Anno 1 Georgii III.

Cap. 1. For the support of his Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

Cap. 4. To continue for a limited time the importation of salted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland.

Cap. 5. To enable his Majesty to be governor of the South Sea Company.

Cap. 6. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

---

Cap. 7. For granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon strong beer and ale \ gna for raising the Turn of twelve millions, by way of Annuities and a lottery, to be chatted on the said duty \ and for further encouraging the exportation of strong beer and ale.

Cap. 8. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 9. To continue an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his fate majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesfs sugar colonies in America.

Cap. 10. For extending an act, intituled, An act to di/continufy for a limited time, tie duties payable on tallow imported from Ireland, td hogs-lard and grease.

Cap. 11. To enable his Majesty to make leases, and copies of offices*' lands, and hereditaments, parcel of his dutchy of Cornwall or annexed to the same; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 12. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, officers of thd militia^ and others, who have omitted to register or to deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for those purposes.

Cap. 13. To amend an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, concerning the qualification of justices of the peace; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 14. To extend the provisions relating to the holding of courts-martial, and to the puniftmient of offences committed in the East Indies, contained in the act made in the twenty seventh year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for punishing mutiny and deferlion of officers and soldiers in the service of the united company of merchants

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

' ef England ifaiing to the East Indies, and for the punishment of offences committed in the East Indies, or at the if and of Saint Helena, to the said company's settlement of Fort Marlborough, and to* such pther principal settlements, wherein the said company may be hereafter impowered to hold courts of judicature.

Cap. 15. To enable his Majesty to.grant unto George Keith, late earl Marifchall, a sum therein limited, out of the principal money and interest now remaining due to the public on account of the purchase money of certain parts of theforfeited estates of the said late earl.

Cap. 16. To continue the duties for r encouragement of the coinage of 'I money. t

Cap. 17. For relief of insolvent debtors.

Cap. 18. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund, and for applying certain monies remaining in the excheque^ for the service of the year One thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

Cap. 19. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for exempting.any annuities or sums of money: granted or to be granted to the royal family, from payment of; taxes.

Cap. 20. For enabling his Majesty to raise a certain sum of money towards paying off and discharging the debts of the navy, and towards naval Services, for the jear one tho^and seven hundred and sixty one; and for allowing further time for making affidavits of the execution of articles or contrails of clerks to attornies or follicitors, $nd filing thereof.

Cap. 21. For the better preservation of the game in that part of Groat Britain called Scotland-, and for repealing part of an act pafledih the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for the better ppc-servation of the game in that part Of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 22. For applying the money granted in this session of parliament towards defraying the charge of the pay of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England when unembodied, and of the ckmthing of the part of the said militia now unembodied, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of Martha one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

Cap. 23. For rendering more effectual the provisions in an a<$fc made in the twelfth and thirteenth vears of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, (intituled, An act for the further limitation rf the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the subject) relating to the commissions and friaries of judges.

Cap. 24. For repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorcbejlir\ in the county of Dorset.

Cap. 25. For repairing and widening the road from the east end of JVefl Taphouse Lane, to the borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House; and also the road fronv the said borough of Liskeard, to Crafthole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tar Point, and from Crafthole afor6said, to Saikt German's Beacon, in the counties of Cornwall and DeVort. '

Cap. 26. For making, widening; and repairing, a road from the north east side of the Gcfivell Street road, next Ifingtdn, in the county of Middlesex, and near to the road called the New ^joad> over{lie folds

A TABLE of th* STATUTES,

and grands to 014 Street Road, Cap. 33. To amend, and gender more.oppose to th tDoghouftr bar \ and at effectual an passed in the thirty

^and from the Doghouse-bary to the {irft year of the reign of his late end of Chiswell Street, by the Ar- t tn^jesty King George ^he Second, tillery, Ground. intituled, An act fa repairing the

Cap. 27.Foe repairing and widening, road from Leeds to Sheffield* in the the road leading from the eastern county of York., .- \ eod of the borough of Grampoufid, Cap. 34. For repair^and widening in the county of Cornwall, through the road from Trailers Rest, in

the towns of Stint Auftell and Lojl- the parish of Ashburton, to.ijfewfon

witbiel, and from thence to the east Bq/bel, and frpot thence to Fortbn

end of the WeJlern Taphouse Lane, other wise Forgers Croft, in the pain the said county. ri(h of Higbweek, in the county of

Cap. 28. For enlightening the (treats Devon. } v

within the city of Exeter, and fu-

Cap. 35. For amending, the j; pad, barbs thereof. from Sacred Gate, in the parish of

Cap. 29. For repairing and widening Thorngumbald, to Pattringm Creek,

{he roads from Dyed War, to So- or Haven; and from, the Guide Rojt merton-, and from Gawbridge, to.in Wuiejlead, to Froimgham G#tef Tintinlmll Fordt \ and from a stream in or near widow Braxton's farm,

of water called Ford, to Cartgate, in in the county of Yorkaqd for

Martcek, in the county of Somerset. fcouringand cleaqfiqgthe said cree£

Capi 30. For continuing and amend- or haven. f

ing an act made in the sixteenth

Cap 36. For difcpqtinuing the use of.year of his late Majesty's reign, for a road, in tb©< parish, of Great

repairing she highways from the Packington, in the county of War-

city of Gloucester, to the top of wick; and for preventing the, truf-

R&dtip Hill; and from the foot of tee?* appointed to.put iq execution

the said hill, to the top of CrUkley an act passed in the thirty third

H$. year of his late Majesty's reign^for

Cap.. 31. To explain and.amend so repairing the road fipmStoneBri/lge

much of an act passed in the thirty to Castle Bromwichr£\roip erecting a

feoond year of the reign of his late gate or turnpike^ between Sfone

Majesty intituled, An act to explain, Bridge and the plaqe where the

amend, and render more effectual, the road turns off tof QoUJbUl in the

sowers granted by feveratalls of par- county of Warwick.

Lament fir repairing several roads

Cap. 77. For amending, widening, leading to the city of Bath; and for and keeping io repair, ! the rpad

omening several other roads near the leading from Fishert^n Bridge, to

ftid-cUy\ as directs the laying out the turnpike road# at Willoughby

a new road from the Bridge it Bath Hedge in West Knoyle, . and noijn

to Rash Hill. Wilton Bridge to the turnpike road

Cap. 32. For amending and widen- at the west end of Heytesbury j, £nd

ing the road leading from the town also the road frw the turnpike

of Falmouth, in the county of Corn- road at the top of Red Hone, fifill,

wall, through the towns of Penryn, in the parift) of XJrJhfn\t, to the

Heiston, and Marazion, and from mile-stone at the western endo(Fish-

thence to and over Marazion river: ertett Street, in the county of Wilts.

and bridge* and two hundred feet

Cap. 38. For repairing the, parish to the westward of the said river church of covuity of

-and bridge. Surrey.,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 39. For amending and 'widwi-ing the road from the town of Stone to Wordfey Green Gate $ and from the west end of Bilflon Street in Wolverhampton, to the High Street opposite the Old Bush in Dudley; and from a place called Burnt Tree, heit Dudley, to Birmingham; and from the market Cross in Wolverhampton, ^ Cannock, in thecoun-ties of Stafford, Wortejier, and War-wick.

Cap. 40. For rendering more effectual several acts passed in the tenth year of her late majesty Queen Anne, in the eleventh year bfnis late majesty King George the First, and in the eleventh year of his late majesty KingG^r^ the Second, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the road from Dartford to NorthJIeet and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and from NorthJIeet to Chalk, and from thence to thfe stones end near the parish church of Strood, in the count of Kent.

Cap. 41. For amending and widening the roads from the turnpike road upon Gatherley Moor, in the county of York, to Staindrop, in the county Of Durham; and from the said turnpike road, near Smalhvdys, across the river Tees, to JVinfton, in the said county of Durham; and for building a bridge over the said river at or near Winston ford.

Cap. 42. For repairing and amending the road leading from Whitecross, in the parifo of Leven in 'Holder-nefs, in the east riding of the county of York, to the town of Beverley, in the said county.

Cap. 43. For repairing and widening the road from the borough of Appleby, in the county of Westmorland, through the township of Orton, to Kirby Kendall \ and from Orton, to the turnpike road near Shapp, and from Highgate near Tebay, in a part of the highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendal, through the town of Kirby Steven, to the tQWrv of Market Brough, in the said county.

Cap. 44. For continuing so much of an act passed in the thirteenth ar of King George the Second, intituled, An act for waking more effectual two a fit of parliament passed in the seventh ana tenth years of her late mojejly Queen Anne, for preferring and enlarging the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland, and for repairing and amending the high roads leading to the said harbour and town ^Whitehaven, as relates to the preserving and enlarging or the said harbour.

Private Acts.

1. An act for naturalizing Jbht Dp-lignon, Peter YheUaJpn, Peter Any thony Blanche, and Christian Popped

2. An act for naturalizing RofeMarie Heath, wife of Benjamin Hiath dquire.

3. An act to enable Charles Molloy an infant lately called Charles Cook/)' and the heirs of his body, to take and use the surname and arms of Molloy, pursuant to the will of Sir Charles Molloy knight, deceased.

4. An act for the dividing ahd iii-dosing the open arable lands, and the open, meadow, pasture, and waste grounds, in the pariifti of Rearjby, in the county of Lcicester

5. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common or waste ground, and other commonable places, in the parish of Hinton, other wise Hintoti \ValftJh, in the county of Berks.

6. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields of As-fordby, in the county of Leicester.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing certain common fields, and common meadows, and a common hill called SnowJbiU HiU, lying within the

A TABLE of the STATUTES/

the manor of Snowfall, in the county of Gloucester.

8.An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, com* mon meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and common-able lands, within the parish, town-ship, arid liberties, of Merton Pink-ntjy in the county of Northampton.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, commons, and waste grounds, lying in the parish and within the precincts of the manor of Langton Herring, in the county of Dorset.

10. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pa-fiures, common meadows, common grounds, grange lands, and walte grounds, of, and in, the manor and parish of Eydon, in the county of Northampton*

11. An act for the dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, in the hamlet of Pailton, in the parish of Monks Kirby, in the county of Warwick.

12. An act for vesting part of the settled efiates of the right honourable William earl of Dartmouth, and Frances Katherine countess of Dartmouth 9h\s wife, in the city of London, and county of Middlesex, in trustees, to be told, and for laying out the money to arise thereby in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses, as the said settled efiates now (land limited.

13.. An act for vetting part of the settled estate of William Thornton esquire, in the county of York, in him, in fee simple, discharged of the uses of his marris^e settlement; and for settling other lands, of greater value, to tive same uses.

ia. An act to enable Capel Hanbury esquire, and George Hanbury esquire, for jhemfdves.and their respective issue male* to .make an exchange of

their settled ettates, in the county of Monmouth, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

15. An act for rendering effectual an agreement, for making a partition ot several lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of Leicester, late the estates of James Sherard doctor of physick, and Robert Freeman gentleman deceased, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

16. An act for enabling the acting trustees, and executors of William Lemon esquire deceased, to make leases, for lives, or years determinable on deaths, of the estates, in the county of Cornwall, deviled by his will, or purchased in pursuance thereof, respectively, during the minority of his grandsons, and nephews, inti tied to the Tame, for the time being, and for enabling the said grandsons, and nephews, when of age, and the said trustees, during their infancy, respectively, to make, and grant, setts and leases of mines, according to the custom of the, country.

17. An act for confirming and establishing an exchange of lands, agreed to be made, between Charles Tudway esquire, and the archdeacon of Wells, in the, county of Somerset.

18. An act to enable the rector of the parish, and parish church, of Saint Mary Newington Butts* in the county of Surrey, and his successors, to grant a Jeafe or leases, of certain glebe lands, belonging to the said redory.

19. An act for naturalising Frederick Rasch, and John Roger Siebel.

20. An act for naturalizing Jan Tur^' ner, and August Gotlieb PiefeheU .

21. An act for naturalizing Constantia Hampden, Wite of Robert Hampden* esquire.

22. Act for naturalizing Benjamin Maifinncwx.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

23. An act for naturalizing Nicholas Thtaud.

24. An act for naturalizing Simon Baratty.

25. An act for naturalizing Anthony VilHon.

26. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields; common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, waste grounds, and commonable lands, in the manor and parish of TVappenham, in the county of Northampton, exclusive of the hamlet of AJlwell and Paul-cut, in the said parish.

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, pastures* meadows, and other grounds, within the parish 6f Exhall, in the county of the city Coventry.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, waste grounds, and commonable lands, in the parish of Ryton, other wise Ruyton upon Dimf-mn % in the county of Warwick.

29. An act for dividing and inclosing an open common, within the manor and parish of Morrejby, in the county of Cumberland.

30. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common grounds, and waste ground, within JVar ding-ton IVilliamfcott, other wise lfillfcots and Colony otherwise Cotes, in the county of Oxford.

31. An act for confirming and eiia-blishing articles of agreement, for dividing and inclosing several commons, common heaths, and waste grounds, in the adjoining manors of East Lulworth, and Combe Keynes y in the county of Dorset.

32. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common grounds, called Norham Infields^ and the common or waste, called Norham Moor, within the townshipof Norham> in the county of Durham.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields: of Arifly, in the county of Leicester.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields <of Ab-kettleby, in, the county ofZ^i/g&r, and all the lands and grounds within the same fields.

35. An act for dividing and.inclosing certain open and common fields, in the parish of Fringfordy other* wife Ferringfordy in the county of Oxford.

36. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the moors, conn mons, and waste grounds, called Pool Common, in the manors of Lan± verchidoly and Stret Marcel\ otherwise Street Mar stall, in the parishes of Pool and Guihfieldyxn the county of Montgomery.

37. An act for confirming and establishing articles of agreement, 'ibr dividing and inclosing certain open f and common fields, in Burton Pid- - feay in Holderness, in the county of York.

38. An act for confirming articles* of agreement, for inclosing common or waste ground, within the manor or lordship.of Heflingtony in the county of York.

39. An act to enable John earl of Sandwich, IVelbore Ellis esquire, and Robert Nugent esquire, to take, in Great Britain the oath of office^ as vice treasurer and receiver general, and paymaster general of all his Majesty's revenues, in the kingdom of Ireland; and to enable William earl of Harrington to take, in Great Britain, the oath of office as customer and collector of the ports of Dubliny Skerrys, Malahide, and Wicklow, in the said kingdom; and to enable Richard Rigby cfqukc, to take, in Great Britain, the oath of office, as keeper and master of the rolls of the court of Chancery, in the said kingdom, and clerk, keepeF, or master of the rails,

books, writs and records, of the said court; and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of thr (hid respective offices.

40. An act for vesting part of A# settled estate of Frederick viscount Belingbroie, in the county of Kent, in trustees, to be sold, and for. fcttlingaa estate, in the county of Surrey , of greater value, in lieu thereof, and for empowering him to fell other pert of thte said Kentish efface, for the putpofcs dieteut mentioned.

41. An act for felling divers lands

sum! hereditaments, in Middlesex, Surrey, BerkAire, and Northamptonshire, devised by the wills of Bevihdmew Cknie and Hitch, Yewrge enquires, i and for laying out the money, arising by such in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled in lieu themcf, to db* octo of thefaidwills 'efaeJKMlf

42. An act for vesting the plantation and estate of JeJm Walter esquire, ted finotm hie wife (late Neiyton Wufktr spinster) in the island of Jforhadm, intcuftees, fot raising money to be applied in putchafing of flock, and for other purposes for the improvement of the same plantation and estate.

4J. An act for felling divers lands and hereditaments, in the city of

Sand, in the counties of x, Kent, Buckingham, and, devised by the will of Sir " ivniiam Dcdtucli knight* descaled.

i STATUTES.'

apd purchased in pursuance thereof respectively; and for laying out the money arising by such file, id purchasing other lands and hereditaments, m or near the county of (rloucester, to be settled, in lieu thereof, tathe dies of the said will.

44. An act so* vesting the settled fe-fate of John William efqnirey fa the county of EJJ'ex, in tnifttes, bo be sold forralfing money to discharge incumbrances, 'and laying out file far pi us in the porehde of laud* and hereditaments, to be settled to the uses limited of the said settled efofe.

45. An act for selling a mefiuago and lands, in Whaddon, in the county of Bucks, settled by the late Breton Willis esquire, on the marriage of h* fan; and tovpurchafing another dtata in lt*u thereof, to be settled to the same tafia.

46. An act for vesting and fettfihg the real and pecfanal estate of John Morfej late citizen and goldfmUH of London, deceased, for the benefit of the several persons unified under his will; and for the better answering and effecting the intents and purposes of the same will.

47. An act for divesting, out of the crown, the remainder in fee of several lands in Ireland, hte file estate of Martin Dillon esquire; and, for vesting the same in -

lode, of the city of Dublin esquire, and his heirs, in trust for Henry MiuheL, of the said city of Dublin esquire, his heirs and assigns.

The End of the TABLE.

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. r. 109

Anno Regnt GEORGII III. Regis Magnes

Britannia, Francia, &P H, primo.

n #

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the thirty first day of May, Anno Dom. one thousand f even hundred and fifty four, in the twenty seventh year of the reign of our late fever eign lord George the Second, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King* defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the eighteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, being the eighth session of this present parliament.

CAP. I.

An act for the support of his Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain.

May it please your most excellent Majesty,

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the first year of the reign of our late sovereign lord King George the Second, of blessed memory, intituled, An act for the better support of his Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the Preamble, re-crown of Great Britain, it was, amongst other things, enacted, That citing acts, the rates and duties of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, which i Geo. a. bad been granted to his majesty King Charles the Second, by an act made in the twelfth year of his reign, intituled, A grant of certain impositions upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for the increase of his Majesty's revenue, during his life; and which were granted to their late majesties King William and Queen Mary, by an act IX Car tm made in the second year of their reign, for their lives, and the lift of the survivor of them; and which were continued to their late majesties Queen Anne and King George the First, for their lives respec-lively (a certain duty of six pence for every barrel of vinegar beer ex-W. & M. cepted) and also a duty of six pence, part of a duty of eight)hillings, which was granted to his said late majesty King William, for and upon every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquor preparing for vinegar, which Should be brewed or made of any English or foreign materials, by any person or per fans whatsoever, for Jale; and so in pro- .

portion for a greater or lesser quantity, by an act made in the tenth 10 year of his reign \ and liiewife the further subsidy of tunnage and poundage, and other duties upon wines, goods, and merchandises, which had been granted to his said late majesty King William, for his life, by an a ftmade in the ninth year of his reign, intituled, An act (or granting to his Majesty a further subsidy of tonnage and poundage, towards rarfing the yearly fumot seven hundred thousand pounds, fort he service of his Majesty's household, and 9will. 3.

: .other

no Anno primo Georgii III. c. t. [i 760.

other uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty's life, tinned to their find late majtfties $huen Anne and king George the First, for their lives rejbtilivtly Jbiuld be levied, and

pbti, to his faii late nunejiy King George the for and during

the term of his naturallife 5 and also that the yearly of one hundred and twenty thousand poundsgranted out of the aggregate find la

his late majesty King George the First, during bit , by an 'madein thefirfl year of his reign, ( An act fat enlarging

the fund of the governor and company of the bank of England, a Geo. t.* relating to exchequer bills 5 and for fcttlingan additional revenufe of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds err annum upon his Majesty, during his life, for the service of the civil government; and for establishing a certain fund of fifty four thoufanf fix h undred pounds per-annum, in order to raise a sum not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for the service of the publick, by iale of annuities, after the rate of six pounds per eentum per annum, redeemable by parliament; and for satisfying an arrear for work and materials at Blenheim, incurred tohilft that building was carried on at the expence of her late majesty Queen Anne, of blefied memory; and for other purposes therein mentioned; ) Jboucontinued to his late majesty King

George the Second, for and during the term of his natural life, in themannerin the said ail mentioned: and in and by the /aidfirfl mentis

eaed aH made in the firfiyear of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, it was totalled and declared. That the hereditary rates and duties of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, granted to the crown in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles tho Second, and the said duties of excise upon beer, ale, end other liquors, which had been granted to the late Sfyten Anne, by an act of the first year of her rejgn, for her life (subjeii nevertheless to the ho

that 08 mentioned) and the food f

age, and other duties thereby granted; and the feud yearly sum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds out if the aggregate fund', and the revenue arising in the general letter office, or pofl office, or offict f pofimaster general; and the small branches of bts Majesty s

nues therein particularly described or mentioned (except as is therein excepted) jbiuld be for the fieppof his 'sboufehold, and of

the honour and dignity of the crown, as by the said ail of the first year of his said late Majesty's reign (relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear : and by virtue of one other in the fourth

year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, intitu*

4 Geo. 1. led. An act for further encouraging the manufacture of

sail cloth, by tajking off the duties and drawbacks therein mentioned; and allowing an additional bounty on British made sail cloth exported; and for stamping British mads fad cloth with the name and place of abode of the maker; a certain yearly sum was paid out of the aggregate fund to his said la* Majesty, during his Mfe, in lieu of futh part f the duties on the importation of and undrtffid flax, thereby discontinued, at W*s applicable to the fug*

port of bit Majesty's httefthtld, and of the honour and dignity of tho

crown

1760.3 Anno px5mo Georgii 1IL c. 1. 11 k

crown: and by ont other act made in the ninth year of tie reign of his9 Geo.. fend late Majesty* intituled* An act for laying a duty upon the retailors of fointuous liquors, and for licensing the retailers thereof, the yearly sum offeyenty thousand pounds was granted to his said Majesty* during his life* towards the support of his Majesty'$ household and family* and other hie expenses and octofms* in lieu of certain duties on low wines and /pints, thereby made part of the said fond: and infutjuatite of one other act made in the twelfth year of l4 Qt0t n the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled* An act for taking off the duties Upon woollen and bay yam imported from Ireland to England; and for the more effectual preventing the exportation of wool from Great Britain* and of wool, and wool manufactured, from Ireland to foreign parts; a certain yearly sum was paid to his find late Majesty during his life, in lieu of such part of the duties thereby discontinued* on the importation of woollen and boy yarn from Ireland, as was applicable towards the support of his Majesty's household* and of the honour and dignity of the crown: and by one Other act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his fold late Majesty, 3o Geo. a# [intituled* An act for granting to'his Majesty Several rates and outies upon indentures, leases, bonds, and other deeds, and upon news papers, advertisements, and almanacks, and upon licences for retailing wine* and upon coals exported to foreign parts; and for applying, from a certain time, the Turns of money Sitting from the surplus of the duties on licences for retailing ipi-. rituous liquors; and for raising the sum of three millions by an-Unities, to be charged on the ftid rates, duties, and Turns of money; and for making perpetual an act made in the fecood

Jear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the etter regulation ofdttornies and folxcitors\ and for enlarging the time for filing affidavits of the execution of contrafts of clerks to attornies and Solicitors; and also the time for payment of the duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contrafts of Clerks and apprentices) the yearly sum of seven thousand and two pounds* fourteen shillings and three ptnee, was directed to be paid to his said Majesty* his heirs* and successors* out of the monies which Jhsuld arise from the new duties thereby granted on licences to retail wine* in lieu of the former duties: and whereas your Majesty has been graeioujh pkafed to signify your consent to your faithful commons in parliament assimbkdy That whenever they Should enter upon the tonsideration of making provifm for your household, and the honour and dignity of your crown* such dyposition might be made of your Majesty's interest in the hereditary revenues of the crown* as might best conduce to the utility and Jatisfaftion of the publick; thereby giving the mjfl fubflanthl proof of your tender concern for the welfare of your fftple \ and, that the jame is superior, in your royal breast* to all 0-jbef confutations: We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects Mbe commons of Great Britain, in parliament ajfcmbltd, with hearts full of the warmest duty and gratitude, are desirous* TLat a certain and competent revenue for defraying the txpences of your Majesty s civilgovernment* and supporting the dignity of the crown of Great within during your life [which God long prejetve) may be settled on

yourt

112 Anno primo Georgii III. c. r. [1760.

your Majesty \ and that your Majesty may be enabled to male an honourable provision for the royal family, as a testimony of our unfeigned ajfeflion to your Jacred person, by whose happy acceffton to the throne, your Majesty s subjects have the JlrongeJi assurance that the religion* laws, and liberties of this realm will be continued; and that they, your said subjefis, and their poferity, may, through the divine goodness, enjoy every blessing under your Majesty's auspicious reign; have therefore freely and unanimously refolvea to grant unto you, our most gracious sovereign lord King George the Third, a certain revenue payable out of the aggregate fund; and that the said temporary rates, duties, and tmpofit ions be continued, and the produce thereof, together with the produce of the hereditary revenues aforesaid, be made part of the said fund during your Majesfs life-, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Theheredi. same, #That from and immediately after the deraife of his said tary rates and late majesty King George the Second, of blessed memory, for .cx.j and during the term of the natural life of his majesty King granted^y^ George the Third (whom God long preserve) the said rates ana % a* Car.*. to duties of excise Upon beer,le, and other liquors, granted to his be levied and said majesty King Charles the Second, by the said a<£l made in ^fore* from- t^le twe^ YC2Lr his reign, intituled, A grant of certain impo-thedemifeof fi^ons upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for the increase of his Maje-the late King, Jty's revenue during his life; and which were granted to their late for and during majesties King William and Queen Mary, by the said act made the life ofhi* in the second year of their reign, for their lives, and the life of SyCGeo.i/C" survivor them* and which were continued to her said late majesty Queen Anne, by the said act of the first year of her reign* for her life; and which were continued to his said majesty Kinjj George the First, by an act of the first year of his reign, for his life; and to his said late majesty King George the Second, by the said act made in the first year of his reign, for his life (other than and except the said duty of six pence for every barrel of vinegar beer, before mentioned to have been formerly excepted)

Duty on vine- anc* a^° ^ie ^uty Pence* Part of the said duty of eight gar/ shillings, for every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquor pre-

paring for vinegar, which shall be brewed or made of any English or foreign materials, by any person or persons whatsoever, for sale, and so in proportion for a greater or lesser quantity, imposed by the said act of the tenth year of the reigrt of his said late majesty King William the Third \ shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same manner and form, and by such rules, ways, means, and methods, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and with such allowances and exemptions as are mentioned and expressed in the before mentioned acts, or any of them, or by any other law now in force relating to the revenue of excise; and that all and every the said laws relating to and all laws the revenue of excise shall be of full force and effect, to all in-revenucsof^ tcnts an<* purposes, for the levying, receiving, ascertaining, and

ijdo.y Anno primo' Georgii III. c.t.' 113

recovering, the said duties of excise, upon beer, ale, and other>f excise, to liquors; and the said duty of six pence, part of the said duty of r^c % eight shillings, for every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer, or li- tothefiu^du-quor preparing for vinegar, hereby granted or continued, in the ties, like manner as if the same were repeated and enabled in the body of this present act.

II. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Thesubsidy the said further subsidy of tonnage and poundage, and other oi tonnage duties upon wines, goods, and merchandizes granted by the said gran^edby*act made in the ninth year of the reign of his said late majesty9will. 3. King William, for his life; and continued to her said late ma- and continued jetty Queen yfnney by the said act of the first year of her reign, by several fiib. for her life; and afterwards continued to his said majesty King George the First, by the said act of the first year of his reign, for his life; and to his said late majesty King George the Second, by the said act of the first year of his reign, for his life; and also and all other all such other subsidies and duties as were payable by virtue of |!u^f, die8 an^} any act or adis of parliament on the twenty fourth day of'O&o- c

bery one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and were settled or 1760, towards appointed to be towards the support of the household of his said the support of Jate majesty King George the Second, and of the honour and cr? dignity of the crovyn; shall, from and immediately after the here-

demise of his said late majesty King George the Second, be, du- tofore, during ring the life of our said sovereign lord King George the Third, the life of his raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied, by the same ways, present^Ma-means, and methods, and under the same penalties, forfeitures, c y 5 and disabilities, and by the same rules and direction9, and with the same allowances, exemptions, and drawbacks, as are prescribed in or by the said act of the ninth year of the reign of his said lat&majesty King William, or in any other act or acts of and all laws parliament now in force in that behalf; and that the said act of relatingthcre-the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King WiU £; "£thmre. Ham, and other acts touching the said subsidies and duties, and to the all and every the articles, rules, and clauses, therein contained, due levying, or thereby referred unto, so far as the same relate to the raif- &c.the lame, ing, levying, collecting, or making allowances or drawbacks out of the same subsidies and duties, and any exemptions in respect'thereof, shall be of full force and effect to all intents and purposes, during the life of our fai5 sovereign lord King George the Third, as if the same were particularly and at large repeated and set down in the body of this act.

III. And it is hereby enacted and declared. That the produce Produceofthe of the said hereditary rates and duties of excise upon beer, ale, hereditaij and other liquors, and the produce of the said duties of excise [fc7of\xcU, ei upon beer, ale, and other liquors, hereby continued for the term of his Majesty's life; and the produce of the said further sub-/idy of tunnage and poundage, and of other duties upon .wines, Subsidies of goods, and merchandizes, ar>d other subsidies and duties herein tunnap an* before-mentioned; and the produce of such other subsidies and poun duties as were payable on the twenty fourth day of Oftobery bne thousand seven hundred and sixty, and settled or appointed to Vol. XXIII. I br,

ii4

Revenues of the poll office i

alienation

office}

pod fines,

fers, coinpo-fitions in the exchequer, seizures, rents} (duchy of Cornwall excepted) and other branches.

Anno primo GsoROH III. c. i. [1760;

be Inwards the support of the household of his said late majesty King George the Second, and of the honour and dignity of the crown; and the said revenue of the general letter office or post office, or office of post master general; and the small branches of his Majesty's revenues herein after expressed; that is to say. The monies arising by fines for writs of covenant and writs of entry, payable in the alienation office; the monies arising by the post fines; the said yearly sum of seven thousand and two annuit on fourteen shillings, and three penoe, payable out of the

wine licences) monies arising by the new duties on licences to retail wine; the fheiijfs rof- mon^cs ari^ng by sherifffs proffers, and compositions in the ex-s pro*chequer, and feiaures of prohibited and uncustomed goods; the revenue arising to his Majesty by rents of lands, or for fines of fades of the same, or any of them (except the revenue of the duchy of Cornwall) and all other branches and revenues which on the twenty fourth day of OSsober, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, flood settled or appointed to be towards the support of the household of his said late majesty King George the Second, and the honour and dignity of the crown, during his and^evenues-^&le Majesty's life as aforesaid (except the monies which appropriated*Audi be necessary to defray such expences as shall have been in-for support of euvrod in the collection and management of all the said subsidies, /hha r°Wlljf branches, and revenues, and except such foms as were

levyhfg'awd and payable (Pot of the aggregate fund as aforesaid; and

managing the ?lfo except such revenues, rents, and hereditaments, as have same, except- been granted or passed to any person or persons, bodies politick <J) or corporate, by or in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament

in that behalf; and except all charges of particular annuities oir fans of money on the said revenues, or any of them, made or aHewed of by any act or acts of parliament whatsoever) shall, from and immediately after the demise of his said late majesty are tfo be car- King George the Second, be, during his present Majesty's life, ried into, and carried to, and made part of, the general or aggregate fund efta-luade part of blished by the act of the first year of the reign of his late majesty fund^8*^*18 George the First; and be, during the said term, ifilled and'applied, in manner herein after-mentioned, to the uses to which

the said fund is or shall be made applicable: nevertheless, the said hereditary duties of excise; and the said duties of excise continued for his Majesty's fife, as aforesaid; and the said revenues of the general letter office, or post office, or office of post master general; shall respectively be liable to, and charged with, the fevers! particular annual, weekly, or other payments or in-cumbrance* charged on or directed to be set apart out of the osbyanyfor- fad hereditary duties of excise, and the said duties of excise inti act or granted for the life of his said late majesty King George the Se-" cond, and the fad revenues of the general letter office, or post office, or office of post master general, or any of them, by any 1 former or other act or acts of parliament, in the same manner,

and for the same uses, intents, and purposes, and under and frbjcd to the like penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, for any offences or about the same, as the said last-mentioned duties 2 " or

subject how ever to the several an-nuiuot and

1760.] Anno primo GcoAou III. c. t. tif

or revenues, or any 0/ them, were fabje& or liable unto at the thne of the detnife of his said late majesty King George the Second, as fully and effectuallyr, to all intents and pwpofcs, as if the same had been by this zSt particularly charged on or di-lested to be set apart out of the duties or revenues hereby continued, during his present Majesty's life; any thing herein con* tained to the contrary DOtwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority a/brefeid.

That for the suppert of his Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, there Stall be granted and continued, and issuing and payable, out of the said fond called The clear The Aggregate Fund, from and immediately after the demise of yearly few <4 his said late majesty King George the Second, to his present Ma-^Mkf^t°of jesty during his life (which God long preserve) the revenue, or the aggregate yearly relit or rents, or sum or fans of money herein after-men- fund, for the tioned; that is to fey. The clear yearly relit or sum of seven support of his hundred and twenty three thousand pounds, during the conti-xmance of an annuity of fifty thousand pounds payable, by vir- aiKj[ toe of an act made in the tenth yeas of the reign of his said late honour and majesty King Gw?* the Second, to her royal highnefe theprin- dignity of the ecfc dowager of Wefai and of the annuities payable by virtue con-

an a & made in the twelfth year of the reign of his f\id late Ma- [iifuance ^of fcfly, ct fifteen thousand pounds to hrs royal highinef* Wiliam the several duke of CumhrUntd, and the heirs mate of his body; and twelve annuities of

thousand pounds to her royal highnda die priaem; and S-00?'in case of the determination of one or more of the said, annul- jowage^of ties, then, and immediately from thenceforth, fueft dear yearly Wales; relit or him over and above, and in addition to, she said yearly i j, ooool. to tent or sum of feveit hundred and twenty three thousand pounds, of.

as the annuity or annuities so determined (halt have amounted^*

to; and in case of the determination of all die said annuities, to tbepnneeis then, and immediately from thenceforth, the clear yearly relit Amalie; or fuaa of eight hundred thousand pontiffs j and the said yearly th* tents or some for the support off his Majesty's household, and' of ^annuities, the honour and dignity of the crown, shall be and are hereby as they shall* charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from time to time severally de-out of, the doties and revenues which do or shall compose the termine; bid fond, commonly called The Aggregate Fund, or any of them£ei'r (after paying, 'or reserving Efficient to> pay, all such fom and mination, the toms of money as have been direfbed by any former act or acts clear yearly of parihment to be paid out of the same, but wieh preference to sura att other payments which shall or may hereafter be, charged hen*oaid upon, or payable out of, the said fond) and that the sum of him. P

one hundred forty nine thousand fere hundred eighty six pounds; four shillings, and one penny halfpenny, shall be kttied and paid out of the raid fond for the ibpport of his Majesty's household, reitedto- be and of the honour and dignity of rhe crown, from the twenty paid, as the fifth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, to proportion die sixth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty' ,

one, being the proportion of the find annual relit for the fans to 5 jan.i^Si'. ferai; and (hat from and after the fifth day of Jewry, one an(j from

1 2 thousand 5 Jan. 1761,

ii 6

Anno primo Georgii III. c. i.'

[1760.

portions, .,

quarterly; that is to fav. The fifth day of April the fifth day of July, the vi*. on 5 tenth day of October, and the fifth day of January, by even and portions, out of the monies of the said aggregate fqnd; 5°January.^quarterly payment thereof to be made on the fifth day

The first pay. of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one: and the raent to be of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of A ril 1 61 anc* t*ie high treasurer and under treasurer of the exchc-

^reafun^au-'quer for the time being, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to cause the said yearly relit or sums of money respectively, or any arrears thereof, to be issued and applied, from time to time, aaily, weekly, or otherwise, as soon as atiuiuiugiy, same can be satisfied, in the order and course aforesaid, for daily, weekly, the uses and purposes by this act appointed, out of the monies or otherwise, arisen or to arise as aforesaid, so as by the said daily, weekly, or

as soon as the other payments, one fourth part of such yearly rents or sums same can be r r 3 , ', .r r A r ,

of money be not exceeded in, for, or in respect of, each quarter, and so that upon every of the said quarterly days, the whole then due thereupon be completed, made up, or satisfied, according to the trpe intent and meaning of jthis alt.

V. And whereas it may be proper for the support of his Majesty's household, and for defraying the charge of his civil government, and other his necessary expences and occasions, that money Should be issued, from time to time, within each quarter, before the accounts of the said aggregate fund shall be made up and settled; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, and the high treasurer and under treasurer of the exchequer for the time being, shall and may, and they are hereby fully authorized and'impowered, from time to time, between the respeltiye days or

made on

rW, 1761, rreafury authorized and required toil-sue pa/ftient of the same accordingly

satisfied, See.

and to make payments in advance, for his Majesty's

use, from time periods of time appointed or to be appointed for making up and to time 5 settling the accounts of the said aggregate fund, to cause any

payment or payments to be made in advance to or for his Majesty's use, or on his behalf, out of all or any monies which'have arisen, or shall arise, in the receipt of the exchequer, by the produce of all or any of the said hereditary and temporary revenues herein before directed to be carried to, and made part of, the said fund (except only such part of the produce of the'duties on low wines, strong waters, brandy, rum, arrack, and other spirits, as by the said act made in the ninth year of his* said late Majesty's reign were united to, and made part of, the aggregate fund, and farther continued by this act) so that the whole of such payments, together with all other payments out of the ponies composing the said fund* do not exceed, for the purposes aforesaid, between the said twenty fifth day of Or-tober % one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and the sixth day of January following, the said sum of one hundred forty nine thousand five hundred eighty six pounds, four shillings, and one penny halfpenny, herein before limited \ nor exceed in, - or

.in

so as not to exceed the quarterly allowance.

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. i. i7

in respect of, any one quarter, the fourth part of the annual relit or Ann which shall be then charged upon the said fund by virtue of this act; any thing herein, or in any other act or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding. Hj-S Majesty

VI..And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, jjn'powci ed. That his Majesty shall be impowered, from time to time, to to grant out grant a sum not exceeding five thousand pounds per annum, to of therevepue' the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or of for the custo-

dy of the great seal of Great Britain, in the usual and accustom- per to*ed manner, to be from time to time paid by the paymaster or the lord chan-receiver of the revenues of the general letter office, or port of- cellor, lord fice, or office of post master general for the time being, out com^ni/Tioner* the said revenues, according to the tenor of such grant; and so^the custody such payment shall be considered as part of, and shall be deduc- of the great ted from the annual relit or sum by this act granted to his Ma- seal; jestyi for the support of his civil government $ anything in this act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. pax* of the

annual sum granted for the support of his civil government.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commissioners That the of of the treasury, and the high treasurer, of the treafu-chancellor, and under treasurer, chamberlains, and* barons of and mincers* the Exchequer, and all other the officers and ministers of the of theexche-. court of Exchequer, and of the receipt thereof, shall, and they quer, autho-are hereby authorised and required, to do all such acts, mat- nz.cd and re ters, and things, as are herein before directed, or shall be necef- a^thin s ne-fary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, ccflary to-

in order to render this act, and the several payments hereby di- wards the due reded, effectual. execution of

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the autho- tb, sa&-rity aforesaid. That the several and respective duties and reve- Avenues nues, which were payable to his late majesty King George the payable in 1 Second, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for and Scotland to during his life, shall be continued, raised, levied, and paid, the late King, from the demise of his said late Majesty, during the life of his* present Majesty, in the same manner only, and fuhjed to the

same, or the like charges thereon, as the same were liable or from hisde- subject to, during his said late Majesty's life: saving always, to mise, during ail and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, wh-, s their heirs and successors, executors, administrators, and afligns£^nt a, e- '

!'other than to our said sovereign lord the King, his heirs, and Reservation of*ucceflors, and other than to such person or persons, who do or rights of par-may Hand seized or possessed in trust for his Majesty, his heirs, ticular per-and successors) all such rights, titles, estates, customs, interects, claims, and demands whatsoever, of, in, or to, or out of, the corporate, revenues, hereditaments, and other the premisses aforesaid, or any of them, as they, or any of them, had or ought to have*had, at the making of this act, as fully and effectually to all in-. tents and purposes as if this act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Refeivation of That nothing in this act contained, shall extend, or be con-the rights ami

I 3 ftrued prerogatives

11 ft Anno prim© Georgii III. o i. [ 1760^

of the crown, ftrucd to extend, to impeach or diminifti any rights, privileges, with respect to powers, and prerogatives, over the said small branches of hi# branches of Majesty's hereditary revenue, herein particularly mentioned, and the hereditary used, exercised, and enjoyed, or which might have been used, revenues, exercised, and enjoyed, by any of his Majesty's royal predeoef-g ranted by act since the passing of an a St in the first year of the reign of*Ann* i her late majesty Queen Anne^ intituled, An act for the bitter sufi* port of her Majesty $ household, and of the honour and dignity of tbi crown \ other than the power of granting, during his Majesty's life, or for any term of years determinable upon his life, or otherwise, the profits and produce of any such of the said small branches, as are subject to the restrictions of the said {aft- ad, with respect to the free and absolute disposition there- of, in derogation of the special purpose of this present act, to carry die same to the aggregate fund, and to leases X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* grants, or'That nothing in this act contained, shall extend, or be con-aOurances ftrued to extend, in any wise to impair or affect any rights or thereof} or powers of contcoul, management, or direction, which have been, recovery of or may^exercised by authority of the crown, or other lawful the same j warrant, relative to any leases, grants, or assurances, of any of the said small branches of his Majesty's hereditary revenues, or to any suits or proceedings for recovery of the same, or to com-positions made, or to be made, on account of any of the salt) ...(mail branches^ or to any remission, mitigation, or pardon, of

pardo*|0nly any or forfeitures, incurred, or to be incurred, by the

fines, rents, importation of prohibited and uncustomed goods; or to fines boons, and taken, or to typ taken, or to rents, boons, and services, reserv-services, &c.^or to be referred, upon such grants, leases, and assurances, or to the mitigation or remission of the same; or to any other lawful ad, matter, or thing, which has been, or may be done,

touching the said branches; but that the said rights and power* shall continue to be used, exercised, and enjoyed, fn as full, free, ample, and effectual manner, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made, and as the same have been, or might have been enjoyed since the making of the said act of the fbto&ftever- first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne \ subject theless to the nevertheless, to all such restrictions and regulations, as were en-restrictions ^C(j by the said act, to bind her Majesty, her heirs, and fuo \he riefted*cc>rs* and with the benefit of all such clauses, savings, and ad of 1 Anns, provisoes, as are contained in the said act: it being the true in? Intention of tent and meaning of this act, that the said rights and powers ^his aft. jfliall not in any degree be abridged or restrained, or affected in any manner whatsoever, but only that the monies anting from the full and free exercise and enjoyment of them, so subject as aforesaid, shall, during his Majesty's life, be carried to, and made part of the aggregate fund.

CAP.

i7^o*]

Anno primo Gsoftou III. Q. % . CAP. II.

xig

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a laud tax 14 bo rmfod in Great Britain, /^ the fervise of tbtyear one tbottfand seven hundred and sixty one.

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, thepreamble, commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, taking into our serious consideration such expences as are absolutely necessary for supporting your Majesty's government, and being resolved to supply the same, have for that end and purpose chearfully and Voluntarily given and granted, and do by thi$ act give and grant unto your Majesty, the Several and re- v spective rates and assessments hereafter mentioned; and we dg most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority or the same. That the sum of two millions thirty seven*037*8541. thousand eight hundred fifty four poinds, nineteen Anilines, and eleven pence, shall be raued, levied, and paid unto his Ma- Great Britain, jesty, within the kingdom of Great Britain, by such proportions, and in such manner and form, as hereafter in this act are expressed.

II. And it is hereby declared and enaeded by the authority a- 1, 989, 900!. fbresaid, That the sum of one million nine hundred eighty nine 18 s. and 9d. thousand nine hundred pounds, eighteen shillings, ana nine* ra*fc^ m pence, part of the said sum of two millions thirty seven thou- 0"^yac^r| m find eight hundred fifty four pounds, nineteen shillings, and from 25 Mar. eleven pence, shall be raised, levied, and paid, unto his Maje- 1761. fty, within the space of one year, from the twenty fifth day of Jdareb, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and shall be assessed and taxed in the Several counties, cities, borouvhs, towns, and places of England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, according to the proportions in manner following; that is to say.

FO R the town of Bedford, the sum of six hundred and ninety two pounds, eleven shillings, and one penny.

For the rest of the county of Bedford, the sum of twenty seven thousand eight hundred and sixty two pounds, three shillings, and ten pence halfpenny.

For the borough of New Windsor> and the castle there, the sum of nine hundred seventy eight pounds, and ten shillings.

For the rest of the county of Berks, the sum of thirty nine thousand eight hundred sixty five pounds, nine shillings, and five pence.

For the borough of Buds, with Morton, Borton-hdd, Prebend-end, Gawcott, and Lendborough, the sum of six hundred and thirteen pounds, and five pence halfpenny.

For the borough of Wtcomb, the sum of three hundred fifty f>£ht pounds, £cventcer> shillings, and six pence.

14 Fpf

TIO

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. [1760;

For the rest of the county of Bucks, the sum of forty six thousand one hundred seventy pounds, thirteen shillings, and eight pence halfpenny.

For the university of Cambridge, the sum of one hundred pounds.

For the town of Cambridge, the sum of two thousand seven hundred forty six pounds, three shillings, and one penny.

For the isle of Ely, the sum of eight thousand and eight pounds, five shillings, and seven pence halfpenny.

For the rest of the county of Cambridge, the turn of twenty one thousand eight hundred seventy eight pounds, six shillings, and ten pence halfpenny.

For the city and county of the city of Chester, the sum of one thousand five hundred eighty four pounds, and seven shillings;

For the county of Chester, the sum of twenty seven thousand and fourteen pounds, eighteen shillings and ten pence halfpenny.

For the county of Cornwall\ the sum of thirty one thousand nine hundred forty three pounds, and one shilling.

For the county of Cumberland, the sum of three thousand seven hundred thirteen pounds, eighteen shillings, and two pence halfpenny.''

For the county of Derby, the sum of twenty four thousand ninety three pounds, nineteen shillings, and niqe pence half* penny.

For the city and county of the city of 'Exon, the fuqi of four thousand seven hundred and eight pounds, and five pence halfpenny.

For the county of Devon, the sum of seventy seven thousand eight hundred seventy five pounds, two shillings, and ten pence halfpenny.

For the town and county of the town of Poole, the fqm of three hundred twenty eight pounds, and two shillings.

For the county of Dorset, the sum of thirty two thousand seven hundred fifty one pounds, fifteen shillings, and ten pence halfpenny.

For the county of Durham, the sum of ten thousand five hundred ninety seven pounds, fourteen shillings, and five pence halfpenny. _

For the west riding of the county of York, the sum of thirty nine thousand three hundred sixty two pounds, one shilling, and one penny.

For the north riding of the county of York, the sum of twenty six thousand three hundred forty seven pounds, nineteen shillings and eight pence.

For the east riding of the county of York, the sum of nineteen thousand one hundred eleven pounds, two shillings, and eleven pence.

For the city of York, and county of the same city, the sum of four thousand six hundred nineteen pounds, eighteen shillings, and eight pence.

For

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. tl

- For the town and county of the town of ,

the sum of two thousand fifty three pounds, two shillings, and four pence.

For the town of Malden in the county of Essex, the sum of five hundred eighty four pounds, and eighteen shillings.

For the town of Colchester, the sum of two thousand eight hundred forty five pounds, six shillings, and three pence.

For the town of Harwich and Dover, the sum of four hundred and three pounds, thirteen shillings.

For the rest of the county of Essex, the sum of eighty five thousand five hundred sixty three pounds, nine shillings, and five pence.

For the city and county of the city of the sum of

one thousand three hundred ninety six pounds, four shillings, and eight pence.

For the whole county of Gloucester, the sum of forty five thousand pine hundred forty two pounds, sixteen shillings, and four pence.

For the city of Hertford, the sum of seven hundred sixty three

pounds, seventeen shillings, and four pence.

For the borough of Leominster, the sum of three hundred thirty three pounds, fifteen shillings, and eight pence.

For the rest of the whole county of Hereford, the sum of nineteen thousand three hundred eleven pounds, thirteen shillings, and eight pence. '

For the borough of Saint Albans, in the county of ,

the firm of' seven hundred seventy four pounds, and two shillings.

For the rest of the whole county of Hertford, the sum of forty one thousand five hundred ninety seven pounds, and six pence.

For the town of Huntingdon, the sum of four hundred thirty two pounds, twelve shillings, and eight pence.

For the rest of the county of Huntingdon, the sum of fifteen thousand and sixty four pounds, twelve shillings, and four pence.

For the city and county of the city of Canterbury, the sum of one thousand six hundred fifty two pounds, one penny, and one third part of a penny.

For the town and liberty of, the sum of one thousand

nine hundred twenty three pounds, thirteen shillings, and nine pence.

For the town of Folistone, the sum of one hundred forty four

pounds, and nineteen shillings.

For the town of Fordwich, the sum of seventy seven pounds, and eight shillings.

For the town of Feversham, the sum of five hundred nineteen pounds, ten shillings, and three'pence.

For the tpwn of Tenterden, the sum of eight hundred sixty three pounds, and two shillings.

For the town and liberty of Sandwich, the sum of nine hundred ninety one pounds, uxteen shillings, and six pence.

For

m

Anno primo Georgii III. c. i, \_1760*

For the town and port of New -the sum of Wd hun-

dred forty nine pounds, and seven teen Shillings.

For the town of Lydd, the sum of seven hundred sixty nine pounds, nineteen shillings, and six pence.

For the town and port of Hythe, and within the

liberty of the said town and port, the sum of two hundred thirty six pounds, and fourteen shillings.

For the rest of the whole county of the fun of seventy five thousand one hundred twenty four pounds, four shilling^ and four pence.

For the county of Lancttfitr, the sum of twenty thousand nine hundred eighty nine pounds, fourteen shillings, and six pence halfpenny.

For the borough of Ltuester, the sum of six hundred thirty hine pounds, and twelve shillings.

For the rest of the county of Lei, the furtt of thirty four thousand and forty five pounds, ten shillings, and one penny

halfpenny.

For the coonty of Lineeln, with the city and oOunty of the city of Lincoln, the sum of seventy one thousand nine hundred

seven pounds, and eight pence.

For the city of London, the (urn of one hundred twenty three thousand three hundred ninety nine pounds, six shillings, and (even pence.

For Serjeant's Inn in Chancery the sum of thirty one

pounds, and four shillings.

For the Inner Temple, and hens of Chancery thereunto belong* ing, the sum of four hundred pounds.'

For the Middle Temple, and Inns of Chancery thereunto belonging, the sum of two hundred seventy two pounds, and sixteen shillings.

For the society of Lmtebi's Inn, and Inns Of Chancery thereunto belonging, the (urn of three hundred forty one pounds, seven shillings, and six pence.

For Grass Inn, and the Inm of Chancery thereunto belongings the sum of two hundred fifty two pounds, thirteen shillings, and four pence.

For the palaces of Whitehall and Saint James, the sum of thirty thousand seven hundred fifty four pounds, six shillings, and three pence.

For the city of Westminster, and liberties thereof, and offices executed in WtflminfttrHall, the sum of sixty three thousand and ninety two pounds, one shilling, and five pence.

For the rest of the county of Mid the sum of one hundred and seven thousand six hundred and- two pounds, eleven shillings and seven pence.

For the county of Monmouth, the sum of nine thousand eight hundred and twelve pounds, six shillings, and five pence halfpenny.

For the city and county of the city of Norwich, the sum of eight thousand five fiuqdred eighteen pounds, eleven Shillings, and eleven pence.

1760.3 Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.

' For the borough of Gnat Yarmouth, the Cum of two thousand eight hundred and twenty pounds, three shillings, and one penny.

' For the borough of King's Lynn, the sum of one thousand eight hundred fourteen pounds, and fourteen shillings.

For so much of the borough of as lies in the county

of Norfolk, the sum of two hundred and thirty nine pounds.

For the rest of the county of Norfolk, the sum of seventy thousand nine hundred fourteen pounds, six shillings, and six pence halfpenny.

For the town of Northampton, the sum of eight hundred thirty pounds, (even shillings, and ten pence.

For the rest of the county of No, the sum of forty six thousand eight hundred thirty nine pounds, three shillings, and seven pence.

For the town and county of the town of Newcastle upon the sum of two thousand five hundred eighty pounds, sixteen shillings, and four pence.

For the townxu Berwick upon Tweed, the sum of one hundred forty five pounds, and three shillings.

For the county of Northumberland, the sum of eleven thousand eight hundred twenty two pounds, and eighteen shillings.

For the town and county of the town of, the sum of one thousand six hundred fourteen pounds, ten shillings, and seven pence halfpenny.

For the county of Nottingham, the sum of twenty five thousand six hundred sixty two pounds, and two pence.

For the university of Oxon, the sum of one hundred eleven pounds, seventeen shillings, and two pence.

For the city of One*, the sum of three thousand four hundred forty four pounds, six shillings, and three pence.

For the rest of the county of Oxon, the sum of thirty five thousand one hundred ninety five pounds, sixteen shillings, and four pence, and ten twelfth parts of a penny.

For the county of Rutland, theftim of five thousand five hundred twenty five pounds, three shillings, and ten pence halfpenny.

For the town of Ludlow, the sum of two hundred twenty six X pounds, and two shillings.

For the county of Salop, the sum of twenty eight thousand eight hundred thirty pounds, seventeen shillings, and one penny halfpenny.

For the city and county of the city of >the sum of seven thousand three hundred ninety one pounds, ten shillings, and eight pence.

For the city of Bath, the sum of four hundred forty three pounds, and six shillings.

For the city of Wells, the sum of four hundred eighty one pounds, seventeen shillings, and six pence.

For the borough of Bridgewater, and the

fem of three hupdred sixty six pounds, and five shillings.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2I [1760.

For the rest of the county of Somerset, the sum of sixty three thousand seven hundred ninety pounas, four shillings, and four pence.

For the town and county of the town of Southampton, the sum of seven hundred ninety four pounds, ten shillings, and one penny.

For the isle of flight, the sum of six thousand two hundred seventy three pounds, and sixteen shillings.

For the rest of the county of Southampton, the sum of forty seven thousand eight hundred seventy two pounds, five shillings, and five fix parts of a penny.

For the city and county of the city of Litchfield, the sum of four hundred twenty pounds, nineteen shillings, and four pence#

For the county of Stafford, the sum of twenty six thousand1 seven hundred pounds, three shillings, and ten pence.

For the town of Ipswich, the sum of two thousand sixty one pounds, three shillings, and six pence.

For the borough of Bury Saint Edmonds, the sum of two thousand one hundred and six pounds, and three shillings.

For the borough of Dunwich, the sum of forty pounds, three shillings, ana six pence.

For the borough of Eye, the sum of five hundred and two pounds.

For the borough of Sudbury, the sum of five hundred and six pounds, eight shillings, and eight pence.

For so much of the borough of Thetford as lies in Suffolk, the sum of seventy nine pounds, and four shillings.

For the rest of the county of Suffolk, the (um of sixty eight thousand two hundred eleven pounds, and four pence, and two third parts of a penny.

For the county of Surrey, the sum of sixty six thousand one hundred thirty two pounds, nineteen shillings, and six pence halfpenny.

For the town and port of Hajlings, and liberties thereof, the sum of three hundred seventy eight pounds, and six shillings.

For the liberty of Seaford, the sum of one hundred forty one pounds, and eighteen shillings.

For the liberty of Pevenfey, the (urn of one thousand eighty eight pounds, and ten shillings.

For the town and parish of Rye, the sum of four hundred seventy three pounds, and eighteen shillings.

For the town of Winchelfcay the sum of four hundred and five pounds.

For the rest of the county of Sussex, the sum of fifty seven thousand six hundred and three pounds eighteen shillings, and seven pence.

For the city and county of the city of Coventry, the sum of two thousand four hundred sixty three pounds, fourteen shillings, and nine pence.

For the county of Warwick, the sum of thirty seven thousand

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.

three hundred twenty five pounds, nineteen shillings, and (even pence.

For the city and county of the city of fVorcefier^ the sum of two thousand two hundred twenty eight pounds, feveptcen shillings, and eight pence.

For the county of Worcester, the fumiof thirty one thousand three hundred fifty three pounds, nine shillings, and three pence.

For the city of New Sarum, the close of the same, and Clarendon Parks the sum of one thousand nine hundred thirty five pounds, sixteen shillings, and six pence.

For the rest of the county of fPilts, the sum of forty nine thousand seven hundred twenty one pounds, eleven shillings, and five pence.

For the county of Westmorland, the sum of three thousand and forty five pounds, three shillings, and nine pence halfpenny.

For the isle of Anglesea, the sum of one thousand six hundred thirty three pounds, seven shillings, and eleven pence.

For the borough of Brecon, the sum of one hundred seventy seven pounds, nineteen shillings, ahd eight pence.

For the rest of the county of Brecon, the sum of two thousand eight hundred seventy three pounds, eighteen shillings, and four pence.

For the county of Cardigan, the sum of one thousand three hundred seventy two pounds, sixteen shillings, and two pence.

For the county borough of Carmarthen, the sum of two hundred twenty nine pounds, eighteen shillings, and eight pence.

For the county of Carmarthen, the sum of four thousand one hundred forty pounds, three shillings, and eleven pence halfpenny.

For the county of Carnarvon, the sum of two thousand three hundred thirty seven pounds, six shillings, and seven pence.

For the county of Denbigh, the sum of six thousand eight hundred pounds.

For the county of Flint, the sum of two thousand three hundred fourteen pounds, and seventeen shillings.

For the county of Glamorgan, the sum of seven thousand nine hundred and six pounds, nine shillings, and ten pence.

For the county of Merioneth, the sum of two thousand four hundred thirty two pounds, fifteen shillings, and ten pence.

For the county of Montgomery, the sum of five thousand eight hundred fifty two pounds, eighteen shillings, and four pence.

For the county of Pembroke, the sum of two thousand nine hundred ninpty seven pounds, seventeen shillings, and eight pence halfpenny.

For the county of Radnor, the (urn of two thousand six hundred ninety two pounds, and six shillings.

For the town and county of the town of Haverfordwest, the sum of one hundred seventy four pounds, seventeen shillings, and four pence.

til. And be it* further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That

i t6 Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. [ 1760.

Personal e- That towards raising the said several and respective (bins of mo-

states (except ney, hereby charged on the respective counties, cities, boroughs,

deC^kon^f' ani°fthCT P?"s> 5n.that Rof.Gr^ called

land, hour- England, Wales, and Bertwek, as aforesaid, all and eve17 per-hold goods, son and persons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, and fra-and loans to temities, within the same respectively, hairing any estate in ready m money, or in any debts whatsoever, owing to them within the pound. Great Britain, or without or having any estate in goods, wares, merchandizes, or other chattels, or personal estate whatsoever, within Great Britain, or without, belonging to, or in trust for, them (except and out of the premisses deduced such sums as he, file, or they, do hem side owe, and such debts owing to them, as shall be adjudged desperate by the respective comcnissioners appointed by this; and also except the (lock upon lands, and Rich goods as are used for houshold-stuff; and.aHo except such' loans and debts as arse or shall be owing from his Majesty, to any person or persons) shall yield ana pay unto l>is Majesty, the sum of four shillings in the pound, according to the true yearly value thereof, for one year, (that is to say) for every one hundred pounds of such ready money and debts, and for every one hundred pounds worth of Rich goods, wares, and merchandizes, or other chattels or personal estate, the sum of twenty shillings, and so after that rate for every greater or less sum, or quantity, to be ailefled, levied, and collcdfat, in Employments manner herein after mentioned 5 and that all and every person of prpnt (ex- and persons, and all and every commissioner and cotnasifSoners, cept military having, using, or exercising, any publick office or employment a^yornavy)n England, Wales, or Berwick, as aforesaid, and all and

to pay 4s. per every their clerks, agents, secondaries, substitutes, and other inpound. ferior ministers whatsoever (Rich military officers who are or shall be in muster by the muster-matter general of his Majesr/s army, or in pay in his Majesty's army or navy, i* respect of such offices only, excepted) shall, towards raising the said reJpe&fve sums before in this act charged upon the respective counties* cities, boroughs, towns, and other places of England, Wales, and Berwick, as aforesaid, yield and pay unto his Majesty the sum of four shillings for every twenty shillings, which he, (he,

4 or they do receive in one year, by virtue of any fakrnes, gratui- ties, bounty-money, rewards, fees, profits, perquisites, or advantages whatsoever, to him, her, or them accruing, for or by Pension nd rea^on or occafi°n of such their several offices or employments, annuTticfout without any allowance^ deduction, or abatement whatsoever; of the cxchc- and that all and every person and persons, guilds, fraternities, quer, See. to bodies politick and corporate, having an annuity, pension, ftiw Pay* pend, or other yearly payment, either out of the receipt of his

Majesty's exchequer in England, or out o# any branch of his v Majesty's revenue in England, Wales, or Berwick, or payable, or secured to be paid, by any person 01 persons what foe w, in England, Wales, or Berwick (not being or issuing out of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or charged upon the same, touching which other directions are given by this a<9; and net being annuities or yearly payments, which, by any act or acts of parliament

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III, C. 2.

made, or to be made, are or shall be especialty exempted from the payment of taxes or aids) shall, towards raising the saidrespective turns before by this act charged upon the respective counties, cities, boroughs, towns, and other juices of E*£-kndy Wales? or Berwick, as aforesaid, yield and pay unto his Majesty the him of four shillings for every twenty shillings by the year, for every such annuity, pension, stipend, or yearly payment refspectiveliy, and after that rate for one whole year: the said several rates and sums of money hereby granted, to be af-fcfed, imposed, levied, and toileted, in such manner as herein after is mentioned.

IV. And to theeni tbs fuH and entire fim by this a3 (barged up- Lan(Jj tcnc^ as the several mntios, cities, boroughs, Mums, end phtes respect- meats, mines, kufy, of England, Wales, mi Berwick, as aforesaid, may bt fully &c. and completely raffed and paid U his Majesty's use j be it farther coated by the authority aforesaid, That all and every manors, mdTuages, lands, and tenements; and also all quarries, mines of coal, tin, and lead, copper* mundick, iron, and other mines \ iraaonills, furnaces, and other iron-works; felt-fprmgs, and felt-works; all al lorn-mines and works; all parks, chaces, warrens, woods* underwoods, coppices; and all fishings, tithes, tolls, annuities, and all other yearly profits; and all hereditaments, of what nature or kind mover they be, situate, lying, and being, happening or anting, within the several and respective counties, cities, boroughs, towns, or places aforesaid relpcftive-ly, or within any parts of the same, as well within ancient demesne, and other liberties and privileged places, as without, within that part of Great BritaincdUd England, Woles, or Berwick, as aforesaid; and all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, myteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, having or holding any such manors, meflbages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or o-aher the premises, in respect thereof, shall be charged with as tQ^char^much equality and indifference as is possible, by a pound-rate, equally for or towards the said several and respective sums by this act andindifte/ let or imposed, or intended to be set and imposed, for and upon rence, &c. mil and every such counties, cities, boroughs, towns, or other places hereby charged therewith as aforesaid, so that by the said rates so to be taxed or assessed, for or upon the said'ready money, debts, goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels, or personal estates, and for and upon the said offices and employments of profit, and for and upon the petitions, annuities, stipends, or yearly payments aforesaid, and for and upon the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and other the premities, according to the purport and true meaning of this present act, the full and entire fiuns hereby appointed to be raised in England, Wales, and Berwick as aforesaid, shall be completely and effectually taxed, assessed, levied, and collected, and shall be paid*into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by four quarterly payments*the first payment thereof to be made.on or before the

US Anno primo Georgii III. c.2, [1766;

twenty fourth day of June9 which shall be in the year bf ourLbrd7 one thousand seven hundred and sixty one,

V. And whereas many of the manors, messuages, lands y tenement sy'

f&t&xo* hereditaments, and premisses^ in England, Wales, and Ber-

relit-charges, wick upon Tweed, intended by this act to be charged with the pound-annuities, &c. rate as aforesaid, Jiand incumbered with9 or are subject or liable to9

the payment of several relit-charges or annuities, or other annual pay-ments issuing out of the same,r to the payment of divers fee-farm rents, relit-service9 or other rents thereupon reserved or charged, by reason whereof the true owners and proprietors of such manors, messuages9 lands, tenements, or hereditaments, do not in truth receive to their own use the true yearly value of the same9 for which never the-left they are by this act chargeable with a certain pound-rate \ it it therefore declared tod enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the landlords, owners, and proprietors of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises, in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, being charged with a pound-rate as aforesaid, to abate and deduct, and to detain and keep in his, her, or their hands, out of every such fee-farm relit, or other annual relit or payment, so much of the said pound-rate, which shall be taxed or assessed upon the said manors, messuages, lands, and premisses, as a like rate for every such fee-farm relit, or other annual relit or payment respectively, shall by a just proportion, amount unto, so as such fee-farm relit, or other annual relit or payment respectively, do amount unto twenty shillings per annum, or more; and all and every person or persons, who ate or shall be any ways inti-titled to such rents or annual payments, their respective auditors, reeves, receivers, and their deputy or deputies, are hereby required to allow such deductions and payments, according to such rates, upon receipt of the residue of such monies as shall be due and payable to them for such rents or annual payments reserved or charged as aforesaid, without any fee or charge for such allowance.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better assessing, ordering, levying, and collecting of the several sums of money so as aforesaid limited and appointed to be raised and paid, in the aforesaid part of Great Britain, called England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, and for the more

er^fthe land putting of this act in execution in reference to the same,

tax for the all and every the person and persons who in and by an act of year 1758, to parliament made and passed in the thirty first year of the reign put this act in of His iate majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for execution. appointing of for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty, by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight j and for enforcing the payment of the rates to be assessed upon Somerset House in the Strand\ and for rectifying a mistake in the said qft\ and for allowing further time to the receivers of certain aids for felting insuper for monies in arrear 5 were named and appointed

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. 129

of for putting in execution the same ad, within the several counties, cities, boroughs, cinque-ports, towns, and places of England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, duly qualifying themselves according to this a St in that behalf,

shall be of for putting in execution, and shall put in execution this present act, and the powers therein contained, within and for the same counties, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted and declared, That the feve- Commission-

ral of aforesaid shall meet together at the most usual ers to meet on and common places of meeting within each of the said coun- or 1th?

tics, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places 0 pril> respectively, within England, Walej, and Berwick upon Tweed, 9

for which they are appointed of as aforesaid, on or before the thirtieth day of Aprily one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and shall meet afterwards in like manner, as often as it shall be necessary, for putting so much of this all in execution, as is hereby committed to their care and charge5 and the said of, or so many of them as shall be present at such general meeting or meetings, or the major part of them, are hereby authorized and required to put so much as aforesaid of this present act in execution, and shall ascertain and set down in writing the several proportions which ought to be charged upon every hundred, lathe, wapentake, rape, ward, or other division respectively, within England, Wales y and Berwick upon Tweed, for and towards the raising and making up the whole sum before by this act charged upon the whole county, city, or other places for which they are hereby appointed of, by charging in proportion to the sums which were afieflfed on the lame hundreds or divitions respectively, by an act of parliament made and passed in the fourth year of the reign of their late majesties King William and Queen Marjy of blessed memory, as the act intituled, An act for granting to their Majesties an aid of + w. & M. four shillings in the pound for one pear, for carrying on a vigorous war against France; and shall also, if they fee cause, subdivide and may sub-and distribute themselves, and the other of not then divide them-present, into less numbers, foas three or more of the said com- c vci> c# missioners may be appointed for the service of each hundred, lathe, wapentake, rape, ward, or other division, as may bed conduce to the carrying on his Majesty's services hereby required; nevertheless, not thereby toreftraio the said of, or any of them, from acting as of in any other part of the county or place for which they are appointed.

VIII. And, for the more effectual perjormance thereof; be it enacted and declared. That the of at such general oners

meeting, or the major part of them then present, shall also a- Jo^&iiTeTch eree and set down in writing, who, and what number of the division, to be laid of shall act in each of the said divisions or hun- given to the dreds, and shall deliver true copies of such writings to the re- rcc*ver-ge-ceiver-general, to be appointed by his Majesty, or in pursuance Mcr of his directions, to the end there may be no failure in any part of

Anno primo Georgii III* e.a* [1760.

the due Execution of the service by thi* aft required:1*4 the said of within the several hundreds* lathee, war pentakes, rapes, wards, or other divificms, in B*gk*di W*kt % and B&wick upon Tweed, or any two or more of them* are hereby authorized and required to cause the several proportioni< charged on the respective hundreds* lathes, wapentakes, rapes* wards, or other divisions, as aforesaid, for xst towards the aid hereby granted, to be equally taxed and assessed within every such hundred, lathe, wapentake, rape, ward, or other division* and within every parish and place therein, according to the best of their judgements and diicrerions; and for that end and pur-Commission- pose to direct their several or joint precept or precejpts to such in- ers tosummon habitants, high-constables, petty-conftaWes, bailiffs, and other be aflVffoAt0 °ccfs and ministers, and such rtumber of them* as they in who aretoap-their discretions shall think most convenient, to be prcfentor# pear before and assessors, requiring them to appear before the.said cocttftiif* sioners, at such place and time, not exceeding eight days after the date of such precept, as they shall appoint; and at such their appearances, the said of, or such of them is shall be then present, shall opemy read, or cause to be read unto them* the several rates, duties, and charges in this act mentioned* and openly declare the effect of their charge to them, and how, and in what tViartnefr they fhouM and ought to make theirfaid afleff* ments, and how they Ought to proceed in the execution of this act, according to the tare meaning of.the same. And if any feming, or re such constable, petty-constable, bailiff, officer, or minister, ot fervcSforfeit ot^er inhabitants, to whom arty precept shall be directed, shall not exceeding absent themselves without lawful excuse, to be made out by the 5I norlcfs & fcath of two Or more credible Witnesses (which oaths the said than 40s. of, or fcrty two or more of them, are hereby Empowered to adminiftet) or if any officer or person appearing shall refuse to serve; then every such officer or person so making d*-fault, or refusing to serve, shall, for every such default orretufal, forfeit or lose to his Majesty such sum or fume of money, as the said commissiorters, or so many of them as shall be present, or the major part of them being present, shall think fit, not exceed-AflVflbrs to be ing the sum of five pounds, nor lefis than forty shillings* and at and ?utficient anc* a^t<: r char£c given as aforesaid, the said of shall take care that warrants be issued, and directed to two at least of the most able and sufficient inhabitants of each parish, township, or place, within the respective divisions thereby, appointed requiring them to be assessors of all and every the rates and sums of money by this act imposed; and also therein ap-to* be brought P°*nt*ng anc* prefixing a certain day and place for the said assessors in atadayand 10 appear before them, and to bring in their aflefftnents in writ-plate prtfixt. ing 5 which laid assessors are hereby strictly enjoined and requir-The full sum ed, with all care and diligence, to assess the full sum given them to b<in c^arge respectively upon all ready money, debts, personal estates, offices, employments, annuities and pensions, chargeable as aforesaid, according to this act, and by an equal pound-rate upon all manors, lands, tenements, rents, hereditaments,

and

them in 8 days}

and then to give them a charge.

Person* ab-

ii.lubitanu.

allcllod.

ty&o*] Anno primo Georgii III. c. a. 131

ztrfdotH4P the premisses, within the luaita, circuits, and bounds of iher frd^CUve parishes or places, for which they shall be appointed aflfeflQrs a? aforesaid; and shall bring with them at the Acertificateof tiMe'and place so as aforesaid prefixt for their appearance, a ccr- the anjefTinent tificate in writing of the said assessment, and shall then also re- withthei % Him the names of two or more aWe and sufficient persons, Jiving collectorsrkhin the limits and bounds of those paristies, townrtiips, con- names, ftftble-wicks, and places, where they shall be chargeable respectively, to the collectors of the monies which shall be assessed as aforesaid, and to be paid to his Majesty by this act; for whose paying in to the receiver-general, or his deputy, in manner herein after mentioned, such monies as they shall be chargeable withal, the parish or place wherein they are so employed shall be answerable: and if any assessor To appointed, or to be ap- 4 poihted, shall neglect or refuse to serve, or shall make default at the time appointed for his appearance, not having lawful ex-cutty to be made out by the oaths of two credible witnesses (which oaths the said of, or any two or more of them, have hereby power to admmhler) or shall not perform his duty; every such afleffor shall, for every such negleCf, refusal, Assessoi*, &c. or default, forfeit and lose to his Majesty such sum as the com - negkcting tniflioners, or so many of them as shall be present, or the major^part of them, shall think fit, not exceeding the sum of forty n°tabove40I. pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods drid chattels, in like manner as by this act is appointed for levying the several rates and assessments herein mentioned, in case <rf neglect or refusal of payment, and to be charged upon the ffcfoe&ive receivers-general, together with the said rates and assessments. And for completeing the whole sum charged to be raiftd in England^ IValtSy and Berwick upon Tweed, as aforesaid; ' and to the end the aforesaid sums, charged upon the several and Assessors to respeCMve counties, ridings, cities, boroughs, towns, and places, deliver one for or towards the same, may be duly collected, and true ac- copy of the counts thereof made, the said assessjrs are hereby required to assessments to deliver one copy of their respective assessments fairly written,

and subscribed by them, unto the said of, within the time to be prefixed as aforesaid: and the said of, Duplicates oT any three or more of them, are hereby required and prdered to thereof to be: (igrtand foal two duplicates of the same assessments; and one of &c* them to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to two or more honest jivere^totbe and rdfponfible persons to be collectors, which the said com- collectors, rtdffioners are hereby authorized to nominate and appoint for &c. with war-each parish or place, with warrant to the said collectors to ra!Jf for col-collect the same assessments, payable as aforesaid, so as the saidlc^ul&* several sums may be paid to the receiver-general at the respective times hereby limited: and the said of are hereby Commission- also required* at the same time to give the said collectors notice ers required to at what time or times, place or places, the appeals of any per-8iv?colle<^rf fori or persons, who shall think themselves aggrieved by being {^e^and*^over-rated by the said assessors, may be heard and determined; piacc theap-which day or days of appeal, so to be appointed by the said com- peal of any

K2 jnit person who

shall think

i£2 Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. f 1760.

himfdf ag- missioners, shall beat least thirty days from the time of signing, icin^Vcr^ deliveriitg the said duplicates to the said collectors ;

rat^, may be an<* every such collector is hereby allb required, within ten days heard and de- after the receipt of such duplicates from the said of* termined. to cause pub lick notice to be given in every parish church, or chapel of ease, belonging to any such parish, within his district or division, immediately after divine fervfee on the Lord's day (if any such divine service shall be performed therein with-in that time) of the time and place (b appointed by the said of for hearing and determining appeals as aforesaid* and shall also cause the like notices to be fixed in writing upon the door of each of the said respective parish churches, or cha-pejs of ease, belonging to any such parishes, on the same day, that all persons who shall think themselves over-rated may know when and where to make their appeal to the said of; and the said collectors are hereby also required, upon the application of any person or persons who shall think himself or themselves over-rated to the said rates and assessments, to permit such person or persons, or their stewards or bailiffs, or other proper representatives, to inspect the duplicates of such rates or afle/T-ments upon the division or district of which he is collector, at all seasonable times in the day, without any fee or reward for the same; and every person so intending to appeal to the said com-roissioners, shall, and is hereby required to give notice thereof in writing to one or more of the assessors of the parish wherein he is rated, of such his intention to appeal, that such assessor or assessors, if they shall th: nk proper, may then and there attend to justify the said assessment; and it is hereby declared, that all, appeals once heard and determined by the said of, or

any three or more of them, or the major part of them then present, on the day or days by them appointed for hearing appeals as aforesaid, shall be final, without any further appeal upon any pretence whatsoever: and the said of arc A duplicate hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered a schedule to ^deliver- or duplicate in parchment, under their hands and seals, fairly ed, together written, containing the whole sum assessed upon each parish or with the place, and also thechristian names and surnames of the respec-n£mr* ot tllc tive assessors and collectors, unto the receiver-general of each lolLaorTto county* r*ding, city, borough, town, and place respectively, in the receiver- England* Wales* and Berwick upon Tweed* or his deputy; and general*shall transmir, or cause to be transmitted, a like schedule or dupli-and one to the catenl° King's remembrancer's office of the exchequer j and rememliraa- this the said of shall cause to be done upon or before cer's office, by the eighth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and six-S Aug. 1761, ty one, or within twenty days after (all appeals to them being ter Vail ap* determined) for which duplicates the remembraneer, or his peals firstde- deputy, shall give to the person who brings the same, a receipt termined.) in writing, gratis* under the penalty of ten pounds, to be re-Rem embran covered to the King's use, as other penalties are by this act re-certo give re- coverable. eeipti gratis, on penalty uf tol.

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. 133

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The rates to

That the persons so appointed to be collectors as aforesaid, in b* levic^ on England^ IValeS) and Berwick upon Tweed, shall levy and collect of

all and every the rates and taxes, so assessed and charged, according to the intent and direction of this act; which said collectors

are hereby required to demand all and every the sum and sums of money, which shall be so taxed and assessed, of the parties themselves, as the same shall become due, if they can be round, or else at the place of their lad abode, or upon the premises. charged with the assessment; and the said several collectors shall and to be paid collect and levy the said monies so charged for his Majesty's use, to tbercccjv-and are hereby required and enjoined to pay unto the receivers- 8cnfra* general, or their deputies, all and every the said rates and assessments by them respectively collected and received, at such time or times, place or places, as the said of, or any two or more of them, shall appoint, so as the whole sums due for each quarterly payment shall be paid or answered by the said collectors to the receivers-general, or their deputies respectively, upon the days, and at the times, by this act appointed for payment thereof.

X. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority The money aforesaid. That the money received by the said collectors within collected to be their respective divisions or hundreds, as aforesaid, shall, from paid to the retime to time, be duly paid to the receiver-general, or his deputy ceiver-eene-or deputies, to be appointed under his hand and seal, whereof

notice under the hand and seal of the respective receivers-general to give com/ shall be given to the of, or any two or more of missioneri no-them, within the respective divisions or hundreds, as aforesaid, hce. within ten days after the next general meeting, and so, from time to time, within ten days after every death or removal of any deputy, if any such Should happen; and the receipt of such receiver-general, his deputy or deputies, or any of them (which receipt or acquittance shall be given gratis to the collectors for all money by them paid) shall be a sufficient discharge to every such collector; and the particular collectors aforesaid are hereby required to pay in all and every the sums so received by them, to the said receivers-general, or their deputy or deputies; for thec0^ors not payment whereof the said collectors shall not be obliged to tra- obliged to travel above ten miles from the place or places of their inhabi- vel above 10 tations. nule*

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Removal or That if any receiver-general of any such county or place shall death of redie, or be removed, or if any such receiver-general for the last ceiver general aid shall not be appointed for the present, notice thereof shall

be given by the of for the affairs of taxes, to two missioners!" or more of acting for each division iu such county or place before the time appointed by this act for the first quarterly payment of the aid hereby granted, and so, from time to time, upon the death or removal of any such receiver-general; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the sum of four hundred and Sd. iq.

134 Anno primo Georgii III* c. 2. [i?Cd.

for the first dred ninety seven thousand four hundred Seventy fife pounds, qimterly pay- f(mr shillings, and eight pence farthing, for the first quarterly paldtothere Payment of Add afleffmertts for England, Wain, and JBrunei ceivers by 24 upon Tweed, shall be fevied, collected, and paid untb the r*eei- June, 1761, vers-general of the said several counties, cities, and other places, who shall be appointed as aforesaid, on or before the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and iixtydfcej The secondnd lum four hundred ninety seven-thousand four hun^ payment by dred seventy five pounds, four (billing!, and eight pence far-9 Sept. 1761. thing, for the second payment of the said quarterly payments* on or before the twenty ninth day of September, one titoufand The third seven hundred and sixty one 5 and the sum of four hundred Payj£cntby ninety seven thousand four hundred seventy five pounds, four5 Dec. 1701. fhiijing^ anc| e', ght pence farthing, for the third of the And quarterly payments, on or before the twenty fifth day of De- The last Dav- (ember, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one 5 and the fill!* xnent by5 " of four hundred ninety seven thousand four hundred seventy March, 1762. five pounds, four shillings, and eight pence farthing, for the lift of the said quarterly payments, on or before the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, in full of the said sum of one million nine hundred eighty nine thousand nine hundred pounds, eighteen shillings, and nine pence.

Receiver- e XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ' nera?^withm a Thal every receiver-general in England, Wales, and Berwiek month after upon Tweed, from time to time, within the space of one month receiving the next after he shall have received the full sum that shall be char* cha/ed* to 6C<* on in? hundred division, for such particular payment give^the'com- that is to be made to such receiver-general by virtue of this adh, missioners a shall give to such of as shall act in such division or receipt: hundred, a receipt under his hand and seal, acknowledging th*

receipt of the full sum charged upon such hundred or division which shall be^or Particu^r payments; which receipt shall be a full dif* a full dif- chaise to each hundred or division for such particular payment, charge for against his Majesty, his heirs, and successors; which said repayment. ceivers-general are hereby required forthwith, or at farthest n era/with?" within twenty days after the receipt of any money of the taxee ao days to pay or duties by this atft granted, to transmit, or cause to be paid, the monies the money by them received, into the receipt of his Majesty'* into the ex- exchequer$ and the lords of of his Majesty's treat* Receiver-ee- ^UIT> or r^core* h'gh treaforef for the time being, are hereby neral allowed authorized to allow to the said receiver-general of each county, ad. in the riding, city, and town respcdUvfcJy, in England, Woks, and Bers-popnd. w'nk ''upon Tweed, a salary for his pains, not exceeding two penct in the pound, for so much as he shall pay into the exchequer, upon the clearing of his accounts.

Collectors to XIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the autho-have3d.intherity aforesaid. That the collectors of the aforesaid rates and af-pound. feffments in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, hereby granted, for gathering the particular (urns charged upon the pa-yi(h or place for which they 0>all be appointed collectors by virtu*

*35

i 7&x] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.

toe of this act, % od for giving receipts to the person or persons of whom tbajr receive the same, shall, upon cohesion of the

Whole Aim appointed tQ he collected by them, and payment thereof*t* hereby before appointed, have and receive for their pain*'in colkftuig and paying the money, three pence in the pound, which the said eoUeftOfo are impowered tp detain out of the J aft payment of the mooje? of their fever?l and respective quarterly: payments; and the said receiver-general, upon the raceipt of the whole assessments of the county, riding, city, or town, far which he is appointed receiver-general (in case he 4*H have received the several duplicates of each parish and plaoe therein, and that duplicates shall be returned to the office of his Majesty's remembrancer of the exchequer, as aforesaid, and not other wile) shall allow and pay according to such warrant as shall be given in that behalf, by the said comm flianers, CoromtfTion-or any two or more of them, three halfpence in the pound, and ers clerks to no move, for the of clerks, for their pains in fair Jj1*three. writing the assessments, duplicates, and copies, hereiu before directod, and all warrants, orders, and instructions relating thereunto.

- XV. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Collectors person shall refuse or neglect to pay any sum or sums of rnqpey, may levy by whereat he or she shall bp rated or aueffed in England., Wales, d'lkre)s)V'C; '/e or Btrwitk upon Twetd, by this a#, upon demapd, by the said p " "nt 0 epheftor or colkftors of that place, according to the precepts or p threats to him or them delivered by the said of, that then, and in all and every such case apd cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said collectors, or any of them, and they are hereby authorised and required to levy the sum assessed by distress and Ale of the goods and chattels of such person io neglecting or refuting to pay, or distrain upon the messuages, lands, tenements, and - premisses, so charged with any Aten sum or fume of money; and the goods and battels then Distress to be and there found, and the distress so taken, to kiep by the space kept four days of four days, at the costs and charges of the owners; and if the^!ir*0.WDer s Aid owners dp not pay the sum or sums of money so rated or thenappraised assessed within the Aid space of four days, then the said distress and fold, and to be apprpifed by two or more of the inhabitants where the same overplus re-Shall be taken, or other sufficient persons, and to be sold by thetuin*

Aid collectors for payment of the said money} and the overplus coming by such Ale (if any be) over and above the tax and charge of taking and keepir.j the said distress, to be immediately returned to the owners thereof; and moreover, that it shaft be lawful to break open in the day-time any house, and, upon warrant under the hands and seals of any two or more of the said of, any chest, trunk, box, or other thing, where any such goods are, calling to their assistance the constables, tything-men, or headboroughs, within the counties, ridings, cities, towns, or places, where any refusal or negle£t shall be made; which said officers are hereby required to be aiding and afBfting in the premises, as they will answer the contrary at their perils;

K 4 and

Commissioners to determine differences about distress.

For want of distress, of-

136 Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. [17601.

and if any question or difference- (hill happen upotVtaking such' distress, the same shall be determined and ended by the said coro* t missioners, or any two or more of them; and if anyperionos: persons aflfefled by this act mEtogland? Walts? or Berwick upon Tweed, as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay his9 her, or -their assessment by the space of ten days after demand, asafbre*i said, or convey any of his, her, or their goods, or other perfo-nal estate, whereby the sums of money so afletfedcannoc belro vied according to tnis aft; in every such case, any twoar marm distress, of- of the of aforesaid, for any city, county, or places committed.*are hereby authorized, by warrant under their hands and feais, -(except a peer to commit such person or persons (except a peer or peerefo of orpeerefs of Great Britain) to the common gaol, there to remain without Great Britain) or mainprize, until payment be made of the money a&fldd, -Tenants to and the charges for bringing in the same be paid* and no longer pay the tax, and the several and respective tenant and tenants of all houses, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in England? Wales? orBer* wick upon Tweed? which shall be rated by virtue of this- aft, are* hereby required and authorized to pay such sum or sums of-money, as shall be rated upon such houses, lands, tenements^ or hereditaments, and to deduct out of the relit so moch.of the and deduct so fate* as> in respect of the said rents of any such houses*-

much'out of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, the landlord Should and ought to pay and bear: and the said landlords, both mediate-and immediate, according to their respective interects, are.bereby> required to allow such deductions and payments, upon receipt of the residue of the rents.

XVI. And be it enacted and declared, That every tenant, paying the said assessment or assessments last-mentioned, shall be acquitted and discharged of so much money as the said assessment or assessments shall amount unto, as if the same had aftu* ally been paid unto such person or persons, to whom his relit shall have been due and payable: and if any difference shall a- rife between landlord and tenant, or any other, concerning the said rates in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed? the saidie-veral of, or any two or more of them, in their feve^ ral divisions, shall have, and they have hereby power to settle the same, as they shall think fit; and in case the proportions set cfs rocaufeall by this or any former act upon all and every the respective coua-deficiencies to ties, ridings, cities, towns, and places in England? Wales? and and^made^ upon Tweed? shall not be fully assessed, levied, and paid,

good?* C according to the true meaning thereof; or if any of the said afr feflments shall be rated or imposed upon any person not being of ability to pay the same, or upon any empty or void hotife or land, where the same cannot be collected, or levied, or that through any wilfulness, neglect, mistake, or accident, the said assessment charged on each county, riding, city, town, or place, as aforesaid, by virtue of this or any former act, happens not to be paid to the receiver general, his deputy or deputies, a&in this or any former act is directed; that then, and in all and every such case and cases, the several and respective of, af-

fefiors.

the rents.

Tenants discharged for what they so pay.

Commissioners to settle differences between land lord and tenant.

Commission

*37

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.

fcflow, and collectors aforesaid, and every of them respedi vely* arethcreby authorized and required to assess and re-assess, or caofe to bp assessed or re-assessed, levied, and paid, all and every fischTaixfcand fans of money, upon the respective divisions or hundreds .wherein such deficiency shall happen, or parishes tberdaa, act to the said of, or such number of them, asbythis ad are authorized to cause the said first assessment hereby required to be made, shall seem most agreeable to equity and jtiftice; the £aid new assessment to be made, collected, and paid* in: such manner, and by such means, as in this act for other assessments is declared and diroded.

XV1L And be it further enacted and declared by the autho- Assessor refa* rky aforesaid, That if any afleffor or collector, or other person or sing to serve, peefoos, shall wilfully neried or refuse to perform his or their10 fotkiU duty in the due and speedy execution of this present act, or shall excecdinK4*>'* he guilty of any fraud or abufe4n executing the same, the said re(pc£fcive of, or any three or more of them, have hereby power to impose on such person or persons, so neglecting or refusing his or their duties, or being guilty of such fraud or such fine or fines, as by them (nail be thought fit, so the same exceed not the sum of forty pounds; which said fines shall qot be taken off or discharged, but by the consent of the majo- pine net to be iky of the of who imposed the same, but shall be discharged levied by wairant under the hands and seals of the said com-but by com* miffiooefs, or any two or more of them, by distress and sale of ^kRonmmhm the good* and chattel* of the offenders, and in default of goods ^cUevied by and chattels (the offender not being a peer or peeress, as afore- distress or im-fiod) to be committed by warrant under the hands and seals of prisonment, die said of, or any two or more of them, to prison, there to remain till payment of the said fine; and all fines to be and paid into imposed by virtue of this act, in England, Wales, and Berwickthe exche-Mpen Tweed, shall be paid to the receivers-general, and by them <luc^, into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer; and shall be insert- and inserted ed in the duplicates in parchment fairly written, to be trans- in the dupli-mitted to the office of the King's remembrancer as aforesaid, cates* that the same may be thereby known, and charged in account.

XVIII. And be it further enacted and declared. That if any Collectors de-collector or collectors, that shall be* by virtue of this act, ap- timing the| pointed for the receipt of any sum or sums of money thereby "lon^y*to be to be assessed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall refuie or neglect to pay any sum or sums of money, which shall fejzed ^d be by him or them received, as aforesaid, and to pay the same fold, &c. as in this act is directed, or shall detain in his or their hands any money received by him or them, or any of them, and not pay the same, as by this act is directed; the said of of-each county, city, riding, or town respectively, or any two or more of them, in their respective divisions, are hereby authorized and impowered to imprison the person, and seize and secure the estate, as well freehold as copyhold, and all other estate, both real and personal, of such collector, to him belonging, or which shall defeend or come into the hands or possession of his

heirs.

t3 %

Commissioners to examine whether the /*rut aflkflfed be duly col-lested, &c.

In case of controversies in assessingcom-tnissioners, the €ommiflk>ners concerned to withdraw.

Anno primo Georgii III, c. [i?6q.

heirs, executors, or admlnjfttators, wheresoever the Amt <*ft be discovered or found; and the said cevnmMfonerf, who shall so seize or secure the eftijte of any cerfleftor or eolle&ert, (Half be and are hereby ifnpowered tp appoint a time fora'gsnetai meeting of the said of for such county, riding, eity, town, or place, and there to catsfe po^hek notice so be given of the place where such meeting shall beapptfhted; six days atleaft before such general meeting; and* theconwiissioners present et such general meeting, or the major part of them, in case the monies detained by any such cojleftor or collectors be not park! and satisfieds it ought to be, according to the directions of this act, shall he, and aje hereby impotyered and required so sell and dispose of all such estates, which shall be, for the carafe afore^ said, seized and fedured, or any paw of them, to fetkfy aiul pay into the hands of the receiver-general, or hk deputy, for such county, riding, or place, the (ufn which shall be detained in the hand; of such colteftor or cofteftors, their heirs, exceuJ tor$, or admimftrarprs respectively.

XIX And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it the etfpirat; on of the respective times in this act prescribed for'the full payment of the said quarterly assessments in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, the several and respective of, or any two or more of them, within their dm* fion or hundred, fb^ll, and are hereby required to call before them the collectots within each respective division or hundred* parish or place, and to examine and assure themfe4ve9, of the Full and whole payment of the particular sum and (urns of mo* ney charged upon the same division or hundred, and every pa* rim and place therein, and of the due return of the same kuo the hands of the respective receivers-general, thetr deputy or deputies, of the said counties, ridings, cities, towns, and places respectively, and by such receivers-general into tht receipt of his Majesty s exchequer $ to the end there may be no failure in the payment of any part of the jaflefTment, by virtue of this act to be assessed and paid, nor any arrears remaining chargeable upon any of the said counties, ridings, cities, towns, and places respectively; and in case of any failure in the premiflse, the said of, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to cause the same to be forthwith levied and paid, according to the true intenj and meaning of this act.; '/

XX. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That in case any controversy shall arise concerning the said assessments, or the dividing, apportioning, or payment thereof, which concerns.any of the of before by this act appointed, the commissioners so concerned in the said controversy, in their own right, or in the right of any other person for whom they shall act as steward, agent, attorney, Or folichor, shall have no voice, but shall withdraw at the time of the debate of liich controversy, until it be determined by the rest of the of; and in default thereof rhe of then present shall have power, and are hereby required to impose such jjme or fines, as to thetn

dull

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c.. 139

Audi he thought fit, upon such commissioner To refusing to with- In Aefeult to dfcsw, net exceeding twenty pounds, and tp cause the same to b^fned*"ot bfcteviodcond paid, as other fines to be impbfed by virtue of this*ve ad one to be levied and paid; and all epeftions and differences which shall arise touching any of the said rates, duties, or afield ments, iii England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, or the col* tiding thereof, shall be heard and finally determined by the said eomirnffioners, in such manner as by this act is directed, upon 00mplaint thereof made to them by any person or persons there-by.^rieyed, without further trouble, or suit in law, in his Ma-jpftyY court of King's Bench, or any other court whatsoever. crXXL And be it further efia&ed and declared. That no privi- privileged leged place or person, body politick or corporate, within the place or per-counties, ridings, cities, and towns aforesaid, in England, Wales, f°n exempt and Berwick upon Tweed, shall be exempted from the said aflefiV from ta*; toent, and taxes; but that they, and e* cry of them, and also all Fee farm fee^fann rents, and all other rents, payments, sum and sums rents. See. to of money, and annuities, lifting out of, or payable for any lands, be taxed, shall be liable towards the payment of every sum by this act to belated and levied; and all such tenants are herebydireded and authorized to pay them proportionably, according to the rates and.aflefiraents by this addireded and appointed; and all such Tenants to tenants shall be hereby saved and kept harinless, by the autho- pay the rate* my of this act, from any further payment of any fuen proportion of - ibch relit, rents, sums of money, or annuities, to any perfect or persons to whom any such relit, rents, sums of money, or annuities as aforesaid, mould or ought to be paid, to all in-testtsand purposes whatsoever, as fully and amply as if they had paid the same to any person or persons, to whom the same is or are reserved, -or become due.

-JtXII. Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall Colieges, te. extend to chaige any college or hall in either of the two univer- in the univer-fitiesof Onford and Cambridge, or the colleges of Windsor, Eaton, not

WinUn, or Westminster, or the corporation of the governors Gf char£c*: tkfe charity for the relief of the poor widows and children of clergymen, or the college of Bromley, or any hospital in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, for or in respect of the sites of the said colleges, balls, or hospitak, or any of the buildings within the walls or limits of the said colleges, halls, or hofpr-tali; or any mafier, fellow, or scholar or exhibitioner of any such college or hall, or any reader, officer, or matter of the said universitks, colleges, or halls, or any matters or uthers of any schools in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, for or in re-(pedof any stipend, wages, rents, profits, or exhibitions whatsoever, ariung or growing due to them, in respect of the said fevers! places or employments in the said universities, colleges, or fehools; or to charge any of the houses or landsv which on or nof tj, c before the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand fix houses or hundred and ninety three, did belong to the sites of any college lands which or hall in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or to Chrijrs before tb* fdojjpital, Smtlfartbolomew, Bridewell, Saint Thomasy add Bath* ^March*

lohem 169), did tw-

140 Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2'; [ifSo*

longtoChrUk'sJtbsm Hofpaals, in the city of London, and borough of South-Hoffital, &c* work, or any of them; or to the said corporation of the gover-ti^of37rgy* aors charity for re^of the poor widows and chil-mei>8 fons, dren of clergymen, or the college of Bromley; or shall extend to Bromley col- charge any other hospitals or alms-houses in England, Wales, or or Berwick upon Tweed, for or in respect only of any rents or reve-etherhoipiul, flucs^ on or before the said five and twentieth day of

March, one thousand six hundred and ninety three, were payable to the said hospitals or alms-houses, beiner to be received , and disbursed for the immediate use and relief of the poor of the

said hospitals and alms-houses only.

No tenants of XXIII. Provided, That no tenants, that hold and enjoy any hospitals, &e. lands or houses by lease or other grant from the said corporation, to claim any or any of tjlc faij hospitals or alms-houses, do claim or enjoy mP , 0P* any. freedom, exemption, or advantage by this ail; but that all the houses and lands, which they so hold, shall be rated and assessed for so much as they are yearly worth, over and above the rents reserved and payable to the said corporation, or to the said hospitals or alms-houses, to be received and disbursed for the immediate support and relief of the poor of the said hospitals and alms>houses.

Such tenants XXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained not discharg- shall be construed or taken to discharge any tenant of any the cd, who by houses or lands belonging to the said colleges, halls, or hof-lUted tooay P'ta*s> alms-houses, or schools, or any of them, who by their taxes. P y Icases, or other contracts, are and do (land obliged to pay and discharge all rates, taxes, and impositions whatsoever; but that they, and every of them, shall be rated, and pay all such rates, taxes, and impositions, any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Cora million

XXV. And in case any question hath been, or [hall be made, how ers to deter- far any lands or tenements belonging to any hospital or alms-house in mine how far England, Wales, or Berwick upon 7'weed, not exempted by tonaina tobC* name out of ou^ to aMeUed ttnd charged to the land tax;

hoipitals, See. he h enacted and declared, That the same shall be determined not exempted by the said of, or any three or more of them, or the major part of them then present, upon appeal before them at the day or days by them appointed, for the hearing and determining of appeals; whose determination in such case shall be final.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled, That all such lands, revenues, or rents, belonging to any hospital or alms-house, or settled to any charitable or pious use, as were assessed in the fourth year of the reign of their late majesties King N William and Queen Mary, shall be, and are hereby adjudged to be liable to be charged towards the payment of this present aid; and that no other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, revenues, or rents whatsoever, then belonging to any hospital or alms-house, or settled to any charitable or pious uses, as aforesaid, shall be charged, taxed, or assessed by virtue of this present act, towards the said fijm to be raised in England, Wales, and Berwick

by name, nghtto be charged.

All hospitals, lands, &c. a (Veiled by 4W.&M. liable to this aid, and no other.

1760: j

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.

upon Tweed, as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enabled, That all and Rccriver* <>f every auditors, reeves, receivers, and their deputies, who audit toTlIovT* or receive any fee-farm rents, or other chief rents (arising in 4S.'per pound England^ Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed) due to his Majesty, or to the parties, to any person or persons claiming by any grant or purchase without feeton from or under the crown, shall allow four shillings for every P00*oi pound of the said rents, and a proportional rate for any greater sum than ten shillings, to the party or parties paying the same, without any fee for such allowance, upon the penalty of twenty pounds to the party grieyed, to be recovered by action of debt, or upon the Case, together with full costs of salt j any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. And if any such^uditor of the revenues, or any of them, belonging to his Majesty, or any deputy, or any other person acting for or on the behalf of any such auditor shall, irtants insuper the account of any reeve, receiver, or otherwise, set insuper any fjrwhatought tenant or other person, or make any such tenant or other person, he allowed, or his or their*estate, liable to any distress, forfeiture, or vexation whatsoever, for any sum or Aims of money, which, by the true intent and meaning of this act, ought to be allowed after the rate of four shillings in the pound, or shall refuse, neglect, or delay to allow, and finally discharge the same in the proper accounts wherein the same ought to be allowed and dischargedj that then, and for every or any such offence, every such auditor, or deputy, or person acting for such auditor, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to the party grieyed, to be re- to forfeit 100U covered as aforesaid, and shall be incapable to enjoy his office or place, or any office or place of trust under his Majesty.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority such fee-farm

aforesaid, That the fee-farm rents, for which a deduction or al- rents only to lowance, after the rate of four shillings in the pound, is intended have an1-to be made by this present act, are such fee-farm rents only, as per^und, ^as are answerable to his Majesty, or have been purchased fromthte are answerable 'crown by virtue of two acts of parliament made in the two and to the crown, twentieth and three and twentieth years of the reign of the late P'M\

King Charles the Second, for and concerning the sale of fee- [*to " farms rents, or one of them, and which were not, on or before Car. a.

the five and twentieth day of March, one thousand six hundred and nineprthree, payable to any college, hospital, reader in either university, or any other person or persons before exempted by this act; provided such deduction or allowance do not exceed the sum assessed by virtue of this act, upon the whole estateor estates, out of which such purchased fee-farm relit or rents doth or do issue; and the owners and receivers of such fee-farm rents shall The owners

and are hereby required, oh payment of such rents, to allow four ^me^o the

shillings for every twenty shillings of the fald rents, and so in p^rty paying.

proportion for any sum not less than ten shillings, to the party or F

parties paying the same; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Lifts of pensions, &c. to be delivered gratis to the assessors.

5iii, to be opt in the exchequer.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. [i /&>

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the officers in the receipr of his Majesty's exchequer, and in other the publick offices, upon request to them made by the respective assessors, shall deliver gratis true lifts or accounts of all pensions, annuities, stipends, or other annual payments, and of all fees, salaries, aria other'allowances, payable at the said receipt, or in the said publick offices, to any commissioner or of, officer or officers, for the execution of this act, for the better guidance of the said Taxeson pen. assessors in the charging of the same. And that in all cases fions, &c. not where any pensions, annuities, stipends, or other yearly payments, or the fees, salaries, wages, or other allowances or profits charged by this act, shall be payable at the receipt of the exchequer, or by the cofferer of his Majesty's houshold, or out of any other publick office, or by any of his Majesty's receivers or paymasters in England, WaleSy or Berwick upon Tweed, the tax or payment, which in pursuance of this act shall be charged for or in respect of such annuities, pensions, stipends, fees, salaries9 wages, allowances, or profits, shall and may (in case of nonpayment thereof) be detained and stopt out of the same, or out of any money which shall be paid upon such pensions, annuities, stipends, fees, salaries, wages, allowances, or profits, or for arrears thereof, and be applied to the satisfaction of the rates and duties not other wise paid as aforesaid; and the proper officers in A true account the said exchequer, and other the publick offices aforesaid, shall to be kept of keep true accounts of all monies stopt, and (upon request) shall give copies of such accounts to the proper collectors of such monies, for the respective parishes or places where the said monies are assessed by this act.

Persons to be

XXX. Provided, That where any person inhabiting within taxed in the the city, of Londwty or any other city or town corporate of Eng-parish wheie landy WaleSy or Berwick upon Tweed, hath his dwelling-house m they dwell. onC Gf the parishes or wards therein, and hath any goods, wares, or merchandizes, in any one or more of the other parishes or wards within the same, that then such person shall be taxed, charged, and assessed for such his goods and merchandizes, in the parishor ward where he dwelleth, and not elsewhere, within the said city or town corporate.

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, That no clause or proviso in this act shall extend to the lessening or abatement of the full sum appointed by this act to be taxed, collected, levied, and paid, but that the same be fully assessed, levied, collected, and paid, in the several and respective counties, cities, and towns aforesaid, in Enghndy WaleSy and Berwick upon Tweed, in such manner and form, and to such uses, as herein is before mentioned and declared*

XXXII. Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall tw^Und^*^con^ruc<^to alter, change, or determine, or make void any krd and t*- contracts, covenants, or agreements whatsoever between land-nant, touching lord and tenant, or any other persons, touching the payment of taxes not to taxes, and assessments, in England, JValeSy and Berwick upon Tweed % any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And

the money stopt*

No provision to lessen the full sum by this act to be levied.

be avoided.

lyGo.) Anno primo Georgii IIJ, c. i. 143

XXXIIL-Provided always, and be it further enacted and 4c- All places to dared by the, authority aforesaid, That fur the avoiding all ob- Fa^iWtSfr^'. (irudtiont and delays in assessing and coftecting the sums by this lu y act to be rated and assessed upon any manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes, or other hereditaments, all places, cooftablewicks, . diyiliOns, and allotments, which have been used to be taxed and a defied, shall pay and be assessed, in fuel) county, hundred, rape, wapentake, cortftablewick, division, or place of allotment within.

England Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed\ as the same have heretofore been usually assessed in, and not elsewhere.

XfcXIV. Provided tieverthriefs, That the hundred of West WestBarnfidd Bare field, formerly taxed or assessed in the lathe of Alt ford in the ?° a|rc^cd county of Relit* may for the future (ifthecommissioners think fit) be "I sk ray* com' rated and assessed in the lathe of Skrcty in the county aforesaid; Kent.* as likewise may the tithing of Northmore in the county of Oxford. Northmore, be assessed in the hundred Of Bampton In thb said county; and c°m' °xon* in the tithingfc of Gharlbury, Foliar, and Finflock, in the hundred of ChadUngton in the said county; as also the whole town and pa* in Chadltng-ri(h of Leeds in the county of York, in the hundred of Sky rack in ton. the said county; and the pfcrish of Gmberjley in the County of p^*-^?* Worcester, in the lowerdivision of Oswaldjlm hundred in the said 1, 1^.

county; and the parish of Aldetnajlvt, in the eastern division of Omberfley, Oswaldfiow hundred in the said county; and the parish of Yardley com] Worcef in Bronfgrcve division of Halfshire hundred in the said county;er> and the forelt of Chute shall be assessed and pay where the same Aidcm^tton, in waS assessed to the first aid of four shillings in the pound, granted Oswaldfiow* to their late majesties King William and Queen Mary; and that hundred, the parish of Upton upon Severn, in the county of Worcester^ for- Partlh ofYard-mferly taxed and assessed id the lowerdivision of Oswaldfiow hun- fhfrehundred, dred in the said County, may for the future, if the of Forelt of Chare* think fit, bt taxed and assessed in the lower division of Perfiore where the fiilt hundred in the said county; and also the profits of the naviga- +s-a*4 wa* tien of the rivers Calder aha Ayre, in the west riding of the* inPer* County of York, shall be assessed and paid, one moiety thereof at (bore hundred, the town of Wakefield, and the other moiety at the town of Leeds, Calder and and not elsewhere. £?Tu'c\a a

XXXV. And whereas the palace of Somerset House has been u- Lcc(£ e dan fually rated and assessed'within the liberty of the dutchy of Lancaster, in the Strand, but the inhabitants and occupiers of apartments and buildings, within and belonging to the said palace^ have evaded or re- fu/ed the payment of the said rates, to the prejudice of the proprietors and owners of lands -and buildings within the said liberty \ now it is hereby enacted and declared. That all and every the inhabitants Inhabitants of and occupiers of apartments and buildings, within and belonging apartments, to the said palace, shall be liable to, and charged with, the pay-c-n ?°mer* ibent of such rates and assessments as shall be set upon them re- a&fftcMit spectively, in proportion to the rates and assessnaents that shall the same pro* be made and assessed upon other the lands and buildings within portion with the said liberty, and that the same powers and remedies shall he th°fe made ufc for the assessing, levying, and collecting such rates and c* 1 crty'

General issue.

Treble costs.

Where lands, Zee. are unoc

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. [1760.

aflcffments, as are by*this act given for the affelling, levying, and collecting the rates and dqries thereby directed to be raised.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action, plaint, suit, or information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons, for what he or they do in pursuance or execution of this act, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, such person or persons, so sued in any court whatsoever, shall and may plead the general issue, not guilty; and upon issue joined, may give this act, and the special matter, in evidence; and if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer a discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against him, the defendants shall recover treble costs, for which they shall have the like remedy, as in cases where costs by law are given to defendants.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any lands or houses in any parish, place, or constablewick, in Woles, ox Berwick upon Tweed, shall be unoccupied, tSSJS an<*no can f°un(l on same, by reason whereor the distrain at any feid parish, place, or constablewick, is forced to pay and make time after. good the tax assessed upon such lands lying unoccupied; that then it shall and may be lawful at any time after, for the collectors, constables, or tythingmen of the said parish, place, or constablewick, for the time being, to enter and distrain upon the lands or houses, when there shall be any distresses thereupon to be found; and the distress and distresses (if not redeemed within four days, by payment of the tax and charge of the distress) to fell, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners of such distress; and the said collector, const able, or ty thingman, is hereby enjoined todistributethc money raised by the said distress and sale, proportionably, to the parties who contributed to the tax of the unoccupied lands or houses.

Wood ma be

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where cut dowivand any wood lands in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall fold fordiftrefs. be assessed, and no distress can be had, that in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for any cblle&or, constable, headborough, or tythingman, by warrant under the hands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of that hundred or division, at season-able times of the year, to cut and fell to any person or persons so much of the wood growing on the said woods lands so assessed (timber trees excepted) as mall pay the assessment or assessments so behind and unpaid, and the charge incident thereunto; and that it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons, and his or their assigns, to whom such wood shall be sold, to fell, cut down, dispose, and carry away the same to his own use, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner; any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any tax or assessment shall be charged or laid on any tithes, such tolls as are chargeable by this a St, profits of markets, fairs, or fisheries, or any other annual profits, in Eng*

fc£ed aJid* tod*

fold.

(Timber trees except ed)

Tithes, tolls, Zee. not paid within 6 days

v?6o.J Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. 145

WaleSy or Berwick upon Tweed, not distrainable, in case the same shall not be paid within six days after such assessment so charged or laid, or demanded, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the collector, constable, or other officer thereunto appointed, by warrant under the hands and fealg of any two or more of the of authorized by this act, to seize, take, and fell so much of the said tithes, wheresoever they can be found, tolls, or other profits, so charged, as shall besufficient for the levying the said tax or assessment, and all the charges occasioned by such nonpayment thereof, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner.

XL. Andy for the better preventing such unjust vexations as might be occajionei by such perfrns as shall be appointed receivers-general of any of the sums of money granted by this ably to beraised so England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed; and to the intent the said re-ceivers-general may return a true account into his Majesty's court of exchequer, of any sum or sums of moneyas shall be received by them, and every of themy their and every of their deputy or deputies; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such receiver- Receiver-ge-general shall return, or certify into the said court, any fam or ?cral return-futrts of money to be in arrear, and unpaid, after the same have ^ho h^ve^aid been received, either by such receiver-general, or his deputy or the tax, to be deputies, or any of them, or shall cause any person or persons, or in arrear, places, to he set infupery in the said court, for any sum or sums of money that have been lb received, that then every such re- £orfeitl ceiver-general shall be liable to pay to every person or persons damages to that shall be mojested, vexed, or damaged, by reason of any the party such unjust certificate, return, or setting infupery treble the da- gncvcd* mage that shall be thereby bccafioned, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information; in which no efioin, pro-'k* M.tedtion, or wager of law, shall be allowed, of any more than one f^double* imparlance; and shall also forfeit to his Majesty, his heirs, and the sum so re* successors, double the sum that shall be so unjuftiy certified, or turned, returned, or caused to be set insuper.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of that shall be within any county, city, Commissioners

or place, within the respective limits of England, Wales, or Ber- tile

wick upon Tweed, or the major part of them, shall tax and assess every assessor within their divisions, for all and singular the

matters and things for which by this act he ought to be taxed and assessed; and all sums assessed upon every the said assessors, and the aflellments made and (et by the afieflors aforesaid, shall be written, eftrea^ed, levied, and gathered, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XLU. Provided also, That no person inhabiting in anycity, None compd-boroogh, or town corporate, in England, WaleSy or Berwick led to be ar. upon Tweed, shall be compelled to be an afleftor or collector of or out °C for any part of the rates and assessments hereby granted, in any the city Jw. place or places out of the limits of the said city, borough, or town corporate.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every rate, tax.

*46 Anno primo Georgii III. c. a, [1766.

Affetfmenti on ta*, and aflcflinent, which shall be made or imposed by virtue of l^isn rc*Pc<^ any house or tenement which an ambafla-be^aid bySthc dor* resident, agent, or other publick minister of any foreign landlords. prince or Rate, now doth, or hereafter shall inhabit or occupy, shall be paid by the landlord or owner of the said houses or te- nements respectively.

In places ex-

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* traparochial That in all privileged and other places, being extraparochial, or to^ominate1^* not within the constable wicks or precincts of the respcCfive af-assessors and fe(Tors, to be appointed by virtue of this act, in EnglandWales* collectors. See. or Berwick upon Tweed (although in any monthly or other tax they hive not been rated heretofore) and in all parishes where two able and sufficient inhabitants cannot be found, the said com* missioners, or any two or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint two or more fit persons, living in or near the said privileged or other places as a* foresaid, to be assessors for the said places, and to make and re* turn the said assessments, in like manner as by this act is ap* pointed in any parish, tything, or place; and also to appoint two or more collectors, who are hereby required to collect and pay the same in manner appointed by this act for the collecting and paying all the aforesaid sums or money chargeable by this act.

No commifli-

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the ati-oner, lia- thority aforesaid, That no commissioner, aflester, or collector, ble to any o. who (nail be employed in the execution of this act, in England, than^uch a*64 or Berwick upon Tweed, shall be liable, for or by reason

are inflicted of such execution, to any penalty or penalties, other than such by this act. as by this act are or may be inflicted for or by reason of such execution.

Commissioners not to act without taking the oaths by x Geo. 1. it c.

Acting before oaths taken, forfeit aool.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person shall be capable, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, of acting as a commissioner in the'execution of this act, or executing any the powers therein contained (unless it be the power hereby given of administering oaths) until such time as he shall have taken the oaths appointed by the act of parliament made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First (intituled. An act for the further security of his Majestfs person and government, and the succession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being protestants; and for extingui/bing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and fecrot abettors ; ) which oaths it shall and may be lawfaJ for any two or more of the of to administer, and they are hereby required to administer the same to any other of the said coramii-(ioners.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if ahy person hereby appointed a commissioner for any county, cky, town, or place, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act, before he shall have taken the oaths which by this act he is required

1760.]| Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.

quired to take, and in manner hereby prescribed, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the Aim of two hundred pounds.

XLVIII. Provided also, That every person in, Officer* to pay

Wain, or Berwick upon Tweed, rated or afleifcd for his office or employment, shall berated and pay for his said office or employ*p 7'ment, in the county, city, or place, where the same shall be exercised, although the revenue or profiis arising by such office or employment are payable ehewhere.

XLIX. Provided always, That the right honourable the ma* Officer* in fter of the roils, the matters in chancery, fix clerks, clerks of the petty bag, examiners, registers, clerks of the inrolments, clerks ron5 liberty.*of the affidavit and fubpxna offices, and all other the officers of the court of chancery, that execute their offices within the liberty'of the rolls, shall there be assessed for their respective offices, salaries, and other profits, and not elsewhere; and that all annui-? ^£Ends*/?nfJ Pfofion8'*!& % to any officers in respetft their offices, shall be taxed and ailefled where such officers are rated and assessed for their offices, and not elsewhere; and that pe all other petitions, Aipends, and annuities, in England, Wales, where paya-and BerwickupmYwtedn not charged upon lands, shall be charged ble. and assessed in the pariftrts or places where they are payable; and every person who is or shall be rated in England, Wales, or Ber- Personal e-wick upon Tweed, for or in respect of any personal estate to him re(U or her any ways belonging, shall be rated at such place where &c. " he or she shall be resident at the time of the execution of this adit; and all persons not being housholders, nor having a cer- Perfomnot tain 'place of residence, shall be taxed at the place where they housholders shall be resident at the time of the execution of this act; and if XbfentCper-nt# any person who ought to be taxed in England, Wales, or Ber- fon8 to be rat-wiek upon Tweed, by virtue of this act, for or in respect of his ed where they personal estate, shall, at the time of his assessmeot, be out of l*ft rc6-the realm, such person shall be rated therefore in such county, denta city, or place, where he was last abiding within this realm.

L. Provided, That where any person shall have any goods* Good8£C to wares, or merchandizes, in any county or counties, other than be assessed the county where he shall be resident, or had his last residence, where they it shall be lawful at any time before the twenty fourth day ofbc-August one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to rate and assess such person for such goods, wares, and merchandizes, in any county or counties where the same shall be; and every person who shall be rated and afiefled for or in respect of any manors, messuages, lands, or tenements, or other the premises, according to the former clauses of this act, shall be rated and afiefled in the places where such manors, messuages, lands, and tenements, and other the premisses respectively do lie, and not elsewhere.

LL Provided always, That if any person or persons, by rea- Person* dou-son of his, her, or their having several mansion-houses, or places bly rated, dif-of residence, or otherwise, shall be doubly charged for any per- charged on fond estate, offices, or otherwise, by occasion of this act; then comficate* upon certificate made by any two or more of the of

148

Anno primo Georgii III. c.2.

[1760.

charged treble.

for the county, riding, city, or place, of his, her, or their last personal refidenee, under their hands and seals, of the sum or sums charged upon him, her, or them (which certificate the said of are hereby required to give without delay, fee or reward) and upon oath made of such certificate before any justice of the peace of the county or place where the said certificates shall be made (which oath the said justice of the peace is hereby authorized and required to administer) then the person or persons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall be so certified, be discharged in every other county, city, or place in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed.

Not to extend ^IL Provided also, That this act shall not extend to the into Scotland, habitants of Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey, for assessing Ireland, Jer- any such personal estate, which they, or any to their use, have, fey or Gueriv within those places, for or towards the said sum hereby charged upon England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, as aforesaid; and Persons avoid-^any P^011 ^at ought to be taxed by virtue of this act, in ing the tax, England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, for or in respect of his personal estate, shall by changing his place of residence, or by any other frajud or covin, escape from the taxation, and not be taxed, and the same be proved before the of, or any two or more of them, or before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county where such person d welleth or refideth, at any time within one year next after such tax made, every person that shall so escape from the taxation and payment, shall be charged (upon proof thereof) at treble the value of so much as he Should or ought to have been charged at by this act; the said treble value, upon certificate thereof made into the exchequer by the of, justice or justices (before whom such proof shall be made) to be levied on the goods, lands, and hereditaments of such persons.

Housholders to LIII. And, for the better discovery of personal estates intended give an ac- to be charged by this act, be it further enacted by the authority €*\mt of their, aforesaid. That every hou (holder in England, Wales, or Berwick lodgers, upon <fwee^ shal), upon demand of the aflefiorsof therespective parishes or places, give an account of the names and qualities of such persons as shall sojourn or lodge in their respective houses, under the penalty of forfeiting to his Majesty the sum of five pounds, to be levied and recovered in such manner as any other penalty in this act mentioned shall and may be levied and recovered.

Share* in the LIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That New River, all and every person and persons having any share or shares, or &c. to p: y 4*. interect, in any fresh stream or running water brought to the per pound, north parts of London, commonly called the New River, or in the Thames water-works, or in Mary-bone, or in Hampstead water-works, or in any rents of profits arising thereby; and all and every person or persons having any share or interest in any office or flock for insuring of houses in case of fire, or in any lights, or in the flock or flocks for printing of books in or belonging to the house commonly called The King's printing pouse, shall pay

on forfeiture

ot 5I.

Share* in the Fire Office*, and in the Lights, and

1760.]^ Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. 149

for the lame the sum of four shillings for every twenty shillings the King's of. the full yearly value thereof, towards the said sum hereby ^c, nf0 charged upon England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and they, °

and all companies of merchants in London, and the bank of Eng- Merchants, land, and all salaries and pensions (taxable in London) arising and Bank of Eng-payable at the general post-office and excise-office, charged by this , a"4> P?ft* ad, shall be assessed by the commissionersnominated and appointed 0 c*Ca for the said city, or any two or more of them, for their respective shares and interests aforesaid, and the aforesaid joint (lock or flocks, and for such salaries and pensions; and the same shall be paid by the governors or the respective treasurers or receivers to be paid by of the said river waters and water works, and of the said offices the governors, and flocks respectively, to such person or persons as the said of, or any two or more of them, shall appoint to collect the same, and be deducted at and out of their next dividend; and every person having any salary in respect of any office dr employment exercised in the ward of London where the said pod office is situated, shall be assessed and pay for the same in the same ward the said rate of four shillings in the pound towards the iaid sum by this act charged upon England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed.

LV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any of the said go- Governors, vemors, treasurers, or receivers of the said river waters, water of the works, offices, or flocks respectively, shall, upon demand to ^dw^lr-S* any of them respectively made by the proper collector or col- works, refus-ledors, refuse or neglect to pay the respective sum or sums of ing to pay, money whereat all and every the said person and persons having Jhe collectors any share or shares, or interect, in any of the said river waters, ^v^hc7ttm° water works, offices, or flocks respectively, shall be respectively by distress and rated and assessed, then, and in all and every such case and cases, sale. it shall and may be lawful to and for the said collector or collectors, or any of them, and he, they, and every of them, is and are hereby authorized and required to levy the sum so assessed, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels jointly belonging to, or held trust for, the persons who shall have such shares or interests in respect whereof such assessment shall be demanded, and refused as aforesaid, rendering the overplus, if any shall be (the charges of such distress and sale being first deduded) to the governor, treasurer, or receiver of the said river waters, watef works, offices, or flocks respectively.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every papist, or reputed papist, in England, Wales, or papilU v* Berwick upon Tweed, being at the age of eighteen years and up- years of a-c wards, who shall not have taken the oaths mentioned and re- not.tiJc1^quired to be taken by an act made in England., in the first year of the reign of King William and Qyeen Alary, intituled, An double; act for abrogating the oaths of supremacy and allegiance, and appointing other oaths, shall yield and pay to his Majesty double the sums and rates, which, by force and virtue of any clause in this act before mentioned and contained, he or they Should or ought

150

Unless taken within todays after the of first meeting.

Persons 18 years of age refuting the oaths, to pay double.

CommWHooers to summonv suspected persons, See.

Quakers to

subscribe the declaration a W. Sc M.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. [tj6o.

to pay and be charged with, to be assessed, levied, collected, answered, and paid, in such manner, by such ways and mearse, and according to such rules and directions, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as are before in this act expressed or appointed, for and concerning the above mentioned rates and sums.

LVII. Provided nevertheless, That if any such papist, or reputed papist, within ten days after the first meeting of the said of, in the respective counties or places where he or she ought to be taxed or assessed, according to the intent of this present act, shall take the said oaths before any two or more of the said of (which oaths the said tWoor more of the said of are hereby impowered to administer) in that case he or they shall not be liable to be doubly assessed as aforesaid.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person, being of the age or eighteen years, and upwards, and being in England, Wales* or Berwick upon Tweed, at the time of the execution of this act, who shall not before that time have taken the oaths mentioned and required to be takeh by the said last mentioned act, and upon summons by warrant under the hands and seals of any two or more of the said of, shall i*efufe to take the said oaths at the time appointed in the said warrant, or shall neglect to appear at such time before the said of, in order to take the said oaths (which the said of, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to administer) shall yield and pay unto his Majesty double the sums and rates, which, by force and virtue of any clause of this act before mentioned and contained, he or she Should or ought to pay or be charged with, in manner as is before in this present act appointed, touching papists, or reputed papists.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That any two or more of the said of appointed by this act in the respective counties, cities, towns, and other places in England, JVatesy or Berwick uponTweed, upon information, or upon any cause of suspicion in that behalf, shall and are hereby required and impowered to cause every such person suspected (or against whom such information shall be given) to be summoned to appear to take the said oaths, as aforesaid.

LX. Provided nevertheless, That whereas certain persons, dissenters from the church of England^ commonly called ghtakers9 and now known to bp such, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, do scruple the taking of any oaths, it shall be sufficient for any such persons to make and subscribe the like declaration of fidelity to his Majesty, as was contained in an act made in the parliament held in the first year of the reign of their latema-jesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for exempting their Majesties pr defiant subjects, dissenters from the church ef England, from the penalties of certain laws: which declaration any two or more of the of appointed for the executing

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.'s$ t

of this a A arc hereby required and bn powered to administer; and every such person, so doing, shall not be liable to, or charged with, any of the double rates aforesaid.

LXL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases Where any assessbror assessors, who by this Commissionera act are required to make double assessments upon papists, or ^au reputed papists, or other persons, for not taking the oaths a- where aflef-forefiud, shall neglect to do his or their duty therein; the re- fort omit, spe&rve com midi oners of the county, riding, hundred, division, pr place, where such double assessments ought to have been made, or any two or more of them, shall take care, and are hereby authorized and required to cause such papists, or other persons, to be doubly charged, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the Tenants dik owners of any lands, tenements, and hereditaments, are liable double rates? to be doubly charged as papists, or reputed papists, by reason of their not having taken the oaths according to the true intent of this act; in every such case such owners only shall be charged x with, and pay the said double rates; and the respective tenants of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, are hereby discharged of and from the same; any covenant for payment of taxes, or other agreement to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the prison of the King's Bench, prison King's bench, house, lands, gardens, and common side, and all the rents, marshalsea offices, profits, and perquisites of the marshal, and all other Prifo"*&c#.to officers, of the King95 Bench prison; and also the prison house, ^jnt Georlre'f lands, and gardens of the prison of the marshal, and of the mar- parish, &c. Jbalfea prison, and all offices, perquisites, and profits of the*marshalsea court and prison, lying and being in the parish of Saint George the Martyr in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surry, and the judges of the said court, and all counsellors and attornies pradtising, or having a right to prafUfe in the said court, and all profits and fees accruing to them, or any of them respectcively, shall be charged and assessed to the assessment in the parish of Saint George aforesaid, and not else-wherp, at and after the rate of four shillings in the pound; any thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any officer or officers belonging to the said prisons, Ofkccn of tbt

shall neglect or refuse to pay the sum or Turns of money, which marshalOra shall be rated and assessed upon them, or any of them, by virtue of this act, any two or more of the of appointed by this act, for the said county of Surry % shall and may certify, by writing, under their hands and seals, such neglect or refufaf, and the sum payable by virtue of this act, to the of for executing this act, in the county or place where such officer or officers reside; and any two or more of such of Collectors by

are hereby authorized and required, upon receipt of such certifi- 'varram from

pate, by warrant under their hands and seals, to authorize and commi<Tbne*-i

T J.may ailrrain.

*52 Anno primo Georgii III. c.2. [1760.

impower the respective collectors of the parish or place where such officer or officers resute, to didrain the goods and chattels of such officer or officers; and the didrefs or distresses so made, to detain and keep for the space of four days; and if such officer or officers do not pay the said sum or sums of money, for which such didrefs shall be made as aforesaid, within the space of four days, that then the ftidgood sand chattels fodistrained as aforesaid, shall and may beappraised and sold by two such honed and sufficient persons, as the said of, who shall sign the said warrant, shall nominate and appoint; and the monies arising thereby shall be paid to the colte&ors of the said paridi of Saint George, for. and towards satisfaction of the said sum or sums of money; and the surplus (if any be) shall be returned to the owner of the said goods, after the charge of the said didrefs and IF no goods k*e be deducted: but in case no goods or chattels of any sufficient, of- such officer or officers can be found, sufficient to make good the Acer to be im- sum or sums of money so a(Te(Ted, or to be assessed upon him or prisoned. them as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the said of, by warrant under their hands and seals to the respective collectors, or such person or persons as they shall think (it, to cause the person or persons of such respective officer or officers of the said prisons, neglecting or refusing to pay as aforesaid, to be apprehended and taken, wherever he or they can or may be found, and to be committed to the common gaol, where he or they shall happen to be taken, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until payment shall be made as aforesaid of the sum or sums of money so charged or assessed upon them as aforesaid, with the charges of such prosecution as aforesaid, to be allowed by the said of, or any two or more of them; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Fleet prison to

LXV\ Provided also, That the prison of the Fleet, prison-be assessed in house, lands, gardens, and the common (ide, and all the rents, St. Bride's. profits, and perquisites of the office of warden of the Fleet, lying and being in the parish of Saint Bridget, alias Bride's London, shall be charged and assessed to the assessment in the said parish of Saint Bridget, alias Bride's London, and not elsewhere; any thing in' this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Officers at

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Stoke Damrel, That the officers of his Majesty's dock yard now at Stoke Dam-near Ply rel, near Plymouth, shall be assessed upon this act, for the salaries mouth, to be and other profits, within the town and parish of Plymouth, where the towiTof1111 kWcs of the old dock yard at Plymouth, in the year one Plymouth, &c. thousand six hundred and ninety three, were assessed, and nqt elsewhere; so as the full proportion which was assessed upon the said town and parifliof Plymouth, in the said year one thouf&nd six hundred and ninety three be again assessed thereon by virtue of this act, and so as the said parish of Stoke Damrel be not charged with a greater proportion, in respect of the said salaries and profits, than they were in the said year one thousand six hundred

*53

and ninety three; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Water-w^kt authority aforesaid, That all the water-works in the borough of "

Southwark shall be rated and assessed in the said borough of Surry. Southwark^ and not elsewhere, by the of and assessors of the county of Surry, and not by the of and assessors of the city of London, and that the said water-works Ije assessed according to the clear yearly profits thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Water-works waterworks in the city and liberty of Westminster9 shall be in Westminster rated and assessed by the of and assessors of the city assessed and liberty of Westminster, and not by the of and assessors of the city of London \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIX. Provided always, That all offices and places, which offices, &c. in were rated and assessed within the palaces of Whitehall and Saint Whitehall and James, in and for the years one thousand seven hundred and St. James's, to three, and one thousand seven hundred and four, or either of )^fcj}crc them (except such as are exempted by this act) shall be rated and le c assessed within the said palaces, and in no other place whatsoever.

LXX. And be it enacted and declared by the authority afore- CoUeftors of laid. That the respective persons who have received or collected, or shall receive or collect, the yearly profits of the water works chestercharge-within the town of Colchester, in the county of EJfexy for the able, time being, shall be, ana are hereby charged and chargeable with the payment of the tax that shall be assessed on the said profits respectively by this act, to be levied in such manner as other aids and assessments in and by this act are directed; and the re-foedive persons so charged as aforesaid, and paying the same,

shall be allowed the same on the respective accounts by their respective employers or proprietors for the time being; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

(rXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Collectors for That such person or persons as collect and receive the yearly the water-profits of the water-works within the borough of New Windsor windsor NcW in the county of Berks, shall be, and are hereby charged and chw?gcable. changeable with the payment of the tax that shall be assessed on the said profits, to be levied in such manner as other aids and assessments in and by this act are directed and appointed.

LXXII. And it is hereby declared, That in all places where Patent officers any the patent officers of the several bishops, or any of them, to bishopricks in England and Wales, were assessed, and did pay for their respec- pay where

tive offices qr employments of profit relating to the said bishop- m ricks, unto or for the said aid of four shillings in the pound, in 9'the year one thousand six hundred and ninety three, the same refoedive offices and employments of profit under the present bishops, or relating to the said bishopcicks, or any of them, and the patent officefs therein, shall be jweffed and chargeable in the

Anno primo Georgii III. c.z. [1760.

same parishes and places respectively, and none other, towardo the sum to be raised by this act, to his Majesty's use.

Commission-

LXXIII. Provided always, and it it hereby enacted, That ert appointed the proportion, which at the first general meeting of the com-fub^iSneUt m^loners for the county of Middlesex, shall pursuant to this the parish of he laid upon that part of the pariln of Saint Andrew Holborn, St. Andrew which is in the said county, shall be equally raised therein, with-Hdhyro* hi out being subdivided into two proportions, or making any di-Middlesex. ftinftion between that part above the bars, and that part below the bars: and that in the subdivision of of to act for the several hundreds and divilions in the said county, a number of of shall be appointed to act accordingly for all that part of the said parish of Saint Andrew, which fieth in the said county.

The parish of

LXXIV. Provided always* and it is hereby enacted, That St.GeorgeHa- the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the city and liberty of Westminfer, fall, in the execution of this act, be with chargeable with a distinct sum or Shota, separate from that of

Quota from the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields: and if any controversy the panih of shall arise among the of concerning the said S^ota, the ^Fields*1 "*^t*lc apportioning thereof out of the joint jfW* of the firm two Debates arif- Pariftw 5 the of who are inhabitants of, or have any ing concern- concern or interest in, either of the said two parishes, shall have ing the joint no voice, but shall withdraw at the time of the debate of such ^°U'ffion controversy, until it be determined by the rest of the commis-whoaremb" fi°nefs5 and in default thereof, the of then present, bitants of who do not inhabit, nor have any interest or concern in either cither parish of the said two parishes, shall have power, and are hereby re-t° quired, to impose such fine or fines as by them shall be thought

afum not ex- upon every commissioner so retufing to withdraw, not ceeding aol. exceeding twenty pounds; and to cause the same to be levied and paid as other fines to be imposed by virtue of this act are to be levied and paid.

The parishes LXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by theau-of St. John* thority aforesaid. That the parishes of Saint John, Saint Peter, Ber^ngton/ aiM* Berchington, in the isle of Thane t, within the liberty of to be charged Dover, shall be deemed and taken to be a distinct division within in Dover liber- the said liberty; and in execution of this act, shall be charged t+*CC°Sfcirg towards making up the whole sum charged on the town of Dover, mentlw.&M.*^erty thereof, according to the proportion which was

assessed on the said parishes, by virtue of an act of parliament paired in the fourth year of the reign of their late majesties King WiU liammd Queen Mary, intituled, An act for granting to thetr Ma-jejties an aid of four shillings in the pound, for tarrying on a vigorous war against Prance, and not otherwise. And all of, collectors, head-collectors, and receivers, are hereby required and enjoined to apply rhemfelvej with all diligence to the roost speedy and effectual execution of theirseveral and respective duties, and to use their utmost endeavours, that all estates, and other things herein charged, may fully and duly pay the rates and rteilme nts, according to the directions of this a<$, and So as

1760.3 Anno primo Georgii III. c.i. 155

his Majesty's service herein may not be delayed or hindered through any of their wilful n eg left or default.

LxXVI. Provided, That no poor person shall be charged Land* not with or liable to the pound-rate imposed by this act upon lands, worth 20#* tenements, or hereditaments, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon j* Jh ar Tweed* whose lands, tenements, or hereditaments, are not of the able. full yearly value of twenty shillings in the whole.

LXXvII. And be it further enacted, That if any collector Colleftori of any oari(h or place in England, Wales, or Berwick upon ni^i^t^Lr Tweed, shall keep in his hands any part of the money by him hands, to for-collected for any longer time than is by this act directed (other feit 401. than the allowance made unto him by this act) or shall pay any part thereof to any person or persons, other than the receiver-general of such county or place, or to his respective deputy; every such collector shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty pounds. And in case any receiver-general of any part Rccei?er of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or his deputy, shall nera| mifapL- pay any part of the monies paid to him or them by any collect- plying the or, by virtue of this act, to any person or persons whatsoever, monie* to far-other than into the receipt v>f his Majest/s exchequer, and atfeit 500i* or within the respective times limited by this act; or in case any such receiver-general of any part of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or his deputy, shall pay any part of the said monies by any warrant of the high treasurer, of of the treasury, or under-treasurer for the time being, or upon any tally of Pro, or tally of anticipation, or other way or device whatsoever, whereby to divert or hinder the actual payment thereof into the receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid; then every such receiver-general shall, for every such offence of himself, or his deputy, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds to him or them that shall sue for the same, in any court of record, by bill, plaint, or information; wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law is to be allowed.

LXX VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the high Commission-treasurer, or of of the treasury, or under treasurer rs fth for the time being, or any of them, do not direct any warrant no^to^ivert to any of the collectors or receivers-general in England, Wales, the payment* or Berwick upon Tweed, or their deputies, for the payment of any into the ex-pars of the monies hereby given to any person or persons, chequer* other than into the receipt of the exchequer, as aforesaid*nor shall they, or any of them, direct any warrant to the officers of the exchequer for (triking any tally ot Pro, or tally of anticipation, nor do any matter or thing whereby to divert the actual # payment of the said monies into the receipt of the exchequer; nor shall the officers of the exchequer strike, or direct, or record the (hiking of any tally of Pro, or tally of anticipation, upon any of the said monies, upon any account or warrant whatsoever; nor shall any teller throw down any bill, whereby to charge himself with any of the said monies, until he shall have actually received the same.

LXXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no stay of

pro-

156

No Noli profc-qui, &c.in any iuit against this act.

Commissioners to abate where lands are overcharged,

and to re-af. fess, Sec,

or raise it on

persons undercharged.

Receiver-ge. neral answerable for depu ties.

Subcolleftor not to travel above ten miles, See.

Receivers not nominating deputies, See. to forfeit xool.

Anno primo Georgii III. c.2. [t?6o.

prosecution, upon any command, warrant, motion, order, or direction, by Non vult ulterius prosequi, shall be had, made, admitted, received, or allowed by any court whatsoever, in any suit or proceeding, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, or otherwise, for the recovery of all or any the pains, penalties, or forfeitures upon any person by this act inflidlcd, or therein mentioned, or for or in order to the conviction or disabiltty of any person offending against this act, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed.

LXXX. Provided always, That if any person or persons, who shall be charged or assessed by this act to or with a pound-rate upon his, her, or their manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or other the premisses, shall, upon complaint made to the of, in such manner, and at such times, as are herein directed in cases of appeals, make it appear to the said of, or any three or more of them then present, for hearing and determining such appeals, by proof upon oath, that suchall feflment doth exceed the equal pound-rate that ought to be charged on him, her, or them; in such case, upon every such proof, and due examination thereof, the said of, or the major part of them then present, as aforesaid, are hereby impowered to abate and lessen the said assessfments, so much as the same shall exceed the equal pound-rate that ought to be charged on him, her, or them, and shall cause the money so abated to be re-assessfed, surcharged, and levied, in such manner as they, or the major part of them, in their judgements and discretions, shall think most equal, just, and reasonable, within the whole hundred, lathe, wapentake, or other division, where such overcharge or overcharges do happen, although the pound-rate of four shillings in the pound be thereby exceeded; or if any particular part or parts of the same, or any person therein, shall appear to them to be undercharged, then the money so abated shall and may be raised upon such particular part or persons so undercharged; so that the whole sum payable to his Majesty for such hundred, lathe, wapentake, or other division, shall be fully and duly answered and paid, without being diminUhed by reason of such particular abatement; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the receiver-general of each county or district in England, Wales, ox Berwick upon Tweed, shall nominate, constitute, and appoint fit and proper persons (for whom he shall be answerable) to be his deputy or deputies, to receive from the said sub-collectors all and every the rates, duties, and assessments by them respectively collected and received; and the same receivers-gene-ral are hereby required to nominate and appoint so many of such deputies in their respective counties, that no sub-collector may be obliged to travel above the space of ten miles from his usual place of abode, for the payment of the said monies that shall be by him collected or received; and if any such receiver-general shall refuse or neglect to nominate and appoint such deputies, in manner

*57

as aforesaid, or shall wilfully neglect to attend, by himself or deputy, at the time and place by him appointed for his re-foedive receipts, such receiver-general shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum' of one hundred pounds, the one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster \ in which action orfuit, no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed.

LXXXII. Provided nevertheless, That in case there shall not Commission-be a sufficient number of of for any city, borough, m for the cinque-port, town or place, in England, Wales, or Berwick uponcounty at Tweed (for which by this act of are particularly l?rSc maX appointed) capable ot acting according to the qualifications re- £* an^ City* quired by this act, to put this adJn execution; that in every such case, any of the said of, appointed for the county at large, within which such city, borough, town, cinque-port, or place doth (land, or which is next adjoining thereto, may ad as of in the execution of this act, within such city, borough* town, cinque-port, or place.

LXXXIII. And whereas same doubts may arise, whether mayors, bailiffs y or other chief magistrates of cities, boroughs, towns-corporate, or cinque-ports, for which of are specially appointed by virtue of this act, can act as of for executing this act in the said cities, boroughs, towns-corporate, and cinque-ports; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all maybrs. Mayors, bai. bailiffs, and other chief magistrates, who are appointed commis- Hffs. &c. to sioners for executing this act, shall be, and have power to act as of for executing this act, within and for any city, dally appoint-borough, town-corporate, or cinque-port, wherein they inhabit ed. at the time of executing this act, as well where of areespecially appointed by this act, as where they are not.

LaXXIV. And whereas several members of parliament, by rea- Member* of son of their attendance in parliament, have, by the assessors of Lon- parliament to don, Westminster, W Middlesex, and the suburbs oj the same, been [heir mansion-taxed for their personal estates, and have been put to unreafenable charge houses, and vexation\ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the several members of parliament, who, at the execution of this act, during this session of parliament, shall abide within the said cities of London and Westminster, and the suburbs of the same, or within the county of Middlesex, shall, for or in respect of their ready money, or debts, or any other tax which may be laid on their persons, or personal estate, during this session of parliament, be assessed only in the place where such members have their mansion-houses, or other places where they most u-fually reside during the interval of parliament; and in case any afiessor or commilftoner shall assess, or cause to be assessed, any member of parliament, contrary to the provision hereby made, ho or they shall forfeit to the party grieved the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, or upon the case,

north riding at Thurik;

cast riding at Beverly.

No commis-

Anno primo Georgii III. c.2. [1760.

together with full costs of suit; any thing herein contained for the contrary notwithstanding.

First meeting LXXXV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the first general meeting of the commis-at Pontefr*oners for we^ r*ding of the county of York shall be held'at the town of Pontefra8; and the first general meeting of the of for the north riding of the county of York, shall be held at the town of Tburjk; and the first general meeting of the of for the east rkling of the county of York, shall be held at the town of Beverley; any thing in this act before-mentioned, or any former custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXxXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority firmer capable aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of acting as a coot-to ad in any missioner in the execution of this act, or any of the powers hrge^unless therein contained, in or for any county at large, within Eng^ rated' at iool. Wi, the dominion of Wales, (the counties of Merioneth, Car-per ann. (Me- digan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, and Mon* rioneth. Car- mouth, excepted) or in or for any of the ridings in the county of cepted.) €X 5 un*c^s such person be seized and pofieued of lands, tene-'*ments, or hereditaments, being freehold, copyhold, or lease-

hold, over and above all ground rents, incumbrances, and other reservations, payable out of or in reaped of such leasehold estates, which were taxed, or did pay in the same county or riding, for the value of one hundred pounds per annum, or more, of his own estate, by virtue of an act made and passed in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thoufmi seven hundred and sixty .

Commission- LXXXVIL Provided nevertheless, That any person herein Ang!q." name<l a commissioner in and for the county of Anglesea or Or. if taxed at 6o\ narvon>hall he capable of acting as commissioner in theexe-per ann. cution of this act, in or for the same counties, or either of them, being himself, or his tenants, or trustees, taxed for the value of sixty pounds per annum, or more, of his own estate, by virtue of the said act of the thirty third year of his late Majesty's reign.

Commissioners LXXXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and it is also hereby cn-may act for acted, That no person who is hereby appointed to be a com-any city, being missioner for executing this act in any part of England, Wales, inhabitants, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall be disabled from acting as a commissioner within or for any city, borough, cinque-port, or town-corporate only, for which he is particularly nominated and appointed a commissioner, and whereof he shall be an inhabitant, at the time of the execution of this act; nor from acting as a com* missioner within any of the inns of court, or inns of chancery and that no attorney or solicitor, or person practising as such, who m^ffioners°m ^a^ not* anc* possessed of lands, tenements, orheredita* without pof- ments, being freehold, copyhold, or leasehold, over and above fcfling tool, all ground rents, incumbrances, and other reservations, payable per ann. out

or inns of court, &c.

Attornies, &c.

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. 159

out of or in respect of such Icafehold estates, which were taxed #i>

or did pay in the same county or riding, city, borough, town-corporate, cinque-port, or place, for which he shall be named a commissioner, or within the county at large within which such city, borough, tawn*corporate, cinque-port, or place, for which he shall be named a commissioner, doth (land, or which is next adjoining thereto, for the value of one hundred pounds per annum, of more, of his own estate, by virtue of an act made and passed in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tan, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand ftven hundred and sixty > or any receiver-general, or any collector of any aid granted to his Majesty, shall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the execution of this, prefen t ad in England, Wales* or Berwick upon Tweed \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority No commis-aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of acting as a com- doner of the missioner in the execution of this act, or any of the powers here- of in contained, within the city of London, and liberty of Saint Martin it Grundy unless such person be seised and possessed of tL Je Grand/ lands, tenements, or hereditaments, being freehold, copybokl, to ad, unlefe or leasehold, oVcr and above all ground rents, incumbrances, rated at*o). and other reservations, payable out of, or in respect of such lease- 5Sn*3ha^* hold estates, which were taxed, or did pay, in the said city or liberty for the value of twenty pounds per annum, or more, of his own estate, or unless such person was taxed, or did pay, in the said city or liberty for the value of one hundred and fifty pounds personal estate, or more, by virtue of an act made and

Bfied in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty ing George the Second, intituled, An act for granting an aid to Ms Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand [even hundred and sixty.

XC. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority afore- No commis-said. That no person shall be capable of acting as a comm if- fioner of the fioner in the execution of this act, or any of the powers herein westminster contained, within thecityand liberty of Westminster* unless such toaa, unless person be seized and possessed of lands, tenentents, or heredita- rated atol. ments, being freehold, copyhold, or Ieafehold, over and above p?r ann. of all ground rents, incumbrances, and other reservations, payable "is ow*t|late, out of, or in respect of such Ieafehold estates, which were taxed, or did pay in the said city or liberty for the value of twenty pounds per annum* or more, of his own estate, by virtue of an act made and passed tn the thirty second year of the reign of his late mtajesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for granting an aid to its Majesty by a land tax* to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine.

XCl. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any person P^rfons difa-mtended by this act to be disabled for any the causes aforesaid, prefum-

shall nevertheless presume to act as a commissioner in the exe- to

' cution 5

Collectort of the new water-works in Exon, chargeable.

Her royal highness the princess dowager of Wales, not chargeable.

nor his royal highnefi the duke of Cumberland, nor the princess Amelia.

Superannuated lea-officers not to pay, ice. nor poor knights of Windsor.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. i. [i j6a.

cution of this act, or any the powers therein contained, every such person, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds to any person or persons who will inform or sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record* by action of debt, or on the case, bill, suit, or information; wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XCII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the respective persons who have received or collected, or shall receive or collect, the yearly profits of the new water-works within the city and county of Exon, for the time being, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable with, the payment of the tax that (nail be assessed on the said profits respectively by this act, to be levied in such manner as other aids and assessments in and by this act are directed; and the respective persons so charged as aforesaid, and paying the same, shall be allowed the same on their respective accounts, by their respectiveemployers or proprietors for the time being $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not charge, or be construed to charge, her royal highness the princess dowager of Wales with the above-mentioned duty or payment of four shillings, out of every twenty shillings, by the year, for or in respect of any sums of money or annuities given or granted by his late Majesty to her said royal highness 5 but that suchTums of money and annuities, and her royal highness, and her treasurers or receivers-general for the time being, in respect of the same, shall be free and clear of all taxes, impositions, and other publick charges whatsoever; any thing in this or any former act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XCIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not charge, or be construed, deemed, or taken to charge his royal highness the duke of Cumberland, or her royal highness the princess Arne-lia9 or the officers or servants attending their persons, with the above-mentioned duty or payment of four shillings out of every twenty shillings by the year, for or in respect of any annuities, or yearly payments, granted by his late Majesty, or to be granted by his present Majesty, to theif said royal highnesses; but that such annuities, or yearly payments, and their royal highne(les, and their servants for the time being, in respect of the same, shall be free and clear from all taxes, impositions, and other charges whatsoever.

XCV. Provided always, That this act, or any of the several clauses therein contained, shall not extend to charge the peb-fions of any superannuated commission or warrant sea-officers, or the pensions of widows of sea-officers, (lain in the service of the crown; or the revenue of the most noble order of the garter; or the pensions of the poor knights of Windsor, payable out

it that the lame shall not extend tet

of the exchequer only 5 but lessen the sum provided by this act.

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. 161

XCVI.' And whereas the rents and revenues belonging to the tefi- Refidentiarie*

ientiaries of the cathedral churches in England and Wales arein tw^at cafef

chargeable to the land tax granted by this present act* and in some cases arge-

the overplus of the said rents and revenue j, above such tax, repairj,

and other charges, is to go in shares for the maintenance of the said

rejtdenliaries \ which shares are diminished by the said land tax; it

is provided and enacted, That in such cases the said refiden-

tiaries shall not, by this act, or any the clauses therein contain*

erf, be further chargeable, as enjoying offices of profit out of the

said rents and revenues; any thing herein contained to the con*

trary notwithstanding.

XCVII. Provided, That this act, or any of the several clauses Nor 1001. per therein contained, shall not extend to charge a certain pension ann. to the of one hundred pounds per annum, granted by the late King i^or clergy of Charles the Second to the poor clergy of the isle of Man. ivitn. of

XCVIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act con- Nor*e| 0£ tained shall extend, or be construed to extencj, to lav any charge honour, or duty upon the pensions or salaries of his Majesty's pages of honour.

XCIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That in Receiver* ge. case there hath been, or shall be, any failure of raiftag or pay- nc^1 to Sjy? kig the several sums of money charged upon any county, city, i^es^iTpayST riding, or place, by this or any former acts for granting an aid ment of die to his late majesty King William the Third, or her late majesty taxes.

Queen Anne % or his late majesty King George the First, or his late majesty King George the Second, by a land tax; the receiver-general of nich county, city, riding, division, or place respectively, of such tax or assessment, or the receiver-general to be appointed in pursuance of this act, of the same county, ridding, division, city, or place, shall certify, t under his hand, to the barons of the court of exchequer, the particular city, town, parish, or place, where such failure of payment hath happened, together with the names of the aflefiors and collectors, and the several other persons belonging to the said city, town, parish, or place, charged with the said tax; which said city, town, pa* ri(h, or place, or any person or persons charged with the said tax, within such city, town, parish, or place, shall be liable to process for such neglect in raising and paying the same, according to the directions of the said act.

C. Provided always, That the of appointed for Commission-the county of the city of Lincoln, may act as of in cr*for Lin-the execution of this act, or any the powers therein contained,°}n within the Bail and Close of Lincoln; any thing in this act to Lmco n c 0* the contrary notwithstanding.

Cl. Provided always, That the of for.the county An(j for th* of Lincoln may act as of in the execution of this act, county, in St. r any the powers therein contained, within the parish of Saint MartmStam-Mqrtin Stamford Baron, in the county of Northampton, as usually; ford Baron-: any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

GII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Auditor* to thority aforesaid. That there shall be provided and kept in his keep a rtgU

VOL. XXIII. M Maje-fter, &c.

161 Anno primo Georgii III. c* a* [17^0#

x Majesty's exchequer (that is to fey) in the office of the auditor of the receipt, one book of register, in which all the money, that shall be paid into the exchequer for the pound-rates and duties hereby granted, shall be entered and registered apart and distinlt from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty* Deputies to CIII. And whereas divers offices and employments of profit, charge* cfpaU^smdoa able by this act, are executed by deputy, and the principal officers nonpayment living in places remote from the divifioufparish, or place, when such liable to di- offices or employments are taxable, the rates and ajfejffimnts for such stress. particular offices and employments cannot bt recovered without great

charge and difficulty; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That where any office or employment of profit charge* able by this act, is or shall be executed by deputy, such deputy shall pay such assessment as shall be charged thereon* andde* dull the same out of the profits of such office or employment^ and in case of refusal, or nonpayment thereof, such deputy shall be liable to such distress as by this act is prescribed again (k any person having and enjoying any office or employment q£ profit, and to all other remedies, and penalties therein respectively contained; and that there shall be the like remedies ana penalties, for the recovering the monies assessed upon any such office' or employment of profit to the land tax for the year one thou* fend seven hundred and six, and for any fifthfequent year not'

yet satisfied, in all cases where the accounts of those years, or arty of them, are not otherwise cleared in this exchequer.

Receiver ge- CIV. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, nT*/0 gWC a Tfiat at every time and place appointed by the of^teeivSPby^collectors to pay in the monies by virtue of this all to him, at the be paid to the receiver-general, or his deputy, for any county^ time and city, riding, town or place in England, IValis, or Berwick upon place appoint- Tweed, the said receiver-general, or his deputy, under his band,

*shall deliver a lid or certificate, fairly written, to such person a|

the said of, or any three or more of them, shall, under their hands, authorize -and appoint to attend then and there for that purpose, containing the several and respective sums of money, then and there, or before that time, paid by the re* speltive collectors for each town or place in that hundred or di-On refusal, to vision: and in case there shall be any refusal or neglelt in deforfeit any livering such lift or certificate as a foresaid, such receiver-gene* ccJcdio^ aoL^or deputy, so refusing or neglelting, shall forfeit any1 sum of money, not exceeding twenty pounds, to be imposed by any three or more of the said of, and to beorderods, levied, and answered into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, in such manner as by this act is ditfc&ed, touching the fines im* posed on assessors and collectors, as aforesaid.

Collectors CV. And be it enacted and declared by the authority afore-may keep so said. That where any person or persons, who, in pursuance of much money any former act for granting an aid so her late majesty Qgeeri mi(Bwert°m Amte, or his late majesty King George the First, or his late ma* judge reason- je^y King George the Second, by a fend tax, have seized or di-able. (trained, or in pursuance of this act (half seize or distrain the

Anno primo GEoRorf 1IL c.<i. i6j

goods oi^ chattels of any colledof, his heirs, exec□ tors, orad-ftilWstrators, on nonpayment of any fom at farm of money* tofrfch such coffedof, his heirs, executors, or administrators, or shall be obliged so pay by virtue of this or any former act* it shall and may be lawful to and for such person or persons making such distress, out of the money anting by the sale of such goods and chattels (such sum and rams of money, for feftich distress shall or may be made being first thereout satisfied and paid) to keep in his or their hands, to and* for his and their dwn use, so much money* as the of, or any two Of more of them (who ordered, or shall order, such distrefsjf shall in their discretion judge reasonable for making such different, as also for the charges in keeping thereof, or otherwise relating thereto, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the Owner.

CVI. And whereas fotne receivers of former land taxes have neg* lifted or delayed the paying their accounts in the exchequer in due time, and havty after fivetal years elapfid, fit insuper some counties, di-i/fflotiSy or places, for monies which were there raifeiy and for the answering whereof due proof might have been made, in case such re-tetters had accounted sooner, whereby fiveral counties, diviflonsy and flaceSy hatie been put to unreafinable charge and vexation \ it is therefore hereby provided, declared, and enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That no receiver whatsoever of any monies grant- No receiver to td by this act, to be raised In England, WaleSy or the town of"turn in* Berwick upon Tweed, Or any heirs, executors, of administrators, an^coiuTty Of such receiver, shall* In arty accounts of the monies where- after 3 with such receiver shall be chargeable (unless such account be years, for mo-> declared arid passed in the exchequer within three years at the nics m arreari farthest after the twenty fourth day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred 'and sixty one) be allowed or admitted to set inju-fiTy or charge any county, divition, Or place, in EnglandyJValeSy or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, for any monies granted^ by this act, which shall be in arrear, and unpaid; but that #the but the same fame shall remain a debt upon every such receiver, to be an- to be a debtoa fwered by him and his securities, his and their heirs, executors, hls

or administrators, lands, tenements, goods, and chattel re-rccuritlcs-foedively 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CVII. And whereas the usual and proper method of compelling the payment of sums fit insuper, is by proofs of Distringas: and whereas divers sheriffSy or their under sheriffisy or other officers9 who have had the execution of such procefiy favouring tnhabitantSy or coU tedorsy have returned issues upon the writs to them dirededy so finall and inconsiderabley that in many inflames such method of proceeding

fhath been fund infuffident to compel the payment of arrear; , whereby great loss hath happened to the publtcky and further toffies may here-er happen by the like proceedingsy unless some remedy be provided the prevention thereof \ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That upon every such writ of Diflringas hereafter to be issued

tjpon any such snfupety the (hefiff or other officer, to whom the J^ngas, to rei

M a same turn

164. Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. £1760.

ister the rate same shall be directed, shall return issues after the rate of five 5h Poun(^s* at ^ea^> ^or every hundred pounds of the sum set infu-

UL? e per; which issues so returned shall be forthwith drawn down into*the great roll of the pipe; and process, according to the course and process to of the exchequer, shall issue for levying the same at the first ge-issue thereup- neral issuing of process for his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, on, See. out of and under the seal of the said exchequer, unless the lord treasurer, or of of the treasury, or chancelior of the exchequer, or the barons of the exchequer, or any two of them, shall, upon just cause, think fit to order the drawing down such issues into the pipe, or the issuing such process, to be respited till a further day.

Water-works CVIII. And be it enaSed by the authority aforesaid, That

in Shrewsbury the respective persons who have received or collelted, or shall chargeable, receive or collelt, the yearly profits of the water-works within the town of Shrewsbury, shall be, and are hereby, charged and chargeable with the payment of the tax that shall be afieffed on the said profits by this act, to be levied in such manner as other aids and assessments in and by this act are directed; and the re-foeltive persons so charged as aforesaid, and paying the same, shall be allowed the same on their accounts, by the proprietors thereof for the time being; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CIX. And whereas by and in pursuance of certain clauses, which are contained in the several acts of parliament for land taxes, which passed in the reign of their late majesties Queen Anne, King George the Firjly and King George the Second, several parishts and places have been discharged by the barons of the exchequer, of certain overplus sums, wherewith they were respelively overburdened, by reafou of double taxes formerly charged upon them; and the like overplus sums are not comprehended in the proportions by this act charged upon the counties, cities, or other places, wherein the said parishes or places formerly overburdened as aforesaid, were situate: it is hereby de-Who shall dared and enacted, That the ease so given shall accrue only to have the be- the respective pari files or places formerly overburdened as atore-nefit only of said, and shall not be construed or taken to lessen, abate, or dif-overplus (ums charge any of the sums or proportions to beraised in any other unebarg.cjt^ borough, parish, town, or place whatsoever.

Clause for the CX. And whereas the sums that were assessed by virtue of the act ease of prote- for fa former 0j four shillings in the pound, which was made

whom lands, an^ PaMe^171 fourth year of the reign of their late majesties King &c. have*William and Queen Mary, do not only govern the proportions set come, which upon every county, city, riding, town, or other place hereby charged

do^bl^t11 d Wli^ a C€rta'n Jumn set ^own an& txprejfed; but are also to

y taxed. regU}ate fa proportions thereof in every hundred or division re[peftive-ly, towards the said sum of one million nine hundred eighty nine thousand nine hundred pounds, eighteen shillings, and nine pence: and whereas towards the assessments which were made by virtue of the said act of the fourth year of their said late majesties reign y several lands, tenements, rents, or other hereditaments oj pnpijls, and other per- fens, rcfufng or neglecting to take the oaths therein contained, were 2.ojfijfti

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. 165

assessed to pay double the rates therein expressed; and ftnce the mating taoje dffeJJmentSy several of the said papiJlSy and other personsy which were Jo doubly tdxedy have taken the said oaths, or their lands are came to proteJlantSy whereby their estates will be charged on this ail only to such an equal pound-rate, as is to be borne by their protestant neighbours; and several of the said papiJlSy and other persons, formerly doubly taxed as aforesaid, are fence deady or have bona fide fold their ejlatesy and the estates which belonged to fiuch persons do now belong to persons now liable to the said double assessments; and by occasion of the said former double rates, which were on the said papists y or persons who have fence taken the said oathsy or whose estates are fence come to protefeantsy as aforesaid, some parishcsy townshipSy or ether places, may be overburdened^ or charged with more than four J.hillings in the pound (reckoning by the rack-renty and utmofe improved value of their estates) towards the said feum of one million nine hundred eighty nine thousand nine hundred poundsy eighteen shillingSy and nine pencey if a Juitable remedy be not provided; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where the lands, tene- where lands ments, rents* or hereditaments of a whole parish, town, or formerly dou-place, which shall have a proportion to taise, in pursuance of bly taxed are this act, shall be charged with more than four shillings in theafintic^cff-pound, upon the yearly value (reckoning by the rack-rents, and ment $ the highest improvements made of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments) towards the said sum of one million nine hundred eighty nine thousand nine hundred pounds, eighteen shillings, and nine pence, by this act granted, because the estates of papists, and other persons formerly doubly taxed, as aforesaid, by their taking the said oaths, or the estates being come to protestants by purchase bona fedty or the death of such papists, ^or any other persons formerly doubly taxed, as aforesaid, are or may be liable only to a single assessment; in all and every such r case and cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the com- ersl^on coin-missioners of the hundred, lathe, wapentake, rape, ward, or plaint, toexa-other division, in which such parish, town, or place, doth lie, mine into the or any two or more of them, and in like manner to and for thetruth thereof of of any^city, borough, port, or town, for which of are by this act appointed, or any two or more of them, upon complaint thereof to them made, for or on behalf of the owners or occupiers of the lands, tenements, rents, and hereditaments in any such city, borough, port, parish, town, or place respectively, to examine into the matter of such complaint; and if they are satisfied of the truth thereof, the said*'

of, or any two or more of them, are hereby re- a"d to ccrtIfr quired and impowered, at any time before the twenty ninth day b^n^of of September one thousand leven hundred and sixty one, and the exchequer, not afterwards, to certify to the barons of his Majesty's court of before 29 Sept. exchequer for the time being, the names of such persons for-, 76o> itierly doubly taxed, as aforesaid, and how much tjieir double tax did amount to, and how much the sum charged by virtue of this act, upon the lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, in speh city, borough, port, parish, town, or place, by occa-

M3 flow

Anno primo Georgii III, u*'£17^0,

fion of their land? being now liable to 3Angle xfieflmeat* aforesaid, doth exceed rour shillings in the pound of the fufl and true yearly value thereof: and the said barons of the excht-> fuer, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to enquire and inform themselves, by the oaths of two credible wjtneues at lead, concerning the truth of the said ear* tificates; and in all cases where they shall be Satisfied therein, who are to the said barons, or any two or more of them, have hereby discharge the power by their discretions, at any time before the left dayF fore ?he* hu£ one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to djf*

day of Nov. charge, or cause to be discharged, the overplus, or lb much 1761.*of the sum by this act charged or chargeable upon such city*

borough, town, parish, or place, towards the Said Sum of one million nine hundred eighty ninethousand nine hundred pounds* eighteen shillings, and nine pence, as shall, by the eccafions aforesaid, exceed the rate of four shillings in the pound j and the said overplus shall or may be discharged upon the duplicates to be returned for such city, borough, town, port, parish, of place respectively, and shall be allowed upon the account of the respective teceivers-general; and the inhabitants-of every such city, borough, port, parish, town, or place, shall be acquitted against his Majesty, his heirs, and fuecessors, for and touching the payment of such overplus monies so discharged, or ordered to be discharged, by the barons of the exchequer, or any two or more of them, as aforesaid j any thing herem contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that such parish, town, port, or place, so discharged by the barons, and no others, shall nave the benefit of the Anns so discharged by this act; and no other offi* cer, or deputy or clerk whatsoever, fhsll take any fee, reward. Certificates of or 8ratu'ty>^or uP°n account of such discharge: which said the sums dif- respective certificate or certificates, or a true copy or copies charged to be thereof, whereby the said parish or parities, place or places, have produced to been discharged by the said barons of the exchequer of such over-th* comntfu pjus fumSj gjjij^produced by the persons claiming the bene-nMtnweting. thereof, to the of of the land tax at their next*general meeting, to ascertain the proportion on each division, after such certificate or certificates have been obtained. Commission. CXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ers may sum- That it shall and may be lawful to and for the of -"-'lee- wh0 shall have power to execute this present act, within any con vertediaVC hundred, division, parish, or place respectively (other than such of as have been collectors of any land tax there) or the major part of them, who shall be present at any publick meeting or meetings for this purpose, at their usual place of meeting for such hundred, division, parish, or place respectively, to issue their precept or precepts to all and every such collector or collectors, who are or shall be suspected by such of, or the major part of them then present, to have received or levied any Aim or sums of money within any parish or township, by or under colour or pretext of any act or acts of parliament, which at any time or times within seven years next

land tax monies to their own ufc.

Anoo primo Georgii III. c.z. 167

before (ho beginning of this session of parliament have been made or passed for granting to his late Majesty a land tax or JjjndL taw# jointly with any other tax or taxes in such act or comprehended, and to have converted the same fraudulently tp his and their own use and uies; and if such collector or their hek^ or coUeftor* be dead, then to issue such precept to their heirs, &c. pxecutors, or administrators respectively, thereby requiring all Md every .fitch oolkftor or collectors, their heirs, executors, or idmipifirators, to appear before, the said of, at the time and place in such precept or precepts to be prefixed: and ppon their, or any of their appearances, or making default (after summona delivered to them, or left at the usual places of their abode respectively) the said of, in their reibeftive ffivisions or distrjfts, or the major part of them, which shall be pscfcot at any meeting or meetings in this behalf, as aforesaid, foil and have hereby power to enquire by examination of wit-pefles upon oath, or any other lawful ways or means, by which (be truth may be bell known, and to determine what sura or fyms of money the said collectors, or any of them, did receive fa levy, or fraudulently convert to their own use or uies as aforesaid; and thereupon to issue their warrants and orders, requir- and on exami-ing all and every such collector or collectors, their heirs, execu- nation may if. tors, and administrators, respectively, in whose hands the said sue |he, 'r war" pommifitoners, or the major part of them, shall find any such [*" fut£r dponey to be remaining, or who shall be chargeable therewith nils to his respectively, to pay the same to his Majesty's use, in manner Majesty's use. fpllowing (that is to lay)in case there be any deficiency remaining upon any such parish or township, of the quota or proportion charged thereupon to the tax imposed by the act or acts,

whereby or by colour whereof the money found, as aforesaid,

was collected or levied; then every such deficiency shall be satisfied, in the first place, out of the monies so to be recovered.

Of- the lame monies, lb far as they will extend, shall be applied ibr or towards the making good of every such deficiency respectively ", and in all cases where there is no deficiency upon any iiich parish or township, or there shall be an overplus more than sufficient to discharge any such deficiency, the said commission-s, or the major part of them, shall by their said order require , the said money lo found, or the overplus thereof, to be paid by the said respective collectors, their heirs, executors, or admini- ,

Jlrajtors, to the receiver-general, towards discharging so much jof the proportions to be charged on such parish, or town ship, by -Virtue of this present act.

CXII. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That such pay- The payments events so to be made in pursuance of the said orders or warrants !"*de accord-of the said of, or the major part of them, as aforesaid, coram; flloners foil be good and sufficient discharges, to the said collectors, warrants, See. .their heirs, executors, and administrators respectively, against shall be dit-his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and all other persons cll; 'rges 10 th# .wbstsoever. colors, or

; £XUI. , Ahd d is hereby.declared and enacted by the autho- en Clri>.'

M 4 rity

163 Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. [ijrtJb.

Collectors notrity aforesaid, That if any such collector as aforesaid, shall neg-paying, may ie<& or refuse to pay any sum or sums of money according to cd Tnd th^ir orc^er^of as aforesaid, within the thane*cftat^s seized or times by such order or orders to be limited; the said com-and (bid. missioners for each hundred, parish, or place, or ahy two or more of them, in their respective divisions or districts, are here-by authorized and impowered to imprison the perfion of every such collector, till he makes payment of the said money; and to seize and secure the estate as well freehold as copyhold, and all other estate, both real and personal, of such collector, to him belonging, or which shall descend or come into the hands or possession of his heirs, executors, or administrators, wheresoever the same can be discovered or found; and the said of, who shall so seize and secure the estate of any such collector or collectors, shall be, and are hereby impowered to appoint a time for a general meeting of the said of for such hundred, division, parish, or place, and to cause publick notice to be given of the place where such meeting shall be appointed^

/ six days at lead before such meeting; and the of present at such meeting, or the major part of them (in case the f monies detained be not paid and satisfied as it ought to be, accord,

ing to the directions of this act) shall and are hereby impowered and required to sell and dispose of all such estates, which shall be for the cause aforesaid seized and secured, or any part thereof; and, out of the monies arising by such sale, to satisfy and pay (in manner prescribed by this act) the sum which shall be detained in the hands of such collector or collectors, their hetrs^

1 executors, and administrators respectively, with the charges of

recovering, raising, and paying the same and the overplus (if any be) to be restored to such person as owned the said estate before the sale thereof; any former act or acts of parliament, or other matter or thing, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXIV. And whereas several arrears of land taxes, granted by former acts of parliament, do fill remain unfat isfed, which ought to have been levied, ajftjfed, or re-assessed, by the respective commis* sioners in such acts named or appointed, some of which being fmce dead, or removed to dislant places; it is hereby declared and en* Arrears of by the authority aforesaid, That the of \sy this

tormer land act named or appointed, or so many of them, as are hereby im-taase? to be powered to cause the monies by this act granted to beaffefled or levied by the raised^ shall, and they are hereby impowered to cause the mo-

^flkners.111" nicsn arrear upon kid land taxes to^assessed, re-af-sessed, levied, and answered, as fully and effectually as any of appointed by former acts might have done in that behalf; and the said assessors, collectors, and receivers, shall respectively assess, re-assess, levy, receive, and answer the several arrears, in such manner, and under such penalties, and by such means, and as fully and effectually, as in this act they are impowered and required, with respect to the several sums by thi* act charged.

CXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. 169

That no receiver^general of any of the taxes by this act granted, No receiver-or any of his agent or agents, servant or servants, by him em- 8cne^* °rhis ployed for the carrying any of the monies to be received for or life the county on account of the said taxes, shall maintain any action or ac- for a robbery, tiens against any hundred or hundreds in that part of Great Bri- unless the tain called England, for or upon account of his or their being PCI*?n# c*rT?Z robbed on the King's highway of any the said monies, unless the person or persons carrying such monies shall, at the time of such pany. jobbery, be together in company, and be in number three at tht lead, to attest the truth of his or their being so robbed; any law, Statute, or provision, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. t

CXVI. And whereas by virtue of several acts of parliament spe-eiaify made, or to be made, for the better repairing of certain publicl roads, turnpikes have been or may be set up, and toils or duties taken far repairing the said roads; it is hereby provided and declared by the authority aforesaid, That such tolls and duties are not, Tolls ordu-add shall not be liable to be rated or taxed towards the aid grant- on turned by this act, or towards any aid granted by any former act chareeaWeb for aland tax 5 and that the several officers and persons employ- this or any cd, or to be employed, in collecting such tolls, and repairing former act such roads, shall not be liable to be taxed or rated in any manner whatsoever, by reason of their said offices or employments, or any salary arising thereby; this act, or any other law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where the of appointed to execute this present act in any county, division, hundred, riding, city, town, or J76i. summon place, or any five or more of them, shall have good reason to assessors, who suspect that the assessors appointed for any parish or place, pur- h*vc nt..suant to any act or acts of parliament for granting an aid or aids ^a^since* to the crown by a land tax or land taxes, have, in fraud of any 6 May, 1717, parish or place for which they are afifeflors, since the sixth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, been omitted to be charged or assessed .for any of their own estates, which ought to have been charged or assessed to such land tax or land taxes, it shall be lawful for such of for such county, division, hundred, city, ^ riding, town, or place respectively, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required at such convenient time or times before the twenty ninth day of September, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, to summon and call before them the assessors for the time being, since the said sixth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, for such parishes and places respectively, and to examine such assessors, or any of them, or any other person or persons, upon oath (which and examine oath or oaths the said of are hereby impowered andthc"* uP°n required to administer) for discovery or proof of any such fraud oath* or omission, since the said sixth day of May9 one thousand seven hundred and seventeen; and as the said of, or the major part of them present, (frail find the case to be, they shall

compute

Iff Anoo pnmo CsoRGll III. C.a.

- eojppute the swung which aoy such parish or .pfam hath

*a by reason or occasion of apy such fraud or omission* and shall nd*w*d<s* award fstisfadtion to be made accordingly to such pari (he*, of place; respectively, by the rafpedlive afle&rs, whoseeflates hayfi been so omitted to be charged or assessed asaforesaids add the t* be levied said of shall, by warrant or warrants under, ttdr wdfdd hands and seals, cause the jum or sum* so awarded tobeJwied the eetteoeiKi upon the persons, or the executors or admioUlrAtor* trf jhepet* Ions respectively, who have been so omitted to be chargodttf afiefled as aforesaid, and upon their goods and chattels respeor tively, all which Turns lo to be levied shall be paid into the 1 hands of the collectors of the land tax, to be afttoitted pur-

suant to this act for such respective pari/bes and placesi to the end the said pari/hes and places respectively may have the benefit thereof, and may be eased accordingly m their proportion to this present aid, or to the next aid or aids which mall be £MOt-^ - ed to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, by a laod; Uaca .* provided neverthelds. That the quota of the aid granted aphis

', v Majesty shall not be Jeflened for apy such parish or place. '

CommHBon. C Xv III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*

cn, tcc. to*That such comtaifiioners as are by this act required to transnut, difbnguiih or cause to be transaiitted, the above-mentioned schedules orjttd, fet4own duplicates in the King's remembrancer's office of the exchequer, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby.£ double taxes, quirea, in every such schedule, or duplicate, to ffidiitguish and tobetraaf- set down, or cause to be distiugui(bed and set down, the gross iMtsed in the fUnj which shall be aire/Ted, charged, or payable ip every whoqMT. hundred or division rdpe&ively, by virtue of this act, for dpuble taxes, that so it may be known how much the double, foxes arising by this act do or will amount to in every hundred, and division, where any such shall be.

A&flmentsoB CXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted.-byjtqie the town of authority aforesaid, That the sum appointed by this act to be Cambridge to raised by the town of Cambridge, shall be raised and levied. bf manors &c rat*nf> manors, messuages, lands, and tenements, woods, up- derwoods, coppices, fi/hings, locks, wears, and fluxes, wpop and onfidi- the river Cam, alias Grant, tithes, tolls, markets, (airs, booths, tbenwrCam. a^8* an<* Handings, in such fairs and markets, and the repfo ' and profits of tbeume, and all other hereditaments, of wffot nature or kind soever they be, situate, lying, and befog, hap*-pening, or arising in the bid town, or within the bounds, u- mils, and precincts thereof; and also all estates in goods, wares, merchandizes, and other chattels and perfooal estates whatsoever, belonging to the said town, or any the members of the same, except only such personal estate as in this act before ip excepted.

CXX. And whereat fairs are usually held some Short time isf

the year only, by meant whereof it may be to levy the proportions to be assesstd by virtue of alt, on the fairt to he held

within the said town, or limits thereof, by such quarterly payment fi by this act is directed to be dorse in other cases \ be it further eo*

\j6o, ] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2, I

tftod by the authority afo refold, That the collectors to bep- °n whom,* pointed by virtue of this act for levying and collecting the said nues and taxes shall demand the intire sum which (nail be af- so(r, ice.tobe Mki for the whole year on such fturs, and the booths, (tails, coUefted. and (landings in the same, from the parties thetnfdyes, who Stall fct to £de any goods or merchandizes in die said fairs, booths, Sails, or (landings, or otherwise occupy the same, if they can be found, or else upon the premides charged with such afo foffinents, at any time within seven days after the first proclaiming of such (air or. fairs j and in default of payment thereof, shall Distrest on'levy the suns aiTefied, by distress and sale of all the goods and default of. chattels that shall be found in the said booths, (tails, or (land- to t* !ened?W ings, in such.manner as is herein directed to be done in other cases.

CXXI. And it is hereby enacted and declared. That the said Tenants of collectors shall have all such powers of making such distress as booths, See. ia hereby giveo to collectors in other cases; and the several and je.

respective tenants of all such booths, (tails, and (landings, which dust them out shall be rated by -virtue of this act, are hereby required and au- of their rants, theorized to pay such sum or sums of money as shall be rated &c-thereon, and to deduct the same out of the relit payable for such booths to their respective landlords.

CXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefwd, 4T.95*1- That the Aim of forty seven thousand nine hundred fifty tour edi^seotlMid^ pounds, one shilling, and two pence, by this act granted, shall by an S'be raised and levied in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, months deft of by art eight months cess of five thousand nine hundred ninety s*99+l* 5*-four pounds, fivo shillings, and one penny three farthings, of nM0' towful otoney of Great Britain, for every month; the fate cess'to' be raised out of the land relit of Scotland, according to the monthly proportions within the respective shires, stewartnes, pities, and boroughs herein after expressed; that is to fiiy, \

WITHIN the sheriffdom of Edinburgh, the monthly Aim of two hundred sixty four pounds, thirteen shillings, and three pence, of lawful money of Great Britain.

Within the sheriffdom of Haddington, the monthly sum of two hundred thirty one pounds, fix millings, and three pence three farthings, of like money.

1 Within the sheriffdom of Berwick, the monthly sum of two hundred thirty three pounds, seventeen shillings, and five pence halfpenny, of like money.

- Within the sheriffdom of Roxburgh, the monthly sum of threu hundred and six pounds, ten shillings, and five pence farthing, of like-money.

Within thie (herifiUom of Selkirk, the monthly sum of seventy five pounds, three shillings, and ten pence farthing, of like poncy.

Within the sheriffdom of Peebles, the monthly sum of eighty six pounds, thirteen shillings, and two pence three farthings, of like money.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. [iy6&<

Within the sheriffdom of Lanark, the monthly sum of two hundred fifty seven pounds, and seven pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom of Dumfries* the monthly sum of twff hundred twenty five pounds, ten shillings, and nine pencfe farthing, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom of Wigtown* the monthly sum of weighty three pounds, ten shillings, and seven pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the stewartry of Kirkcudbrighti the monthly sum of one hundred thirty nine pounds, four shillings, and three pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom of Air* the monthly sum of three hundred twenty one pounds, fifteen shillings, and four pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom ot Dumbarton* the monthly sum of sixty three pounds, eleven shillings, and one penny three farthings, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom of Bute* the monthly sum of twenty five pounds, ten shillings, and ten pence farthing, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom of Renfrew, the monthly sum of one hundred and twelve pounds, ten shillings, and two pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom of Striveling* the monthly sum 'of one hundred forty five pounds, sixteen shillings, and eleven pence halfpenny, orlikemoney.

Within the sheriffdom of Linlithgow* the monthly sum of ninety seven pounds, five shillings, and two pence three farthings, of like money. r

Within the sheriffdom of Perth, the monthly sum of four hundred eighteen pounds, eighteen shillings, and twopence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom of Kincardine, the monthly sum of eighty one pounds, sixteen shillings, and one penny three farthings, of like money..v

Within the sheriffdom of Aberdeen* the monthly sum of three hundred thirty nine pounds, and eight shillings, of like money.*

Within the sheriffdom of Inverness, the monthly sum of one hundred pounds, sixteen shillings, and eleven pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom of Ross* the monthly sum of one hundred fourteen pounds, eleven shillings, and one penny three farthings, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom of Nairn, the monthly sum of twenty three pounds, one shilling, and ten pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom of Cromarty* the monthly sum of five pounds, thirteen shillings, and five pence three farthings, ot tike money.

Within the sheriffdom of Argyll, the monthly sum of one hundred

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III, c. 2.

hundred fixity one pounds, eighteen shillings, and five pence, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom of Fife and Kinross, the monthly sum of four hundred thirty pounds, and one penny halfpenny, of like money. t

Within the sheriffdom of Forfar', the monthly sum of twq hundred seventy two pounds, three shillings, and feveri pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom of Bamff, the ninthly sum of ninety five pounds, twelve shillings, and seven pence, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom of Sutherland, the monthly sum of twenty seven pounds, eighteen shillings, and eight pence halfpenny, of like money.

Withip the sheriffdom of Caithrtefs % the monthly sum of forty, nine pounds, sixteen shillings, and five pence farthing, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom of Elgin, the monthly sum of eighty eight pounds, one shilling, and three pence, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom of Orkney and- Zetland, the monthly (um of ninety pounds, nine shillings, and eleven pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the sheriffdom of Clackmannan, the monthly sum of twenty nine pounds, five shillings, and eleven pence farthing, of like money.

Within the city of Edinburgh, the monthly sum of three.hundred thirty two pounds, eleven shillings, and three pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Perth, the monthly sum of thirty eight pounds, eight shillings, and three pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Dundee, the monthly sum of sixty pounds, Seventeen shillings, and two pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Aberdeen, the monthly sum of sixty six pounds, sixteen shillings, and eleven pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Striveling, the monthly sum of seventeen pounds, nineteen shillings, and one penny three farthings, of like money.

Within the burgh of Linlithgow, the monthly sum of sixteen pounds, nineteen shillings, and two pence half-penny, of like money.

Within the city of Saint Andrew, the monthly sum of fourteen pounds, and sixteen shillings, of like money.

Within the city of Glasgow, the mbnthly sum of one hundred nineteen pounds, and fifteen shillings, of like money.

Within the burgh of Air, the monthly sum of seventeen pounds, five shillings, and nine pence three farthings, of like'money.

Within the burgh of Haddington, the monthly sum of seventeen pounds, nineteen shillings, and one penny three farthings, of like money.

Within the bureh of Dyfart, the monthly sum of feveri pounds, nineteen millings, and (even pence halfpenny, of like money.

Anno primo GgoxtStlIff, c. i. f i

Within the burgh of Kirtaldit, the monthly sum of twenty two pounds, eighteen shillings, and eleven pence, farthing, like money.

Within the burgh of Montrosi, the monthly (hm of eighteen' pounds, nineteen shillings, and one penny farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Ctwper, the monthly sum of nine pounds, nineteen millings, and six pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of Anjfruthet Bajitr, the monthly sum of one pound, nineteen shillings, and ten pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the burgh of Dumfreisthe monthly sum of sixteen pounds, twelve shillings, and six pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the burgh of Inverness, the monthly sum of seventeen pounds, nineteen shillings, and one penny three farthings, of like money.

Within the burgh of Brunt Iflathe monthly sum' of nine- Ren pounds, fifteen shillings, and eight pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the burgh of Inverkeithing, the monthly sum of three pounds, nineteen shillings, and nine pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of Kinghorn, the monthly sum of four pounds, nine shillings, and nine pence halfpenny, of like money*

Within the burgh of Brechin, the monthly sum of five pounds, seven shillings, and nine pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Irwin, the monthly sum of eight pounds, nineteen shillings, and (even pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Jedburgh, the monthly sum of eight pounds, nineteen millings, and seven pence, of like money.

Within the burgh or Kirkcudbright., the monthly of seven pounds, nineteen shillings, and seven pence halfpenny, of Iik* money.

Within the burgh of Wigtown, the monthly sum of six pounds, nineteen shillings, and eight pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Pattenween, the monthly sum of six pounds, thirteen shillings, and one farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Dum/ermhng, the monthly sum of seven pounds, nineteen shillings, and seven pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of Anjlruther Wefltr, the monthly sum of two pounds, nine shillings, and ten pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Selkirk, the monthly sum of six pounds, thirteen shillings, and one farthing, of like money.

Within the Burgh of Dumbarton, the monthly sum of four pounds, nineteen shillings, and six pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of Renfrew* the monthly sum of three

*?So.J Anno primo Gtokoit III. c. t,

pounds, jainctwa ftnlhng*, and nine peace halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of Lmerk, the monthly him of five pounds^ nineteen shillings, and eight pence farthing, of like money.

I Within the burgh of Abarbnthack, the monthly Aim of four pounds, nine (hidings, and nine pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of Elgin, die monthly sum nine pounds, riineteen shillings, and six pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of Peebles, the monthly sum of five pounds, nineteen shillings, and eight pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of Qrailt, the monthly turn of eight pounds, nineteen shillings, and (even pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Tayne, the monthly sum of three pounds, nine Ihihings, and nine pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the burgh of Cuhrtfs, the monthly sum of three pounds, nineteen shillings, and nine pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of Bamff, the monthly sum of three pounds, nineteen shillings, and nine pence halfpenny, of like money.

Within the burgh of Whithorn, the monthly Aim of nineteen Shillings, and eleven pence farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Forfar, the monthly sum of one pound*

nineteen shillings, and ten pence three farthings; of like money.

Within the burgh of Rathe say, the monthly Aim of two pounds, nineteen shillings, and ten pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Nairn, the monthly sum of one pound, nine shillings, and eleven pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Forres, the monthly sum of two pounds, nine Shillings, and ten pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of RuthergUn, the monthly sum of one pound, nine shillings, and eleven pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Narth Berwick, the monthly Aim of nine shillings, and eleven pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the burgh of Culien, the monthly sum of nineteen shillings, and eleven pence farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Lander, the monthly sum of two pounds, nineteen shillings, and ten pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Kin tore, the monthly Aim of nineteen Shillings, and eleven pence farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Kilrenty, the monthly Atm of nineteen (hidings, and eleven pence farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Amtand, the monthly sum of nineteen shillings, and eleven pence farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Loekmabtn, the monthly Aim of nineteen shillings, and sleren pence farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Santuhar, the moothfa sum of nineteen ftiilHags, and eleven pence farthing, of like money.

V]S Anno primo Georgii III. C.2. f i}6o.

Within the burgh of New Galloway, the monthly sum of nine shillings, and eleven pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the burgh of Dingwall, the monthly sum of nineteen shillings, and eleven pence farthing, of like money.

Within the burgh of Dornock, the monthly sum of one pound, nine shillings, and eleven pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the burgh of ueensferry, the monthly sum of four pounds, nineteen shillings, and nine pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Fortro/s, the monthly sum of two pounds, nine shillings, and ten pence halfpenny, of like money. t Within the burgh of Inverury, the monthly sum of one pound, nine shillings, and eleven pence three farthings, of like money*

Within the burgh of Weike, the monthly sum of one pound, thirteen shillings, and three pence, of like money.

Within the burgh of Innerierveyf the monthly sum of nine shillings, and eleven pence three farthings, of like money.

Within the burgh of Kirkwall, the monthly sum of four pounds, nineteen shillings, and nine pence, of like money.

' Within the burghs of Straenraver and Cambleton, the monthly sum of two pounds, nine shillings, and ten pence halfpenny, of like money.

to be rated as CXXIII. Provided always, That the proportion of the said bo-

noVisonshall rou8^s 'n Scotland, be rated and paid as their tax roll now is or be settled by shall be settled by themselves: any thing in this act contained to themselves. the contrary notwithstanding.

The first two.

CXXIV. And it is hereby enacted, That the said new supply monthscefs in Scotland is to be paid at the terms following; that is to say, a° fane i 61. The sum of eleven thousand nine hundred eighty eiriit pounds, J n , 1?*tfin shillings, and three pence halfpenny, of lawful money of Great Britain, for the first two months cess, shall be payable on or before the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hun-Second 19 dred and sixty one.; and the like sum of eleven thousand nine

Sept. 1761, hundred eighty eight pounds, ten shillings, and three pence half-

penny, of like money, as the second two months cess, on or before the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven, hundred and sixty one; and the like sum of eleven thousand

1761. 15 C hundred eighty eight pounds, ten shillings, and three pence halfpenny, of like money, as the third two months cess, on or before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and the like sum of eleven thousand nine Fourth5 hundred eighty eight pounds, ten shillings, and three pence half-March, 176*. penny> of like money, as the remaining two months cess, on or before the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

CXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission- That all and every person and persons who in and oy the said ers for putting of parliament made and passed in the thirty first year of the this act m ex reign Of jjj8 jate majesty King George the Second, intituled, Ah Scotland*!1 for appointing of for putting in execution an act of this

session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an. aid to his

Anno primo GfcOftGii III. c. a. 177

Majesty, by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and ior enforcing the payment of the rates to be assessed upon Somerset House in the Strand; and for rectifying a mijiake in the said act \ and for allowing further time to the receivers of certain aids*, for setting insuper for monies in arrear s were named, appointed, or authorized to be of for putting in execution the same ad, within the several shires or stewartries of Scotland, or such of them who have qualified or shall qualify themselves according to the laws of Scotland in that behalf, shall be of for ordering, raising, and levying the supplies in Scotland by this act granted, in and for the same shires and stewartries respectively; which said comtpiflioners shall put in execution this present act, and the powers therein contained, within and for the same shires and stewartries respectively; and the said of have hereby power to choose their own clerk, and to do every thing concerning the said supply, as is prescribed and appointed by the cess act of the sixth of November, one thousand seven hundred and six, and other acts made in any former parliament of Scotland, to which the said act of the sixth of November, one thousand seven hundred and six, doth relate, holding the same as if therein repeated.

CXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted. That execution And execu-Shall be done in Scotland for bringing in the said supply, to be as°by°the fud raised there, as is provided by the same acts in all points not al- ads/ tered by this act; and that the first meeting of the said comtnif- First meeting sioners of shires in Scotland shall be at the respective head burghs to be at the thereof the thirtieth day of April* one thousand seven hundred head hurghs and sixty one; and that the sheriffs and stewarts, or their depu- on 9

ties, do intimate the same to the said of of their shires and stewartries; with power to the said of to appoint the subsequent diets of their meetings, and their conveners, from time to time; as also to appoint collectors, with such caution as they shall think fit.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- All clauses in said. That all clauses contained in former acts of parliament of former acts Scotland, and convention of estates there, in relation to the bring- j*e!at*ng to the ing in of the cess, and quartering, and touching riding-money,

shall stand in full force, as to the supply now imposed upon Scot- to be in full land, as if they were herein expressed, and as they were observ- force, ed before the making this act.

CXX VIII. And it is hereby declared. That no person, whe- No persons m ther heretor or collector, liable in payment of the said supply to Scotland hold* be raised in Scotland, shall be holden to produce the receipts and f^eir reccf1: ^ discharges of the same, after three years from the respective terms of payment, unless diligence be done therefore by denunciation within the said three years; in which case of diligence by denunciation, one year farther is only added to the said three years; and none (lull be holden to produce receipts or discharges thereafter.

CXXIX. And because by the supply hereby granted to be raised in VoL. XXIII. N Scot-

ij % Anno primo Georgii III. c* 2. [1760.

Debtor owing Scotland, the lands, rents9 and burghs there an only burthened9 and money m j( fcing reafinable that the personal efiates in money shall bear form percent.proportional burthen $ be it further enacted by the authority afore-retain a 6th said, That every debtor owing money in Scotland, at six pounds part of 6 per per centum interect, shall, in the payment of his annual rents, cent, from 11 have retention in his own hands of a sixth part of fix per centum, nNo^n^ anc* this retention to be from the eleventh day of November, one 7*thousand seven hundred and sixty, to the eleventh day of No* vember9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty one \ and it is hereby declared. That it shall be usury for any creditor to refute to grant the said retention there.

CXXX. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the autho-to*bJ raised'rity ^ove^9 That the said sum of forty seven thousand nine free of all hundred fifty four pounds, one shilling, and twopence, shall be

charges, raised in Scotland, in the respective shires, stewartries, cities, and boroughs, free of all charges to his Majesty, and shall, in like and to be paid m*nner, be paid at the city of Edinburgh, to such person or per-at Edinburgh, suns as the of of the treasury, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, shall constitute and appoint to be receiver general or receivers thereof for his Majesty's use; which said general receiver or receivers shall be answerable and accountable for the same to his Majesty in the exchequer.

No person to CXXXI. Provided nevertheless, That no person appointed be acommif- by this act to be a commissioner for executing the several powers fioner of the and things herein enabled, within any county or stewartry in that hind tax, in part (frMt Britain called Scotland, shall be enabled or capable Unot enfeoff to be a commissioner of the land tax, or for executing the several of tool. Scots powers and things herein enabled, who is not enfeoft in fupe-perann. real riority or property, or possessed as proprietor or life-renter of relit, in the lands valued in the tax roll of the county or stewartry where he ha6?sWhCfC to t^ie c*tent onc hundred pounds Scots per annum, excepting the eldest fons and heirs apparent of persons who are so Exception, enfeoftof landstotheextentandofthevaluationaforesaid; and that

every person, who shall take upon him toa& as a commissioner for executing any of the powers or things in this act contained, within any county or stewartry in Scotland, without being enfeoft in superiority or property, or in the possession of lands in such county or stewartry, of the aforesaid value or extent, or without being eldest son and heir apparent of a person so enfeoft, or in possession, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds sterling for every such acting; to be recovered by a<ftion, complaint, or pe* tition, in a summary way, at the suit of any heretor within the said county or stewartry before the county or stewart court, or before the lordsof session in Scotland $ and that in case of any such suit or complaint entered before any of the courts aforesaid, the person complained of shall be obliged to prove that he is enfeoft, or in possession, or is son and heir apparent of a person so en-feoft, or in possession of an estate in superiority or property, within the county where he hath taken upon him to act, of the aforesaid value or extent, or otherwise shall forfeit the said penalty a>i twenty pounds sterling* without any proof Or evidence to be

brought

i79

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III, c.

brought on the plaintiff's part, other than that the person com* plained of hath taken upon him to act as commissioner for executing the several powers and things in this act contained.

CXXXII. Provided always, That all and every person ap- C°7nIsc^<ia* d pointed by this act to be a commissioner for executing the feve- t^uRe^he*1 ral powers and things herein enacted, in that part of Great Brt- oaths, and tain called Scotland, shall, before his acting as a commissioner in subscribethe the execution of this act, or any the powers therein contained, assurance. take and subscribe the oaths of allegiance and abjuration, and subscribe the assurance appointed by law to be taken and sub-Jcribed by persons in offices of publick trust in Scotland, upon pain of forfeiting the fam of twenty pounds sterling; which oaths it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the said of to administer, and they are hereby required to administer the same accordingly. P ft &

CXXXIIL Provided nevertheless, That any proyost, bailie, ©t anyroiS

dean of guild, treasurer, master of the merchants company, or borough may-deacon convener of the trades for the time being of any royal aft as a com-borough, and any bailie for the time being of any borough of regality, or barony, herein named or appointed a commissioner for putting this act in execution in any county or stewartry, shall be capable of acting as a commissioner for such county or stewartry 5 and that it mall not be lawful to or for the court of fef-iion, or any other courts or magistrates in Scotland, to grant, by /ufpension, or otherwise, any stay or flop to the bringing in of the said supply, by quartering, according to the proportions settled and ascertained by the aforesaid of for the several shires, and by the royal burghs, according to their usage and practice $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to clauft of loan and for any person or persons, natives and foreigners, bodies at ^' Percent* politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, any sum or sums or money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two millions, upon the credit of the said several rates, assessments, and sums of money, by this act granted, to be raised in the several parts of Great Britain as aforesaid; and such other monies as are by this act appointed for repaying the same, with the interest thereof; and to have and receive for the forbearance of the money lent, interest after a rate not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, so ms such loans be allowed to be made by the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to issue their warrants for that purpose, as fa(^ as such loans shall be wanted for the publick service: and moreover, that no money so to be lent upon the security of this act, shall be rated or al-sessed by virtue of this act, or any other act of parliament what-

C*vl* m ... _

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every joan'" £e

Talliei of

180 Anno primo GEORGII. III. C.2. [1760.

person and persons, who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act, as aforesaid, and pay the same into the receipt of the exchequer, shall immediately have a tally of loan (truck for the same, and an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the same date with his, her, or their tally; in or upon which order shall be also contained a warrant for the payment of interest for the forbearance thereof, at a rate not exceeding the said rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and to be paid every three Orders regi- months, until the repayment of the principal; and all such ordered and paid ders for repayment of money, (b to be lent, shall be registered in in course. course according to the dates respectively; and that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course, according as their orders shall stand registered in the said register books, (o as the person or persons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders first entered in the said books of register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first person or persons to be paid out of the monies to come in by virtue of this act; and he, (he, or they, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid, and so successively and in course; and that the monies to come in by virtue of this act, of or for the said several rates and assessments to be raised in Great Britain, as aforesaid, shall be in the same order liable to the satisfaction of the said respective persons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns respectively, without any undue preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever; and that no fee, reward, or gratuity, di-redly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's subjects, for providing or making any such books or registers, or any entries, view$, or searches, in or for payment of money lent, or the interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieyed, by the party offending, with full costs of suit; or if the officer himself take or Penalty for demand any such fee or reward, then to lose his place also; and undue pre- jf any undue preference of one before another shall be made ei-

ference. ther jn pQjnt of registry or payment, contrary to the true meaning;

of this act, by any such officer or officers, then the party offending shall be liable by action of debt, or on the case, to pay the value of the debt, with full costs of suit, to the party grieyed, and shall be forejudged of his place or office; and if such preference shall be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his master, then such deputy or clerk, only shall be liable to such action, debt, damages, and costs* and shall for ever be incapable of his place or office; and in case the auditor of the receipt shall not direct the said orders of loan, or the cle k of the pells record, or the tellers make payment upon such order, according to each person's due place and order, as before directed; then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and 2.the

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III c. 2. 181

the respective deputies and clerks, therein offending, to be liable to such action, debt, damages, and costs, in such manner as aforesaid: all which said penalties, forfeitures, damages, and costs, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, mall and may be recovered by acfion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster \ wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

CXXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That No undue if it shall happen that several tallies of loan, or orders for payment, as aforesaid, bear date, or be brought the same day to the ai e ^tej or auditor of the receipt toberegistered, then it shall be interpreted brought the no undue preference, which of those be entered first, so as he en- same day: ters them all the same day.

CXXXVII. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted Nor if fnbfe any undue preference, to incur any penalty in point of payment, quent orders if the auditor direct, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay subsequent orders to persons that come and demand not demanded their monies, and bring their orders, before other persons whoincourse. did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in course; so as there be so much money reserved as will satisfy precedent orders; which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; interest upon loan being to cease from the time the money is so reserved and kept in bank for them.

CXXXVIIL And be it further enacted, That all and every 0nlers nm person and persons to whom any money shall be due for loans to a^|C#rs a lga" be registered by virtue of this act, after order entered in the book of register aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, by proper words of assignment to be indorsed and written on his, her, or their order, may assign and transfer his, her, or their right, title, interect, and benefit of such order, to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof also made in the book of register aforesaid for orders (which the officers shall upon request, without fee or charge, accordingly make)

shall intitle such assignee, his executors, administrators, successi-ors, and assigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and such assignee may, in like manner, assign again, and so toties quoties \ and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

CXXXIX. And) to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain jum, not to exceed in the whole two millions, to be raised, either by such loans as aforesaid, or by issuing exchequer bills, as is herein af- ter-mentioned, or by both or either of those ways or means, for the publick service; be it further provided and enabled by the autho- commi'Eon-rity aforesaid. That in case the of of his Majesty's en of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafnry tm-treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the trea- Powereti to

N 7 furvJ"^*Y

3 lury numbei ot

I$2

one common sum, or different sums, in the principal monies.

Bills to bear Interest at 4U percent, per ann.

These bills tc be numbered arithmetically-

Treasury to direct the course of payment for loans or exchequer bill*,

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. [1760.

fury for the time being, shall judge itadviseable to raise the said sum of two millions* or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, in-dead of such loans as aforesaid, then they respectively are here* by authorized and impowered at any time or times, at once, or by such proportions at a time, as they respectively shall find to be most for the advantage of the publick, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the exchequer, in such method and form as they or he shall think most (afe and convenient, any number of new exchequer bills, containing one common sum* or different sums, in the principal monies, so that in case there shall be no loans made, then all the principal dims to be con* tained in the said bills to be made forth by this act, shall not exceed two millions; and in case any such loans shall be made as aforesaid, then all the principal sums to be contained in the said bills to be made forth by this aid, together with such loans so made, shall not exceed the said sum of two millions.

CXL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said bills to be prepared and made in pursuance of this act, shall and may bear an interest not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per and proportionally for any greater or less sum to be contained therein, and to be payable to the bearer thereof respectively 5 nevertheless the said interest shall be abated and saved upon fochof the said bills to be mad* forth by this act, as shall at any time or times be in the receipt of the exchequer, or in the hands or power of any receivers or collectors of act, taxes, aids, or revenues whatsoever, payable to his Majesty, his heirs, and iuccessors, during such time and times respectively, as such bills shall be or remain in the said receipt, or in such hands or power as aforetaidr

CXLJ* And it is hereby enacted. That all the said bills, so to > be prepared and made, shall be numbered arithmetically, beginning with N I. and so proceeding in an arithmetical pro-greflion ascending, wherein the common excess or difference shall always be one, and shall be registered accordingly, so that the principal sum to be contained in every such bill (after repayment of the loan* which shall have been made as aforesaid, if any such be, with the interest thereof, or reserving money sufficient for that purposej may regularly be paid off, and discharged in course, according to the number of every such bid, as it shall (land in the said register; and that the interest upon all and every the said bills shall be payable every three months, according to the purport and true meaning of this act; and that upon every such bill there shall be indorsed, printed, or written, in words at length, or in figures, the sum, after which the principal to be contained therein shall be payable in such course, as aforesaid, according to the purport and true meaning of this act.

CXI/1I. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the said sum, not exceeding two millions, shall be raised partly by loans, and partly by exchequer bills, according to the powers before given by this act; that then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the of

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. 183

(toners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, when and as often as they (hah, by virtue of the said powers, direct any such loans to be taken, or any such exchequer bills to be made out, at the same time also to direct and appoint the course and order in which such loans or exchequer bills shall stand upon the said register, and after what time they shall respectively begin to be payable in course, out of the monies arising by this act, so as no such subsequent loans or exchequer bills be made to alter the course at first appointed for prior loans or exchequer bills, at the time of taking in, or making out, such prior loans or exchequer bills; anything herein before contained to the contrary in any wiii notwithstanding.

CxLIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the said an<*to aPP0, nt bills shall be prepared and made with such cheques, indents, c lcqucs' or counterfoils, as shall be directed by the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for time being; and that the person or persons, who is, are, or shall be appointed to pav off the said bills in course, shall, from time to time, have theule and custody of one part of all the cheques, indents, or counterfoils of the said exchequer bills, to be prepared and made by virtue of this act, from which the said bills shall have been cut, to prevent his or their being imposed upon by counterfeit or forged bills; and that the undertakers or contradors for exchanging or circulating the said bills, or such of them as shall be current, shall, from time to time, have theufeand custody of one other part of all the said cheques, indents, or counterfoils of the said exchequer bills, from which the same shall have been cut off, as aforesaid, in order to prevent their being imppfed upon by any counterfeit or forged bills; and that all the said parts of the said cheques, indents, or counterfoils, shall be delivered hack into the exchequer when the said bills to be made forth by virtue of this act shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged.

CXLIV. And it is hereby enacted, That the of The bills to of the treasury* or any three or more of them now being, and be placed as the high treasurer, or any three or more of the of o^h^aer1^* the treasury for the time being, shall, and they are hereby re- cc* spectively authorized and impowered to cause such bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this act, to be placed as so much cash in the respective offices of the tellers of the said receipt of exchequer, each and every of which tellers shall be severally charged with the proportion of the said bills, which shall be so placed in his office respectively.

CXLV. And it is hereby also enacted and declared, That the and to be HTu-said bills in the hands of the said tellers shall be locked up and able thereout secured as cash, according to the course of the exchequer; and in common shall be taken and efteemSl as so much in part of the remains in ^onie! w real money wherewith each of the said tellers shall, from time IP time, star)d charged, and shall, in commonwith otherthemo-k N 4 pie*

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. [1760.

nics in the said exchequer, be issuable and reiffuable thereout, to any person or persons desiring to receive the same, for and in lieu of so much money as the principal sums contained in the said bills, with the interest due thereon at the time of such iflu-ing or reiffuing thereof, shall amount unto; any law or usage ta the contrary notwithstanding. and to be cur- CXLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

relit in the That all and every the said exchequer bills to be made forth by

revenue. virtue of this act, or so many of them as shall, from time to

time, remain undischarged and uncancelled, shall and may be received and taken, and shall pass and be current to all and every the receivers and collectors in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, already granted, due, or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be

granted, due, or payable, to his Majesty, his heirs, and succes-

fors, and also at the receipt of the exchequer, from the said receivers or collectors, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, making any payments or loans there to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for or upon any account, cause, or occasion whatsoever, according to the purport and true meaning of this act; and that such of the same bills as shall be received at the exchequer, shall and may be .locked up and secured as cash, according to the course of the exchequer, settled and established by law, for locking up and Receivers to securing monies received in specie there; and that all and every for ready mo- rece'vers an<* collectors in Great Britain of the customs, ex-ney. Y cife, or any revenue, aid, tax, or supply whatsoever, already granted, due, or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due, or payable, to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, shall, and they are hereby directed and required, - out of any current coined money, as shall then be in his or their hands, of such revenue, aid, tax, or supply, to pay such of the same bills as shall be brought to them respectively, by any per- 1 son or persons desiring to have money for the same: and in case any such receiver or collector shall refuse or neglect to exchange such bill or bills for ready money, for the space of twenty four hours, then the person or persons demanding the same, shall and may bring an action of debt, or on the case, for the principal and interest money due upon such bill or bills, against such receiver or collector, having money in his hands as aforesaid; in which action the plaintiff shall or may declare, that such receiver or collector is indebted to the plaintiff in the money demanded upon every such bill, according to the form of the Statute, and hath not paid the same, which (hall- be sufficient; and the plaintiff in every such action shall recover against the receiver or collector, not only the monies so negleCted or refused to be paid, but also his full costs of suit; and such receiver and collector shall be subject or liable thereunto; and in such action noelfoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed, or pnore than one imparlance; and upon payment of the monies

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. 185

so to be recovered, the plaintiff, his executors, or assigns, shall deliver up such bills to the defendant, his executors, oraifigns.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That as any of the said Tallies to be bills shall at any time or times hereafter within the respective |evicf* ^bilia times, during which they shall be current pursuant to this act, ^uCr.C be paid or lent into the exchequer, by any of his Majesty's receivers, or other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, making any payments or loans at that receipt, the officers there shall cause tallies to be levied, and delivered to the payers or lenders, as amply and effectually, to all intents or purposes, as if they had made such payments or loans in specie.

CXLvIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Interest to the interest which shall, from time to time, be due upon any of continue till the bills to be current as aforesaid, shall be allowed to all per- Payment % fons, bodies politick and corporate, paying the same to any receiver or collector, receivers or collectors, of any of his Majesty's revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, or by way of exchange as aforesaid, to the respective days whereupon such bill or bills shall be so paid, exchanged, or lent.

CXLIJC. Provided always, That no interest shall run, or be to paid upon or for any such bill or bills, during the time any such cease whilst the bill or bills so paid, exchanged, or lent, shall remain in the hands bills are in the of any of the said receivers or collectors, or in the hands of any hands of reteller or tellers of the exchequer; but for such time the interest on ccivers* every such bill (h*ll cease.

CLf. And* to the end it may be known for what time fuel bills bearing interest shall* from time to tirpe* remain in the hands of such receivers or collectors or in the exchequer as aforesaid; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the person or persons, who shall pay any Bij|s to such bill or bills so bearing interect, to any receivers or collectors receiver*, &c. of any of his Majesty's revenues, aids, taxes, and supplies, by to be signed way of exchange, or otherwise; or shall pay or lend such bill or dated, bills, so bearing interect, into the exchequer as aforesaid, shall, at the time of making such payment, exchange, or loan, on each bill bearing interect, and so paid, exchanged, or lent, put his or their name or names, and write thereupon, in words at length, the day of the month and year, in which he, (he, or they so piaid, exchanged, or lent such bill or bills bearing interest; all which the said receivers and collectors respectively, and also the respective tellers in the exchequer, shall take care to fee done and performed accordingly; to which respective days the said receivers interest to be and collectors shall be allowed again the interect, which he, (he, allowed to the or they shall have allowed or paid upon such respective bill or said, days, bills, upon his or their paying the same into the receipt of exchequer as aforesaid.

CLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said bills, or any of them, may be The bills may reissued and paid again out of his Majesty's exchequer; and be reifTued, when the same shall be reifTued and paid again out of his Majesty's exchequer, the respective teller there, from whose office such bill or bills bearing interest shall be so reifTued, or again

paid

both for principal and interest.

Receivers to keep a book.

Bills filled up by indorsements, or defaced to be exchanged.

Anno primo Georgii III. c.. [1760.

paid out, shall indorse on the same bill or bills so reissued, in words at length, the day of the month and year, in which the same were reissued gr repaid out of the exchequer, and alSo on what account the same were last received into the exchequer, and sign the same; from which time the interest of such bill or bills so reissued or paid again shall revive 1 and such bill or bills shall revive, run, and pass at interect, as the same did before they were paid unto, or received by the said receivers or collect tors, or before the same were paid or lent into the exchequer, as aforesaid.

CLII. And it is hereby enacted, That the same bills to be reissued, from time to time, or at any time, at the exchequer, as aforesaid, shall be so reissued for the principal money to be contained therein, and for so much interest as was due thereon, and allowed by the teller at thercipective time and times, when such bill and bills were last paid into the exchequer.

CLIII. And be it enacted, That every receiver general of any the revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, belonging or to belong to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, shall keep a fair book or books of account in writing of all the monies by him received; in which he, or his deputy or deputies, shall truly enter all the sums which shall have been received by him or them, for every such revenue, aid, tax, or supply, together with the names of the several collectors from whom the same, or any part thereof, was received, the days when, and the sums paid, how much thereof in money, and how much thereof in such exchequer bills, and what exchequer bills shall have been exchanged' by every such receiver general, pursuant to this act; to which account every person concerned shall have free access at all seasonable times, without fee or charge; and the said accounts shall lie constantly open at one certain place within the limits of his receipt for that purpose; and if such receiver shall neglect to keep such book or books, or enter therein any sum or sums of money by him received and paid as aforesaid, by the space of three days after his receipt or payment of the same, or shall refuse any person or persons concerned to inspect such book or books without fee or reward as aforesaid; every such receiver, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who will sue for the same, to be recovered by action of debt, or upon the case, bill, suit, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed, or more than one imparlance.

CLIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any of the exchequer bills which shall be current as aforesaid, shall be filled up by writing or indorsement made thereon as aforesaid, or shall by any accident be defaced, it shall and maybe lawful for the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the tiifie being, and he god they are hereby ^uthori^ed and

i87

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.

im powered, by his or their discretion, from time to time, to cause new bills to be made forth at the receipt of exchequer, in lieu of such bills which shall be so filled up or defaced; which bills so filled up or defaced shall be cancelled at the receipt of exchequer, and kept there 00 a file or files for that purpose; and such bills so to be madeforth in lieu thereof, shall have a like currency, and shall m all respects be subject to the same rules, methods, and continuance, ms the bills so filled up were intended to have been by this act, and shall bear the same numbers, dates, and principal sums, and carry the like interect, as was borne and carried by the bills so cancelled respectively.

CLV. And it is hereby enacted, That, for the greater ease Bills not ex-and dispatch of publick business at the exchequer, it shall and ceeding 50001. may be lawful to and for the of of the treasury, or at

any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time ti, e exchequer, being, and he and they are hereby authorized and enabled, in case he or they shall so think fit, to cause exchequer hills for any large Turns, not exceeding five thousand pounds each, to be made forth at the receipt of the exchequer, and to be placed as cash in the said receipt, in lieu of the like value of the principal contained in the said exchequer bills made forth forlefler sums, which at the time of making such large bills shall happen to be 'in the same receipt, which shall be at the same cancelled and discharged, and be kept there on a file for that purpose; and such new bills for such large sums shall and may be issued at the said receipt, and have the same currency, and be in all refoe&s Tub-je& to the same rules, methods, and continuance, and carry the like interect, and have the same security, benefits, and advantages; and the same pains of death, ana other pains, penalties, and forfeitures, for any crime or offence relating thereunto,

shall be inflisted, incurred, and put in execution, as if they had been originally issued by virtue of this act for the said lesser bills; pny thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLVI. And it is hereby enacted by the authority afordsaid, Forging ex-That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit any ex- chequer bills chequer bill which shall have been made forth by virtue of this fclcny* act, before the same shall be paid off and cancelled, or any exchequer bills to be renewed or made forth in pursuance of this act, or any indorsement or writing thereupon or therein, or tender in payment any such forged or counterfeit bill, or any exchequer bill with such counterfeit indorsement or writing thereon, or shall demand to have such counterfeit bill, or any such exchequer bill, with such counterfeit indorsement or writing thereupon or therein, exchanged for ready money, by any person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, who shall be obliged or required to exchange the same, or by any other person or persons whatsoever, knowing the bill so tendered in payment, or demanded to be exchanged, or the indorsement or writing thereupon or therein, to be forged or counterfeit, and with intent to defraud hft Majesty, his heirs, and successors, or the persons to pe appointed to pay off the same, or any of them, or to pay any

j 88 Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. [ij§o.

interest thereupon, or the person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, who shall contract to circulate or exchange the same, or any of them, or any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate; then every such person or persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer as in cales of felony without benefit of clergy.

How the mo- CLVII. And to the end, intent, and purpose, that all the monies to nie* arising by be lent at the exchequer, on the credit of this act, within the time b"9 before limited in that behalf not exceeding as aforesaid, may be duly

e app 1*repaid, and the intcrejl thereof jufly satisfied at the said receipt, and ' that all the exchequer bills to be made forth by virtue of this act, not exceeding as aforesaid, may likewise be paid off and discharged in their due course and order at such publick office, as is hereafter in and by this act appointed in that behalf; and to the end the same bills, orfo jnany of them as shall from time to time remain undischarged\ may the better obtain a currency for such time as they or any of them are hereby intended to be current; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the money which shall from time to time arise at the receipt of the exchequer, of or for the aids, taxes, or assessments, by this act granted, shall, from time to time, as the same shall arise at the said receipt, be issued and applied at the same receipt either for or towards paying off and discharging the orders of loan, for the money which shall have been lent at the said receipt, within the time herein before limited in that behalf, and for satisfying the interest thereof, in such course, man-.ner and form, as are before in this act prescribed and appointed for that purpose, or fcc ifiucd to such paymaster as is herein after mentioned, by way of imprest and upon account, for or towards paying off and discharging the exchequer bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this act, in such course as aforesaid, and for and towards paying the interest quarterly to become due on the said bills, and for or towards the charge of exchanging and circulating the same bills, or any of them, and for or towards such other payments as are in and by this act di-reded or allowed to be made ordischarged out of the same, and for no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

CLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-9 Sept. 1761 That on the twenty ninth day of September one thousand count of alfC seven hundred and sixty two, or within ten days after, the commopie* raised missionersof the treasury, or any three or more of them now be-and diicbarg- ing, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall cause a true and

perfect account in writing to be taken and attested by the proper officers, of all the monies which shall have been raised by loans, or by exchequer bills, or by any or either of those ways or means, for or towards the said sum, not exceeding two millions, by this act intended to be raised as aforesaid, and how much thereof shall before thattime have been paid off ordischarged, and how much thereof shall then remain undischarged, upon the said orders of loan apd exchequer bijls respectively, qr upon any or

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. 189

either of them; which account shall be publicldy affixed in the office of the auditor of the receipt in the said exchequer.

CL1X. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority a- Unfatidied forefaicj, That the monies foremaining unsatisfied, or not discharg- raojic* ed, with the interest due or to grow due for the same, shall be paid J^t ° c and satisfied out of the next aid or aids to be granted in parliament, after the said twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and shall be transferred thereunto, as soon as such aid or aids shall be granted; and if no such aid or aids shall be granted, whereunto such unsatisfied monies shall be transferred, before the twenty fourth day of March, one finkingfun thousand seven hundred and sixty three, then the monies so remaining unsatisfied and undischarged, with the interest due or to grow due for the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable, upon such monies, as at any time or times shall be and remain in the same receipt of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues composing the sinking fund (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses, by any former act or atfts of parliament in that behalf) any such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued for the paying off and discharging the said orders of loan, an*, for satisfying the interest thereof, and for supplying money to the said pay-master, for discharging the said unsatisfied exchequer bills in course, with interest remaining due thereupon, as the said of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall direct, until all the principal and interect, which shall be or remain due upon the said loans or exchequer bills, or any of them, shall be fully cleared and paid off, or money sufficient shall be reserved for th^t purpose; and if at any time or times before or after any of the said aids, taxes, or assessments hereby granted shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying interect, which shall be actually incurred and grown due upon the said loans or exchequer bills, or any of them, or for payment of any premium or rate, which shall be incurred and grown due by any contract or contra&sto be made by virtue of this aeft, for circulating and exchanging the same bills; that then, and in every such case, the money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the monies of the said fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except before excepted) and be issued accordingly.

CLX. And whereas by reason of the multiplicity of payments, which are to be made in paying off such exchequer bills as shall be made forth by virtue of this act, and otherwise in relation to the same, it will be difficult, if not impoffble, that every particular payment shouli be directed, recorded, paid, and accounted for, by the several officers of the receipt of the exchequer, in the ordinary course of payments there used; therefore, and to the end the exchequer may regularly be discharged of all the monies required by this act to be applied for paying off the said exchequer bills, and other charges attending r the same, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the toappe^tpe of of the treasury, or any three or more of them tons to p^

now

190 Anno primo Georgii III. C.2. [1760.

oft principal now being, and the high treasurer, or any three or more of the ftSlSfWhlCl? of of the treasury for the time being, shall and may, to timebe in 'om ^me to by writing under his or their hand or hands, course of pay- constitute and appoint such person and persons as he or they shall ment upon ex- think fit, to be the pay matter to pay off anddischarge the principal chequer bill*. furt)S whjch shall, from time to time, be in course of payment upon the said exchequer bills, or any of them, and to pay the interest quarterly to become due thereupon, until they mall be paid off and discharged; and to pay the premium or premiums, rate or rates, which, according to any contradfc or contracts to be made, as is herein after mentioned, for exchanging and circulating the said bills, or any of them, shall be due or payable to such contractors; and to take in and put upon a file, from time to time, all such of the said bills, as shall be paid off, to be cancelled, as the of of the treasury, or the high treasurer, or of of the treasury for the time being, shall direct; and to do and perform, or cause or procure to be done and performed, such other matters and things in relation to the said bills, or the principal and interest therein to be con* tained, as to the said of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or to the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall seem meet, and be directed to be done and performed by such paymaster for the time being; all which payments shall be paid by such paymaster, from time to time, at an office to' be kept in or near the receipt of the exchequer at Westminster for that purpose; and that the commissionersofthe treasury, or any three or more of them now being, and the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall take, or cause to be taken, security, according to the best of his or their judgements, from all and every such person and persons so constituted, or to be constituted, for his or their due paying, answering, and accounting for all the said*monies which he or they shall receive, and for his and their true and faithful performance of his or their office or offices, trust or trusts, before mentioned.

Money as CLXL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, brought in, to That the said of of the treasury, or any three or kPa alwthC more t*lcm now being, and the high treasurer, or any three

paym ers. more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, once in every week, or oftener, ^s any of the money by this act appointed or intended to be applied for or towards paying off the said exchequer bills, or discharging any other the payments relating thereunto, according to the purport and true meaning of this act, shall be, or be brought into the exchequer, or be or remain there, shall, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained from his Majesty, his heirs, and sucessors, in that behalf, issue, or cause to be idiied, the same to such paymaster or paymasters already constituted or to be constituted as aforesaid, by way of imprest and upon account for or towards the paying off and discharging the said exchequer bills

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. a. 191

in such course as aforesaid* and such other payments relating to the said exchequer bills as are to be made by such paymaster or paymasters as aforesaid; and that he or they shall, from time to time, apply all the monies by him or them so to be received as he or they shall receive the same, from time to time, towards discharging the said bills in course, and other payments hereby directed and allowed, according to the purport and true mean^ ing of this present act, and not otherwise.

CLXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* The bills to That all the said bills to be made forth by virtue of this act* be registered shall be registered in course, according to their numbers* as afore- in>urfe. laid; and that the said registers shall lie open in the publick, office of the said paymaster for the time being f and a table* to shew how far the said bills shall be in course of payment, from time to time, shall be publtckly affixed in the said office; and that such register and table* or either of them* shall or may be viewed or inspected* at any seasonable time or times, by any person or periods desiring to view or insped the same* without tee or charge; and that the said bills shall be paid oft and discharged in course* according as their numbers shall stand in the said register; and the monies by this act appointed for payment of the same* shall, in the same order, be liable thereunto* without giving any undue preference, in paying any bill or bill of any subsequent number or numbers* before any bill or bills of any antecedent number or numbers, and shall not be diverted ordivertable to any use, intent, or purpose whatsoever, other than the uses and purposes by this act appointed for application of the same: nevertheless, in case it shall happen that several bills in course of payment shall on the same day be brought, and demanded to be paid oft, it shall not be interpreted an undue preference which of them the paymaster or paymasters do pay first, so as he or they do pay them all the same day; and it shall not be interpreted an undue preference to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the paymaster or paymasters do pay off the" bills to the persons that bring their bills, and demand their money in course, before others that do not bring their bills, and demand their money in course, so as such money be reserved as will satisfy precedent bills, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, and kept for them.

CLXIII. And it is hereby enacted. That the interest upon When interest the said bills shall cease from the respective times that money to ceaie.

(halt be reserved and kept in bank for discharging the same.

CLXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Pavmaster* the said paymaster or paymasters shall be subject ar>d liable to such inspection* examination, controul, and audit, and to such ^afury, rules in respect to paying, accounting, and other matters relating to the execution of the said office or trust of paymaster, as the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high ireasurer, or any three or more of the Conutiissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall think fit or rcafonatye to establish or appoint* from time to time, for the

192

Treasury to settle fafaries of clerks, See.

and to contract with per font to circulate bills. See.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2. [1760.

better execution of the intent and end of this act, to the satisfao tien of the proprietors of the said bills.

CLXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as well the person or persons constituted or to be constituted to the said office of paymaster, as also the person or persons appointed or to be appointed to examine and controul the receipts, payments, and doings of such paymaster or paymasters, shall respectively have and receive for the services of themselves respectively, and of the clerks and substitutes to be employed under them respectively, and for such charges as shall be ne*-ceffarily incident to the execution of their respective offices, such falarles, rewards, and allowances, as the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high, treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall judge to be reasonable, and direct in that behalf, and to be allowed upon the proper account or accounts of the said paymaster or paymasters.

CLXVI. And, for the better supporting the currency of the said bills to be made forth by this act, and to the end a sufficient provision may be made for citculating and exchanging for ready money, from time to time, the said bills, or such of them as shall, from time to time, remain lindischarged, during such time as they, or any of them, are to be current, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, on his Majesty's behalf, shall and may, from time to time, enter into any contract or contracts, for obliging any person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, who will voluntarily undertake this service, at his or their own costs or charges, to circulate and exchange, at some publick office in London or Westminster, for ready money, from time to time, all such of the said bills, which shall have been made forth by virtue of this act, as shall be demanded at such publick office, during the time or respect; ive times of such contract or contracts by paying in ready money, at their own costs and charges, upon every such demand, or within twenty four hours after, all the principal monies contained in every such bill to be demanded, and the interest which shall then be due thereupon, and so toties quoties, as often as any such bill shall be demanded; the said contractors or undertakers from time to , time, upon exchanging every such bill, taking in the bill so exchanged for their own use, and being allowed a rate, or several rates, not exceeding four pounds per centum per annum, as well for paying the said interect, at their own costs, as also in reward for their service, upon all the said bills so undertaken to be circulated; which said respective rate or rates shall be paid as is herein after mentioned; and the said contract or contracts shall be made in writing, and registered in the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be made to endure for such time and times jespectively, as shall be agreed by the contractors.

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c.2.

CLXVII. And it is hereby enacted, That such contractors, Contractors or any of them, shall not, for that cause only, be disabled from "ot d^led being a member or members of parliament, or be adjudged li- me^berTof able to be a bankrupt or bankrupts, within the intent and mean- parliament*ing of all or any the Statutes made against or concerning bank- nor liable to rupts; any law, Statute, or provision to the contrary notwith- be bankrupts, (landing.

CLXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the autho- may lower or rity aforesaid, That such contractors (with the consent and ap- raiie the inte-probation of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or £eft wi*h con* more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or of tre#" more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, and not otherwise) may, at any timq or times after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, by writing to be affixed upon the exchange of London, and by publication in the London Gazette, declare and direct, if they shall so fee cause and think fit, the said bills to be made forth by virtue of this act, or any number or part of them, to carry a lower or higher rate of interect, than the said rate of four pounds per centum per annum, for such time or times as shall be mentioned in such writing and publication, as aforesaid: and for the greater accommodation and ease of paying the said bills to be made forth by virtue of this act, or any of them, to the receivers and collectors of the publick revenues, and into the receipt of the exchequer, the said of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, have hereby power, at the request of such contractors, to make forth, or cause to be made forth, any of the said exchequer bills without bearing any interest; yet nevertheless those bills so to be made forth without bearing any interect, may, from time to time, be made to carry such interest as the said contractors shall, by writing to be affixed on the exchange of London, and published in the London Gazette, signify and declare in that behalf.

CLXIX. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, Contractors That the of of the treasury, or any three or more how to be of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more Pald# of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall cause the monies which shall, from time to time, be incurred and grown due to such contractors, upon such respective rates or premiums, not exceeding as aforesaid, to be paid out of the monies which shall, from time to time, be issued to the said pay-master or paymasters, as aforesaid; any former law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXX. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, No fee to be That no fee, reward, or gratuity, shall be demanded or taken, taken, directly or indirectly, by any of his Majesty's officers in the exchequer, or by any of their clerks or substitutes, or by any such paymaster or comptroller, or by their or either of their clerks or Vou XXIII. O substitutes,

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2'. [1760.

substitutes, from any of his Majesty's subjects, for any .matter or thing to be done by the said officers in the exchequer, or by the said p&ymaster or comptroller, or any of them, their, or any of their clerks or substitutes respectively, in purfuancoof this act j and that no such officer in the exchequer, paymaster, or comptroller, or any such clerk or substitute, shall divert or misappty, or cause or procure to be diverted or milapplied, any of the monies by this act intended for the exchanjpng, circulating, and paying off the said bills, or any of them, under such penalties and forfeitures to be incurred by, and inflicted on them respectively, as by this act are prescribed and enacted for diverting and milapplying any the monies of the said aids, taxes, or afleffi-ments, hereby granted, or for taking or demanding any fee, reward, or gratuity concerning the same.

No interest for CLXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That ts penny.1110nC °^cn^interest upon any exchequer bill or bills to be made p forth by this act, shall be demanded to be paid, the said con-'

traftors or paymasters shall not be obliged to pay for such into- rest, to any iefler sum than One penny upon such bill, in case a: single bill be produced, or fqr the total of the interest of such bills, where two or more shall be offered at one time by the same person; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Cha to be CLXXII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the au- paid out of the thority aforesaid, That the said of of thetreasury, sinking fund, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafuner, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall have power, and he or they are hereby enabled to pay and allow, or cause to be paid and allowed, out of the monies to arise of or for the said aid9, taxes, or afteffi* menu, hereby granted, or of or for the said surpluslfes, excesses, or overplus monies* and other revenues composing the sinking fund, from time to time, the necessary charges of making forth the1 new exchequer bills hereby authorized to be made forth, and such other charges as shall be necessarily incident in or for thd execution of this act, or any part thereof, in relation to the said bills \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

To be repU- CLxXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authored out of the rity aforesaid. That whatever monies shall be issued out of the first supphes. furpiufies, excesses, or overplus monies, and other revenues composing the sinking fund, shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament \ any thing herein contained to the contrary not* withstanding.

CLXXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted. That in case poof shall be made on oath of one or raorexredible witness or witnesses, before the lord chief baron and other the barons of the coif of his Majesty's court oiExchapur, or any of them, that any of the bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this act, were by casualty or mischance loft, burnt, or otherwise

Clattfeof relief for bills lost or destroyed.

*95

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 2.

destroyed, before the coming thereof in course of payment; and if by Up party's oath the numbers and fonts of such bill or bills ihail be albertained; and if thereupon the said chief baron, and other the said barons, or any of them, before whom such oaths were made, shall certify that he or they are satisfied in such proof; then, and in every such case, the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treaforer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, are hereby authorized to caofe the money due upon such bill or bills, so loft, burnt, or destroyed, to be satisfied by the said paymaster or paymasters, as jf the original bill or bills were brought in to be paid off; provided that the person or persons so receiving the money do give security to the King, to the good liking of the person or persons who (ha)l be appointed, as aforesaid, to pay off and take in the said bills, to pay into the exchequer, for the use of the publick, so much money as shall be paid upon such certificate or certificates, if the bill or bills so certified to be loft, burnt, or destroyed, be hereafter produced.

CLXXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enabled by the au- Bills discharg. thority aforesaid, That all and every the bills to be made forth0 be can-,

by virtue of this act, which shall, from time to time, be dif- ceUed* charged and paid off, shall be taken in and filed, and shall be cancelled and made void, according to such rules and directions as the said of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treaforer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall, by any warrant or warrants under their hands, direct or appoint.

CLXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby likewise efiabt- Sinking fond ed by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies arisen or to appropriated arise into the exchequer of or for the said surplusses, excesses, or ^tiend deEts overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the (inking incurred be-fund (except such monies thereof, as are by this, or any other fore5 Dec. ad or a his of this or any former session or feuions of parliament, I7|6, especially charged upon the said (inking fond, or to be paid out of the same, or out of any revenues or branches composing the.said sinking fund) shall be appropriated, reserved, and employed round for the discharging the principal and interest of such national debts and incumbrances, as were incurred before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and are declared to be such national debts, as may be redeemed, and are provided for by a Cl of parliament, in such manner and form, as shall be directed and appointed by any future abt or acts of parliament to be discharged therewith, or put of the same, and to none other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXXVII. And whereas several orders of loan or exchequer Deficiency of bills made upon and in pursuance of an act of parliament of the the land tax thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George 3* Geo- lithe Second (intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty

196 Anno primo Georgii III. c* 3. 07^°*

by a land tax to be rdifed in Great Britain, for the feryite of dfie year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine) (till remain unpaid, .for want of sufficient money, anting by the said act, bdng come into the exchequer to answer and pay the same, andiit ts uncertain how much thereof the monies arising by the saki act will be able to answer and discharge; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the money arisen or to arise into the exchequer, for or on account of the said aids, on or before the twenty ninth day of September, which flia.ll be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, shall not be sufficient to discharge the whole principal and interest due, or to grow due, on the several orders of loan or exchequer bills, made upon and in pursuance of the said act, that then so much money as shall then appear to be deficient or wanting for answering the purposes aforesaid, shall and may be supplied and .made good out of any the monies arising into the exchequer, by or from the loans or exchequer bills on this act, or any other monies or loans that are or shall be appropriated for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall directapd apply the same accordingly; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. III.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, our Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajimbled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expenses* have freely and voluntarily rejolved to give and grant wtto your Majesty, the rates, duties, find impofuions, herein after-mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted\ and be it .enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament attembled, and by the authority of the same, That within and throughout that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, the several and respective rates, duties, and impositions, for and upon all malt, mum, cyder, and perry, which.in. and by one act of parliament passed in the twenty seventh year of the Malt act of reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An fur^e^contU f0r cmtlHUUl& an(i tra*mg to his Mojejiy certain duties upon nued to*" mum> <yder* and perry, for the service of the year one thou-

juae, r7$*. fond seven hundred and fifty four; were granted or continued to his laid late Majesty, until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five and which by one other act made and passed in the twenty eighth year of his said late

19?

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c.

Majesty's reign, were granted or continued to his late Majesty, wndl the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and which by one other act made and passed in the twenty ninth year of his said late Majesty's reign, were granted or continued to his late Majesty, until the twcuty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and which by one other act made and passed in the thirtieth year of his said late Majesty's reign, were granted or continued to his late Majesty; until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and which by one other act made and passed in the thirty first year of his said late Majesty's reign, were granted or continued, to his late Majesty, until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine; and which by one other act made and passed in the thirty fecend year of his laid late Majesty's reign, were granted or continued to his late Majesty, until the twenty fourth.day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty; and which by one other act made and passed in the thirty third year of his said late Majesty's reign, were granted or continued to his late Majesty, until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; shall be further continued in like -manner, and shall be and are by this act charged for and upon all malt which shall be made, and all mum which shall be made and imported, and all cyder and perry which shall be made for sale, within that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the tdwhuof Berwick upon Tweed, from and after the twenty third day of one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and before the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That within and throughout that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, there dull be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for and upon all malt, mum, cyder, and perry, the several and refye&ive rates, duties, and impositions herein after* mentioned; that is to say.

For and upon every bushel of malt, which at any time or Malt in Scot. times, from and after the twenty third day of June, one thousand to pay sand seven hundred and sixty one, and before the twenty fourth 3d./*r bufael. day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall be made of barley, or any other corn or grain, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any person or persons whatsoever (whether the same shall be or not be for sale) the sum of three pence; and so proportionably for a greater or less quantity, to be paid by the maker or makers thereof respectively.

For every barrel of mum, which at any time or times, from Mum 10s.per and after the said twenty third day of June, one thousand seven barrel, hundred and sixty one, and before the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall be paa'de or imported within that part of Great Britain called Scotland,

tg8 Anno primo Georgii III. c. 3. [1760.

the sum of ten shillings, over and above all duties payable for the same.

Cyder and For all cyder and petty, which at any time or timfcs, from ^r^alemadC^after the said twenty third day of June, one thousand (even p*r hogshead. hundred and sixty one, and before the said twenty fourth day of June* one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall t* made for sale within that part of Great Britain called Scotland (over and above all other duties payable for cyder and perry made and sold by retail) the sum of four shillings for every nog* (head; and so in proportion for a greater or less quantity, to b$ paid by the respective first buyers or retailers thereof.

How these Which said several and respective duties, by this act granted duties are to and continued respectively, (nail be raised, levied, collcsted, and be raised, &c. paid unto his Majesty, nis heirs, and successors, during the time and term aforesaid, by the same ways, means, and me. thods, and by such rules and directions, and with such and the like allowances and repayments proportionably, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of mitigation, and other powers, in all jefpoftt, not otherwift directed by this act, as are prescribed, mentioned, or expressed, in the said former act, or in any other act or acts of parliament thereby referred unto, or any of them, for or concerning the duties by them, or any of them, granted or continued; and that the same act formerly made and passed, and the said other acts hereby referred unto, as for and concerning the said duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, and every article, rule, chruftr, matter, and thing, in them, and every or any of them contained, or thereby referred unto, and now being in force, and not otherwise altered by this act, shall be and continue in foil force and effect, to all intents and purposes, for raising, levying, collecting, (ecuring, and accounting for the rates, duties, and impositions, hereby granted and continued respectively, and for levying and recovering the penalties and forfeitures, and making any mitigations and proportional allowances, and all other mat* ters and things, during the continuance of this act, as folly as if the same were particularly and at large repeated in the body of this present act.

III. And whereas it is the true intent and meaning of this present ally That the full and entire sum of twenty thousand pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, clear of all charges and expenses of management and collectiony shall be raised out of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand ft-pen hundred and sixty oney by toe said duties upon mum, cydery and perry, to be charged there, as aforesaid, and by a malt tax to be raised and levied as in England, by a duty of three pence per bushel on all malt made and confirmed in Scotland; and in case the said duties upon mumy cyder, and perry, and the said duty of three pence per bvjhel upon malty to be charged in Scotland, by virtue of this fifty being duly surveyed and collectedy shall not be sufficient effectually to raise and answer thf said sum of twenty thousand pounds in

nett

1760/J Anno primo Georgii III. c. 3. 199

gett money, after all charges and deductions whatsoever, that fuels deficiency shall be made good by a surcharge to be made upon all makers of malt in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in proportion to, the malt they shall respectively make between the twenty third day one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; be

it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after the in Scot- twenty fourth day of June, orle thousand seven hundred and land, sixty two, in case it shall appear to the of of excise for the time being, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the said duties upon mum, cyder, and perry, and upon malt made in Scotland*, by this act granted as aforesaid, shall not bt Efficient to answer the clear sum of twenty thousand pounds as aforesaid; then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the said last-mentioned of of excise, 7 and the officers under them, to make a proportional surcharge upon all and every the person and persons who shall have made any malt in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, within the year ending.the twenty fourth day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, orfo much money, by way of additional duty upon all the malt made by such person or persons respectively, act shall make good such person or persons proportional part of such deficiency; which said furcharges shall be paid to the respective collectors of the said duties on malt, by the respective persons on whom the same shall be so made, within one month after the lame shall be so surcharged; or in default thereof the respective person or persons who shall neglect or refuse to make such payment, shall forfeit treble the sum upon him, her, or them respectively surcharged as aforesaid; to be recovered in such madner as the duty of three pence per bushel may be recovered by virtue of this act, or any other act or acts of parliament herein before recited or referred unto; which said surcharge by way of additional duty, for making good the deficiency of the said sum of twenty thousand pounds (if any such deficiency there shall be) shall be computed and settled as fol- '

loweth; that is to say. As the particular quantity of malt made by each such malfter or maker of malt in Scotland within the said year, ending the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall bear proportion to the whole quantity of malt made in Scotland within the same year, so the particular surcharge to be made upon such particular malfier or maker of malt, for or towards making good the said deficiency, shall bear proportion to the whole Turn which shall be found to be so deficient as aforesaid.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it declared by the autho- Sw-ping to be rity aforesaid. That if the said rate of three pence per bushel added to the shall produce a greater sum than the said sum of twenty thou- Series, &c. sand pounds, clear of all charges of management, the surplus-age so produced, over and above the said clear sum of twenty thousand pounds, shall be wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting the fisheries, and such other manufactures

This act to relate to the same day and; time as the act Geo. II. did.

Malt brought from Scotland by sea, to be entered at the port of landing;

Brought by land, to be entered at Berwick or CarHHe.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 3. [1-7&0.

and improvements in Scotland* as may most cobducMCMfet general good of the united kingdom, and to no other nfe, intent, or purpose whatsoever; in such manner as directedby. on act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late mincfty King George the First, intituled, An act for emouragh % > mat'promoting fi/heries, and other manufactures and improvements in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

V. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That in all cases where the herein before recited act of the twenty, seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, did relate to any day or time within the year, which commenced from the twenty third day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, this present act doth and shall relate to the like day and time within the year, commenced from the said twenty third day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore, said. That all malt made in Scotland, not to be contained there, which at any time or times between the twenty third day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, shall be brought into England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall in case the same be brought by sea, be entered with the officer for the said duties of the port where the famb shall be so brought into England, Wales, or the town.of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid 5 and the sum of six pence pen bushel for the duties thereof, shall be paid to such officer before landing thereof, unless a certificate from the proper officer be produced^ that it hath paid the said duty of three pence per bushel in Scot* land; and if such certificate be produced, then there shall be paid no more than three pence per bushel, by virtue of this; aft* far such malt so brought into England; and in case the same shall be thought by land, such malt shall pass and be carried hyand through the towns of Berwick or Carlisle, and there entered with the officer for the said duties in such of the said towns, by pr through which such malt shall be so carried; and the like duty of six pence per bushel for the same shall be paid down in ready money, unless such certificate be produced as aforesaid; but upon producing thereof, then there shall be paid no more than three pence per bushel, by virtue of this act, on pain of forfeiting all such malt, or the value thereof, as shall be landed or put on shore, or brought into England without such entry or payment of duties as aforesaid: and in case any malt made in Scotland shall, during the said term, be found coming out of Scotland, or be brought from thence by land, by or beyond the towns before-mentioned, without entry or payment or the duties thereof, then all such malt, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of excise, for his Majesty's use; one moiety of the aforesaid forfeiture to be and go to the King's majesty, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons as shall inform, seize or sue for the same, cur the value thereof j and to be recovered*and levied by such ways, means*

201

ipfkx] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 3.

and methods, as any penalties and forfeitures are by this or any the former acts, relating to the malt duties, to be re-oovered and Jcvied j or by action of debt, or upon the case, bill, plaint* or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no enoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

VII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Cyder for di-Shall extend to charge with the said four shillings per hogshead filing not by this act laid on cyder and perry, any cyder or perry sold to chaiEca*anydistiller or maker of strong waters, for such cyder or perry

at shall be used for distilling only; any thing in this act, or any former act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Distiller to That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thou- notice to sand seven hundred and sixty one, all and every distiller or dif- hedSiU cy-t&ers that shall receive any quantity of cyder or perry into his, do-, y- her, or their custody, shall give notice in writing to the proper

officer, under whose survey any such distiller shall reside, forty eight hours before he, (he, or they, shall begin to put any quantity whatsoever of the same into any (till or (tills to be drawn into low wines or spirits; and if any such distiller or distillers shall neglect or omit to give such notice, or if it shall appear that any quantity whatsoever of such cyder or perry hath been disposed of, or made use of, by any such distiller or distiliers, in Any other way, but in distillation only, he, (he, or they, shall reflectively forfeit and lose the sum of five pounds; which said uwt> of five pounds shall be sued for, levied, recovered, and mitigated, by such ways and means, as any penalty or fine for Any offence committee by any person or persons against any of the laws of excise can or may be sued for, levied, recovered* and mitigated, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; and that one moiety thereof shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and w

successors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or per-fops as will prosecute, inform, or sue for the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Allowances from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thou- for exporta-sand feyep hundred and sixty one* there (hau be allowed tption malt# malfters and makers of malt for exportation, for every twenty quarters of barley, or other corn or grain that shall be entered

and made into malt for exportation, in cases where by law any bounty is allowable on the exportation of malt, an allowance of thirty quarters, after the same shall be dried and made into malt, and no more, upon the exportation thereof, though by their steeping, wetting, or watering the same, the said twenty quarters shall be run out to any greater quantity exceeding the, said thirty quarters, according to an act of parliament mfcde in the first year of the reign of their late majesties King William t w. &M-and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for encouraging the exportation of com and in such cases where, by the aforesaid act of

202 Anno primo Georgii HL c. g; [1766,

parliament, they are infilled to the fame? and ft) in proportion for a greater or less quantity.

On certificate X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeM, That of maltbeing from and after the said twenty fourth day of J*ne9 one thoufattd fecm^al- ^eircn hundred and sixty one, if any person or person* who shall lowance tso'be export any malt into foreign parts, shall produce a certificate paid. certificates from the officer or officers, with whom the entry of

the corn or grain intended to have been made into auk. mall have been made, of the particular fam or Amu of money that such person or persons is or are intitled to receive, according*to the aforesaid allowance of thirty quarters of malt for every twenty quarters of corn or grain, and so in proportion for a greater or less quantity, that mail have been entered to be male into malt for exportation (which certificates the said officers are hereby upon demand required to give gratis) and upon fisch person or persons giving fumdent security before the shipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantity of malt which shall be Intended to be exported as aforesaid, or any part thereof, shall not be relanded, or brought again into any part or parts of Great Britain (which security the customer or cdledtor of the port where the same is intended to be exported, is hereby directed and authorized to take in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use) then the collector or chief officer of the port where such malt shall be exported, shall give to the exporter thereof, a certificate or debenture directed to the proper person or persons by whom the said allowance by the aforesaid act of parliament, is directed to be paid; which certificate or debenture being produced to such person or persons, he is hereby, required to pay such allowance to the persons, or their agents, so 'exporting the same;

Penalty on re-

XL Provided always, That if after the shipping of any such landing* malt to be exported, and the giving such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the aforesaid allowance, the malt so shipped to be exported, or any pan thereof, shall be relanded in any part of Great Britain; that then, and in every such case, over and above the penalty of the bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's use, all the malt which shall be relanded, and treble the value thereof, shall be forfeited 5 that is to say. One moiety thereof to the King, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall seize, inform, or foe for the same.

XII. And whereas maljlersy or makers of malt for exportation, do frequently mix the produce of tu& or more Jieepings of corn or grain^ that have been entered to be made into malt for exportation, on or as soon as it comes off from the kiln, by reason whereof the off ficersfor the duties on malt cannot ascertain the real produce thereof; by which means great quantities of each sleeping of such malt are or may be privately conveyed away9 and made use of for home consump-tiony though the same has not been changed with the duty, as all malt Malt Keeping made for home consumption ought tr be \ be it enacted by the au-for exporta- thority aforesaid. That from and after the said twenty fourth day

1760.] Anno prkno Georgii III. c. 3. 203

of Jmv, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, all and tiontobekepi

every malfter or malfters, maker or makers of mak for exp or-

tition, shall keep the whole and entire quantity of his, her, or m urM'

their 00m or grain making into malt far exportation, of one

deeping or wetting, when the same shall be on the kiln, or after

the same shall be taken off the kiln, separate and apart from

all and every part of any other former keeping or wetting of

corn or grain, until the same shall have been measured by such rubbers or makers of malt, in the presence of same officer or officers for the duty upon malt, on pain of forfeiting and losing the ium of fifty pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, maider* to That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June* one give notice to thousand seven hundred and sixty one, all such malfters, or officer*, &c. makers of malt for exportation, full give notice in writing to

same officer or officers of the duties upon malt, or shall leave notice in writing at the next office of excise where the journal is kept, of the hour when he, (he, or they shall intend to take uy malt off the kiln or kilns, that such officer or officers may attend the measuring of such malt; and after such malt has been measured, the same shall be immediately carried on shipboard, if intended to be then exported; or else shall be immediately locked up and secured in fotne storehouse, or other place, belonging to such malfters, or makers of malt, in the presence of the said officer or officers, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That from and after the said twenty fourth day or June, one opening the thousand seven hundred and sixty one, if any such malfter or lock,c* malfters, or maker or makers of malt, or any other person or

persons whatsoever, by his order, privity, or directions, after pny keeping or making of malt shall have been locked up and secured in any storehouse, or other place or places, in manner as aforesaid, shall open any of the locks or doors, or shall mako any way or kind of entrance into such storehouse, or other {dace or places, or shall remove any part whatsoever of the partition between any such storehouse or place, or any other place or places whatsoever, next thereunto adjoining, or shall remove out of the said storehouse, or other place, any quantity whatsoever of the malt that has been so locked up and secured, without the knowledge and consent of, or without first havipg given notice to, some officer or officers for the said duties, he, (he, .or they, shall respectively forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XV. And the better to enable the officers for the duties upon Malfters, cm malt, to discover whether all such malt made for exportation,June, i76r, and that has been locked up and secured in any storehouse, or cjear out of other place or places, to be exported, has been really exported;

belt enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all and every such within fiiteea malfter or malfters, maker or makers of malt, that on the said month*. Vventy fourth day of Junt, one thousand seven hundred and,

Anno primo Georgii III. c/3. [1760.

sixty one, shall have any quantity of inalt locked up and secured in any storehouse, or any other place or places, as is before di-re&ea to be exported, shall, within fifteen months next after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, remove and clear out of his storehouse, or other place or places, all and every part and parcel thereof, that at any time after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, shall be locked up and fecti-red in such storehouse, or other place, in order to be exported; and shall always, from time to time, in every fifteen months, remove arid clear out of such storehouse, or other place or places, in order to be exported, all and every part and parcel of malt, that at any time within every fifteen months after the last clearing, shall be locked up and secured in any storehouse, or in any other place or places that shall be made use of by him, her, or them, for the keeping of malt for exportation, on pain of forfeiting and losing the mm of fifty pounds.

And so all fu. XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ture matters. That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, all and every person or persons whatsoever, that shall become malfters, or makers of malt for exportation, and shall make use of any storehouse or storehouses, place or places, for the keeping of mak for exportation, shall, within fifteen months after the beginning to make use of any such storehouse or storehouses, or such other place or places, remove and clear out of such places, to be exported, all and every part and parcel of such malt, that at any tithe or limes shall have been put into such place or places, within fifteen months after he, (he, or they shall have begun to make use of such place or places; and shall always, from time to time, remove and clpar out of such storehouse, or other place, to be exported, all and every quantity of malt whatsoever, that within every fifteen months after the last clearing shall at any time be locked up and secured in such storehouse or storehouses, ox. in any other place or places thn shall be made use of by him, her, or them, for the keeping of malt made for exportation, on pain of forfeiting and losing the sum of fifty pounds. Clauses in aft XVII. And whcreasbya claufein an act of parliament made in 11 Annas, the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intitpled. An act for granting to her Majesty duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and for making forth duplicates of lottery tickets loft, burnt, or destroyedi and for enlarging the time forad-jlifting claims in several lottery acts, and to punish the counterfeiting or forging of lottery orders; and for explaining a late aft in relation to stamp duties on customary estates which pass by deed and copy; it was enacted, That if any malfter or maker of malt for sale, during the continuance of the duties on malt by the said act granted,

' Should tread, ram, or otherwise force together in the cistem, uting-fat, or couch, any corn steeping or ftceped in order to the making into malt, every such malfter or maker of malt for fal#

Should,

2

1760.] #Anno primo Georgii III. c. 3. 205

Should, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two shillings and six pence for every bushel of corn {leeping or deep-, ed that Should be so prefsect, trodden, rammed, or forced: and whereas by one other clause in an act of parliament passed in the & 6 Geo. 1. sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Fird, intituled, An act for preventing frauds and abuses in the publick revenues of excise, customs^Jiamp duties, post office, and koufe money; it was enabled and declared, That if, from and after the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and .twenty, any corn in any cidern or uting-fat deeping or deeped in oraer to the making thereof into malt by any malder or maker of malt (other than compounders for the duty on malt)

was or Should be found so hard, close, and compact, as it could not be, unless the same had by some means or other been forced together to prevent the riling and swelling thereof, every malder ana maker of malt (other than compounders for the duty on malt) where the same Should be so found, Should, in every such case, forfeit and lose the sum of two shillings and six pence per bulhei for every bushel of such com deeping or deeped which Should be found so hard, close, and compact, as aforesaid;

which said recited clauses have been duly continued, and arc flil] in force: and whereas by the lad-recited clause, no penalty is provided where corn deeped, in order to the making thereof into malt, shall be found in the couch so hard, close, and com-. pad, as it could not be, unless the same frad by some means or, other been forced together to prevent the rising and swelling thereof; and the penalties provided by the fore-mentioned .clauses have, by experience, been found ineffectual to prevent, the fraudulent practice of pressing, treacting, ramming, or other- .v .wife forcing together in the cidern, uting-fat, or couch, the 'corn or grain deeping or deeped in order to the making thereof into malt, to the prejudice of his Majesty's revenue, and discouragement of the fair traders; be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That from and after thetwen- 5*. bushel ty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty penalty on all one, if any corn or grain in any cidern, uting-fat, or couch, com ileeping, steeping, or deeped, in order to the making thereof into malt or Jl^Pfd for.by any .malder or maker of malt (other than compounders for alfbe found the duty on malt) is or shall be found so hard, close, and com- in the cittern past, as it could not be, unless the same had by some means or couch, so or other been forced together to prevent the rising and swelling hardandcom-thereof, every malder and maker of malt (other than com- {£uidnotbe pounders for the duty on malt) where the same shall be so unless the ibund, shall, in every such case, forfeit and lose the sum of five same had been shillings for every bushel of such corn or grain deeping or deep- f?rced t0Se-ed, which shall be found so hard, close, and compact, as afore- vent therl-said; and proof being made thereof, the same shall be deemed ling, condusive evidence of the fad, and shall subject the malder .or maker of malt to the aforesaid penalty of five shillings per budiej.

XVIII.

ao6

Anno primo GeorgiJ III, c. 3. [1760.

XVIII. And whereas many or meters of malty do fraudu-

lently convey away from the cistern, uting-Jat, or other wetting plan or uttnjils, JleepingSy or part of(tttpings of corn or grain making into ,

and, mix such corn or grain, Jo with and amugft couches

or floors of other corn or grain making into, which-are then depending and in operation, that have been gauged or charged with the duty in the couch; and in case the officer bat taken his gauge of the torn or grain, steeping'in the cistern, or other wetting

place jorutensil, such malflers or makers of malt, fiepply the deficiency with fresh barley or other tom or grain, in the absence and without the privity of the officer, in order to prevent a discovery of such tom or grain having been conveyed away; and such corn or grain Jo conveyed away and mixt, by an artful and fraudulent manner of working, ftldom is charged with any duty in the floor; which praftiet is greatly detrimental to the revenue and fair traders: for remedy thereof) 100 L penalty it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and on fraudulent-after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hun-Jy conveying dred and sixty one, if any malfter or maker of malt shall fraud u-cistern any lentty convey away, or cause or procure, or permit or differ to Keeping of be conveyed away from the cistern, uting-fat, or other wetting corn, and place or utensil, any deeping, or part of any deeping of com or mixing the grain making into malt; and shall mix such corn or grain focon-ottrer'com veyed away with and amongd any such couch or couches, floor charged with or floors of other corn or grain making into malt, which are the duty in then depending and in operation, and which have been gauged the couch j or charged with the duty in the couch; or if any malfter or W conveying1" ma^er ma^* ^all fraudulently convey away, or cause or pro-the same away, cure, or permit or suffer to be conveyed away, from the cidern, so that no uting-fat, or other wetting place or utensil, any deeping or part gauge of such of any deeping of corn or grain making into malt, so that no tXenin the gauge f°ch corn or grain so conveyed away can be taken in couch. the couch by the officer; then, and in each of the said cases, every such malder and maker of malt so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

Penalties how XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be recover- That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, for any offences againd4. this aifl, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated,

by the same ways, means, and methods, as any penalty or forfeiture given by any of the laws of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, can or may be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, or by any law or laws of excise, or byadion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at fVeflminster; and that one moiety of such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

Buyers of cy- XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That node or perry thing in this act contained shall extend, or be condrued to ex-vaw use not ten<* to charge any perfoti or persons with the duty upon cyder to be ebarged. or perry, such person or persons buying the same for his or their

private

1760.3 Anno primo Georgii III. C. 3. 207

private use only, and not being a dealer or dealers in cyder of perry, or a retailer or retailers thereof.

XXI. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons felling That every person or persons whatsoever, who shall, after the^twenty fifth day of Morcb> one thousand seven hundred and §cc^j sixty one, fell any quantity of cyder or perry, or either of them, tailers. in lets quantity than twenty gallons at a time, wliether the same be made from fruit of his, her, or their own growth, or from bought fruit, shall be deemed and taken to be a dealer in cyder and perry, and a retailer thereof, and shall be subject and liable to the doty of four shillings per hogshead for such quantity of cyder and perry so fold, over and above all other duties payable for cyder and perry sold by retail; and that every dealer in, and retailer of, cyder and periy, and other person and persons recei-ving into his, her, or their custody or custodies, any quantity of cyder and perry, or either or them, for sale, and every person and persons who shall buy any fruit to make into cyder or perry*, or either of them, for sale, shall make a true and particular entry in writing of the several and respective storehouses, rooms, celiars, vaults, and other place and places by him, her, or them, respectively made use of for the making and keeping of cyder and perry, or either of them, at the office of excise, within the compass or limits whereof such respective storehouses, rooms, celiars, vaults, and other place or places shall be situated, on pain of forfeiting the (urn of fifty pounds for every such store-house room, celiar, vault, or other place, which, from and after the said twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, shall be made use of by any such dealer or retailer, receiver or maker respectively, without making such entry thereof as aforesaid5 and that all duties, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act hnposed, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any duty, fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of fecord at Westminster \ and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same; and if any person or persons shall at any time be sued for any thing done by him, her, or them, in pursuance of this act, he and they shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act for his or their defence; and if upon the trial averdid shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff shall be nonfoited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him, her, or them awarded, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXII. And it is hereby also enacted, That there shall be Clause of loan provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the receipt of at percent, the exchequer one book or register, in which all the orders for money payable by this act shall be entered and registered; and Ihcat it mall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons,

208 Anno primo Georgii III. c. 3. [1760.

natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty at the said receipt, upon credit of the said duties upon malt, mum, cyder and pevTy, by this act granted, any sum or Turns of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds; which lenders shall have interest for their forbearance of their respective loans, not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum. To as such loans be allowed to be made by the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, who are hereby authorized to issue their warrants for that purpose, as fast as such loans shall be wanted for the publick service; the said interest to be paid every three months from the making of such loans, until satisfaction of the principal Turns refocdtively; and that no money so to be lent, shall be rated or assessed to any tax or af-Tallies of feffment whatsoever; and that every such lender shall i aimedi-

loan to be ately have a tally of loan struck for the money by him, her, or

struck, See, them lent, and an order of the same date for repayment thereof, with such interest as aforesaid; and that all such orders shall be

Orders rein- registered in course according to their dates; and all persons

fiered and paid thereupon shall be paid in course as their orders shall (bend rein course. giftered, so as the person or persons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, whose order shall be first registered, shall be accounted the person or persons to be first paid, and so successively in courfe5 and that the monies to come in by this act, of the said duties, shall be in the same order liable to the satisfaction of the said respective persons, their executors, administrators, or assigns successiyely, without undue preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other use, intent, or No fee for re- purpose whatsoever} and that no fee, reward, or gratuity, di-giftering. See. redtly or indirectly, be demanded or taken for providing or making any suchbooks or registers, or any entries, views, or searches, in or for payment of money lent, or the interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieyed, by the party offending, with full costs of suit; or u the officer himself take or demand any such fee or reward, then to forfeit his place also; and if any undue preference of one before another shall be made in point of registry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this act, by any such officer or officers, then the party offending shall be liable by action of debt, or on the case, to pay the value of the debt, with full costs of suit, to the party aggrieved, and be forejudged of his place or office 5 and if such preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his tnafter, then such deputy or clerk only shall be liable to such action, debt, damages, and costs, and shall be for ever incapable of his place Penalty for or office; and in case the auditor of the receipt shall not direct, undue prese- or the clerk of the pells record, or the tellers make payment, fence. accord-

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 3. 209

according to each person's due place and order, as before directed; then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective deputies or clerks, therein offending, to be liable to such altion, debt, damages, and costs, in such manner as aforesaid: all which said penalties, forfeitures, damages, and costs, to be incurred by apy the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, shall and may be recovered by action ot debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westm'tnfler; wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of redraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

XXIII. Provided always, That if it shall happen that several No undue tallies of loan, or orders for payment, as aforesaid, bear date, preference, or be brought the same day to the auditor of the receipt to be where tallies regidered, then it shall be interpreted no undue preference, bJouht^he which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all thfefame fam/day 1 day.

XXIV\ Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any Noriffubfe-undue preference, to incur any penalty in point of payment, if quent orders the auditor direct, and the clerk of the pells record, and the be paid before tellers do pay subsequent orders to persons that come and dc- demanded mand their monies, and bring their orders, before other persons jn Course. who did not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in course; so as there be so much money reserved as will satisfy precedent orders; which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; interest upon loan being to cease from the time the money is so reserved and kept in bank for them.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every person Ordewassign-and persons to whpm any money shall be due for loans by vir- able.

tue of this act, after order entered in the book of register aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, by proper words of assignment to be indorsed on his, her, or their order, may assign and transfer his, her, or their right, title, interect, and benefit of such order, or any part thereof, to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entry or memorial thereof also made in the book of registry as aforesaid for orders (which the officers shall upon request, without fee or charge, accordingly make)

shall intitle such assignee, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and such assignee may, in like manner, assign again, and so Mies queries; and afterwards it shall not he in the power of such person or persons who have or hath made such assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any the monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

XXVI. And, to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain sum, not to exceed in the whole seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds, to be raised, either by such loans as aforesaid, or by issuing exchequer bills, as is herein after-mentioned, or by both or either of those ways or means, for the publick service; be it further provided and enacted by the authority aforesaid.

Bills to bear interest at 41, per cont. per ann.

2to Anno primo Georgii III. c.3. {17^0*

Commission- ferefaid. Thit in case the of of his Majesty's trea-> ers of the trea- fmryf or any three or more of them now being, or the high. edTo^prepare treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the any number treasury for the time being, shall judge it more advisable to .of one com- rajfe the said sum of seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds, ' mon sum, or^any part thereof, by exchequer bills, inroad of such loans as. in thprind- ^oraaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorized and pal monies, impowered at any time or times, at once, of by such prepoiv tiens at a time, as they respectively shall find to be most for the advantage of the publick, to prepare and make, or cavtfe to be prepared and made, at the exchequer, in such method and forat as they or he shall think most fafo and convenient, any number of new exchequer bills, containing one common sum, or differ relit sums, in the principal monies, so that in case there shall be no loans made, then all the principal sums to be contained in the (hid bills to be made forth by this act, shall not exceed seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds; and in case any such loans shall be made as aforesaid, then all the principal sums to be contained in the said bills to be made forth by this atoga- ther with such loans so made, shall not exceed the said sum of seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said bills to be prepared ana made in purftoaneo of this act, shall and may bear an interest not exceeding the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, and proportionally far any greater or less sum to be contained therein, and to be payable to the bearers thereof respectively; nevertheless the said interest shall be abated and saved upon such of the said bills to be made forth by this act* as shall it any time or times be in the receipt of the exchequer, or in the hands or power of any receivers or collectors of any taxes, aids, or revenues whatsoever, payable* his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, during such time and times respectively, as such bills shall be or remain in the said receipt* or in such hands or power as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And it is hereby enacted. That all the said bills, fit to be prepared and made, shall be numbered arithmetically, be* arithmetically, ginning with N° I. and so proceeding in an arithmetical progpetV fion, ascending, wherein the common excess or difference, shall always be one, and shall be registered accordingly, fi> that the principal sum to be contained in every such bill (after repayment of the loans which shall have been made as aforesaid, if any such be, with the interest thereof, or referring money fuffidept for that purpose) may regularly be paid off, and discharged m course, according to the number of every such hill, as it ihali (land in the said register; and that the interest upon all aiftl every the said bills shall be payable every three months, according to the purport and true meaning of this act; and that upon every such bill there shall be indorled, printed, or writteB* ki words at length, or in fi|ures, the sum, after which theprind-pal to be contained therein shall be payable in such couefe, as

These bills to be numbered

211

1760.] Anno prjmo Georgii III. c. 3,

aforesaid, according to the purport and true meaning of this act.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Treasury to aforesaid, That in case the said sum, not exceeding seven hun- of* a dred and fifty thousand pounds, shall be raised partly by loans, mentfor loan* and partly by exchequer bills, according to the powers before or exchequer given by this act*that then, and in such case, it shall and may bills, be lawful to and for the of of his Majesty's treasury,

Or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, when and as often as they shall, by virtue of the said powers, direct any such loans to be taken, or any such exchequer bills to be made out, at the same time also to dircd and appoint the course and order in which such loans and exchequer bills shall stand upon the said register, and after what sum they Audi rtfpcdivdy begin to be payable in course, out of the monies Srifing by this act, so as no subsequent loans or exchequer bill*be made to alter the course at first appointed for prior loans or exchequer bills, at the time of taking in, or making out, fitch prior loans or exchequer bills*any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted. That all the said and to appoint bills shall be prepared and made with such cheques, indents, or cheques. Stc. counterfoils, as shall be directed by the of of the

taeafury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being; and that the person or persons appointed, or who shall be appointed to pay off the said bills in course* shall, from time to time* have the use and custody of one part of all the cheques, indents, or counterfoils of the said exchequer bills, to be prepared and made by virtue of this act, from which the said bills shall have been cut, to prevent his or .their being imposed upon by counterfeit or forged bills; and that the undertakers or contradors for exchanging or circulating the said bills, or such of them as shall be current, shall, from time to time, have the use and custody of one other part of all the said cheques, indents, or counterfoils of the said exchequer bills, from which the same shall have been cut off, as aforesaid, in order to prevent their being imposed upon by any counterfeit or fbtged bills)and that all the said parts of the said cheques, in--dents, or counterfoils, shall be delivered back into the exchequer when the said bills to be tnade forth by virtue of this act shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged.

XXXI. And it is hereby enacted. That the said commis- The bills to

loners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, be placed ag and the said high treasurer, or any three or more of the com; 21hullr Wiissioners of. the treasury for the time being, shall, and they are " <*ue*#

hereby respedivdy authorized and impowered to cause such biUs

as shall be prepared by virtue of this act, to be placed as so smith cacti in the resptdive offices of the toilets of the said receipt ok exchequer, each and every of which tellers shall be fe-

P 2 verally

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 3.

verally charged with the proportion of the said bills, which shall*be To placed in his office respectively j any law or usage to- the* contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And-be it further enacted by the authority afore--Und'tax'a That all the said bills to be issued as aforesaid, shall be relating to'current in like manner, and with such privileges and advantages, exchequer and subject to such rules and duedions, as are prescribed and£!en<l* enacted by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled, c to is. jor grant'ing an ajj to fa Majesty by a land tax, to be raijei

in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand fevtn hurt-dred and sixty one, for or concerning the'exchequer bills* thereby authorized to be made forth j and that all and every theclause* and provisoes in the said last-mentioned act relating to the currency, exchanging, or receiving the same last-mentioned exchequer bills, by any publick receivers of aids, taxes, 4ir fop* plies, or in his Majesty's receipt of the exchequer, or for preventing the forging, counterfeiting, or altering the same bills,

6r for making out new bills in the room of such as shall be filled up with indorsements, lod, burnt, defaced, or otherwise do* droyed, or for making out exchequer bills of fivethou&nd pounds each, or for making out exchequer bills, without bearingrivite-red, or for making them afterwards tobear an infected, or a higher or lower rate of intered, from time to time, a6 the coiv* tradors shall agree to, or for preventing any xnifapplication of the fund on which the same are charged, or any -other misbehaviour of any officers concerned in the receiving, ifsuing, exchanging, paying off, or cancelling, the same lad-mefuionedex-chequer bills, or for enabling the of of the trea&uy, or the high treasurer for the time being, tocontract, from time to time, with any person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, for payment of the intered of, or exchanging for ready money on demand, the exchequer bills thereby authorized to be issued, at a rate or premium not exceeding four pouado per centum per annum, or for preventing any disabilUics in such contractors, or for making them not liable to be bankrupts, on account of such contracts, or for appointing a paymaster or paymaders for paying off or cancelling the same exchequer bills in due course and order, shall be extended, and condrurd, to extend, as well to the exchequer bills by this act authorized to be made forth, as to the exchequer bills to be made forth in.pursuance of the said act for granting an aid to his Majesty by* a land tax, as amply, fully, and effectually, to all intents, and purposes, as if the same clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted verbatim in this act.

XXXIII. And9 to the end the same bills, or so many of them, as shall, from time to time, remain undischarged, may the better obtain a currency for such time as they, or any of them, are hereby intended te be current $ be it further enacted by the authority afcrehid. How the mo- That the money which shall, from time to time, arise at the pie* anting by said receipt of the exchequer, of or for tke rates or duties byhrs U^appliS^1 a<^ granted, shall, from time to time* as the same shall, arise at.

213

1780.]) Anno primo Georgii III. c. 3.

the said receipt, be issued and applied at the said receipt for or towards paying off and discharging the orders of loan, for the monies which shall have been lent at the said receipt, and for fa-j ttefyiftg the ititerest thereof, in such course, manner, and form, ' aft'are Wore in this act prescribed and appointed for that purpose uhtil fell the principal and interest payable upon such orders of loan* shall be fully satisfied, or sufficient money shall be re-fe^vedin the exchequer for the full payment and satisfaction of* the same, or the monies which shall, from time to time, arise at the said receipt of exchequer, of or for the said rates anddu- tkst^ by this act granted, shall, from time to time, as the same Audi arise at the said receipt, be issued to such paymaster by way of dmpreft and upon account, for or towards paying off or dif-cbarginglhe feid exchequer bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this act, in such course as aforesaid, and for oe 'towards the charge of circulating and exchanging the same billsi or any of them, and for or towards such other payments te'are'fti and by this act directed or allowed to be made or discharged out of the same, and for no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

"XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-Treasury on. said. That on the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand9 Sept* 176* seven hundred and sixty two, or within ten days after, the com- to take an ac-missioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now ^onies°raised befog, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the com- and discharg-mMioners of the treasury for the time being, shall cause a true ed. and perfoft account in writing to be taken and attested by the proper officers, of all the monies which shall have been raised by loans, or by exchequer bills, or by any or either of those ways or means, for or towards the said sum, not exceeding seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds, by this act intended to be YaUcd, as aforesaid, and how much thereof shall, before that time, have been paid off or discharged, and how much thereof shall then remain undischarged, upon the said orders of loan and exchequer bills respectively, or upon any or either of them; which account shall be publickly affixed in the office of the auditor of the rtceipt in the said exchequer.

v XXXV.' And it is hereby enacted and declared by theu- Unsatisfied thbrity aforesaid. That the monies so remaining unsatisfied, or monies to be nut discharged, with the interest due or to grow due for the same, Paid ou*

shall be paid and satisfied out of the next aid or aids to be grant- next ed in* parliament, after the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and shall be transferred thereunto, as soon as such aid or aids shall be granted; aittHF no such aid or aids shall be granted, whereunto such un- or out of the satisfied monies shall be transferred, before the twenty fourth sinking fund, defy of Mdtck, one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, then the monies so remaining unsatisfied and undischarged upon the (bid orders of loan or exchequer bills, or any of them, with the Hrtdrefr due or to grow due for the same, shall be and are hereby changed ami chargeable upon such monies, as at any time or ''? 3 times

214

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 3. [ifHe*

times shall be or remain in the same receipt of the surplusses, ex* cesses, overplus monies, and other revenues conipofing the fink* ing fund (except such monies of the said (Inking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses, by any former act or act$ of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued for supplying money to the said paymaster, for discharging the said unfatisned orders of loan or exchequer bills in course, as the said of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall direct, until all the principal and interect, which shall he or remain due upon the said orders of loan or exchequer bills, or any of them, mail be fully cleared and paid off, or money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose; and if at any time or times befdre or after any money of the said rates and duties hereby granted shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying interect, which shall be actually incurred and grown due upon the said orders of loan or exchequer bills, or any of them, or for payment of any premium or rate, which shall be incurred or grown due by any contract or contracts to be made by virtue of this act, for circulating and exchanging the same bills; that then, and in every such case, the money 10 wanted shall and may be supplitd out of the monies of the said fund, commonly called The sinking fund (except before excepted) and be issued accordingly, to be replaced XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority out of thjefirst aforesaid. That whatever monies shall be issued out of the said supplies. surplusses, excesses, or overplus monies, and othei* revenues com-poling the sinking fund, shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Deficiency of XXaVII. And whereas several orders of loan or exchequer kills, Geo Thot?ip ma^e u?on an^in Pwfuanee of an act of parliament of the thirty fecund be suppUed.9Jear of rekn ?/ k*s ^te majesty King George the Second, for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, fill remain undischarged, for want of sufficient money arising by the said duties being come into the exchequer, to satisfy and discharge the same, and it is uncertain bow much thereof the monies arising by the said act will be able to answer and discharge 5 be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the money arisen or to arise into the exchequer, for or on account of the said duties, on or before the twenty fifth day of March, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand fevep hundred and sixty one, shall not hesufficient-to discharge the whole principal and interest due <or to grow due, upon the several orders of loan or exchequer bills, made upon and in pursuance of the said adV, that then so much iponey as shall then appear to be wanting and deficient for answering the* purposes aforesaid, shall and may be supplied and made good out of any the monies arising into the exchequer, by or from the loans or exchequer bills on this act, or any other mooics or loans that are or shall be appropriated for the service

of

|?6p<] Anno primo GeqRGII III. 0, 4, 5. 215

of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty ones and the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being* shall direlt and apply the same accordingly j any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided neverthejefe, and be it further enacted. Arrears of That all the monies which, from and after the said twenty fifth forme* duties day of March> one thousand seven h^idred and sixty one, shall ? apid may happen to come and be paid into the receipt of his 1

ajesfty'a exchequer, for arrears upon the said duties upon granted for t, mum, cyder, and perry, granted for the service of the the year 1761, year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine (after satisfying all interest, premiums, or rates then due on the said orders of Joan or exchequer bills as aforesaid) shall he issued and applied in aid of the supplies that shall be granted to his Majesty, for jrhe said year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one s any thing in the ad by which the said duties were granted to the con-irary notwithstanding.

CAP. IV*

jin all to continue for a limited time the importation of failed beef pork, and butter, from Ireland.

WHEREAS the permitting the importation of Jolted beef prcainbje* porky and butter, from Ireland into this kingdom, bath been found useful and beneficial, and that the time allowed for that purr pefe is near expiring; and it is expedient that the same Should be prolonged; may it therefore pieatc your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the'lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty A&33 Geo., King George the Second, intituled, An act to continue for a It- continued to mi ted time the importation offailed beefy porky and butter from Ire- H Dcc*7*u land; which was to continue in force until the twenty fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty, shall be, and the same is hereby farther continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

CAP. V.

An act to enable his Majesty to be governor of the South Sea Company.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fisherjy have made an humble address to the King's most excellent majesty, in a general court of the said company, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to honour the said'company with being their governor, whereunto his Majesty being willing to tondeftendy some doubts and difficulties have arifenj or mayarifiy

*l$ Anno primo Georgii III. c. & [rfGa-.

touching the qualifications and duties prescribed by law, or by the charter granted to the said company, in relation to the governors or the government thereof; For remedy whereof, - be it enacted and declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-boons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-Sclaredca a*? 0hc ^arac> That his Majesty shall be capable of being and ble SbS? governor of the said company, for such time or times

governor 3 .as are prescribed by the said charter for the continuance of any

and the ad- governor therein; and that such address as aforesaid, or any

drest of the other address of the said company to be hereafter made in their

company to .general court for the same purpose (in case his Majesty shall be be a due elec- pleased to accept of being their governor) shall, from time to txon time, be deemed and adjudged to be an election of his Majesty

to be governor of the said company within the true intent and meaning of the said charter, without the forms of balloting, or other methods prescribed by such charter foi electing the governor of the said company; anything in the said charter to the contrary notwithstanding.

His Majesty II. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority exempted aforesaid, That the oaths prescribed by the said charter, or any

the^fhsofaw now in force' anc* ot^er a<^s> matters, or things, nece(-

office; fary or requisite to qualify a subjedfc of this realm to be governor

of the said company, shall not be deemed to be necessary or requisite for his Majesty's qualification, in respect of the hud government, nor ftiaR the said oaths be administered to his Majesty; and that his Majesty in all cases where any vote is to be toTote^or g*ven> ora&to done by him as governorofthe said company, aft proxy*nay, 0* his Majesty think fit) by any warrant or warrants under his royal sign manual, appoint the fob governor, or deputy governor of the said company, to vote or act for him, or on his behalf; any former law, Statute, charter, orprovision, to the contrary notwithstanding* i

cap. n

An act for punishing mutiny and defer t ion-, and for the letter payment of the army and their quarters

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a ftonding army Within , this kingdom in time of peace, itnkjs it be with consent of parliament, is again/} law: and whereas his Majesty is engaged in a just and necessary war against France: and whereas it is judged necessary by his Majesty, and this present parliament, that a body of forces Should be continued for the safety of this kingdom, the defence of - thepossessions of the crown of Great Britain, and the preservation of the balance of power in Europe; and that the whole number of fiuh for us Should confsfi ofsixtyfour thousand nine hundred and fiventy one. Number of including four thousand and eight invalids: and whereas no man can for^ 64-i97*> be forejudged of life or limb, or subjefled in time of peace to any kind of % !ooS invalids PUn*fimnt within this realm, by martial law, or in any other manner'thanby the judgement of his peers, and according to the known and efta-blished laws of this realm; yet neverthekfi it being requisite for the

re-

tiy

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 6.

retainingJktb form in their duty, that an exact discipline he ,

and that soldiers who shall mutiny, or stir up /edition, his

fs service within this realmy or the kingdom of Ireland, Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, or the islands thereto belonging, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usualforms of the law will allow; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from After <4 and after the twenty fourth day of March one thousand seven bun- March 1761, dred and sixty one, if any person being muttered, or in pay as during the an officer, or who is, or shall be listed, or in pay as a soldier, a£CC and on the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven every officer hundred and sixty one, shall remain in such service, or shall and private during the continuance of this act, herein after mentioned, vo- man, luntarily enter himself in his Majesty's service as a soldier, shall, at any time, during such continuance of this act, within the realm of Great Britain, or in the kingdom of Ireland, or in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, or Sark, or the islands thereto belonging, or in the island of Minorca, or in his Majesty's garrison of Gibraltar, or in any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas respedtively, begin, excite, cause, or join in any mutiny or rendition, in the company, troop, or regiment, whereto he doth who shall mu* belong, or in any other compafiy, troop, or regiment, in his or desert, Majesty 's service, or shall not use his utmost endeavours to sup- Ca prefi the same, or coming to the knowledge of any mutiny, or intended mutiny, shall not without delay give information thereof to his commanding officer, or shall desert his Majesty's service; or being a soldier actually lifted in any regiment, troop, or^\n any or company, shall lift himself in any other regiment, troop, or other regi-company, without a discharge produced in writing froqruhe co- ment, See. Jdnel, or, in his absence, the field officer commanding in chief the regiment, troop, or company, in which he last lerved as a A lifted soldier; or shall be found (leeping upon his post, or shallin-

l^ave it before relieyed; or if any officer or soldier in his Maje- or g

lt/s army shall, either upon land, within or out of Great Bri- desert, his poll, tainy or upon the sea, hold correspondence with any rebel, or h°ld illegal Winy of his Majesty, or give them advice or intelligence, ei- gD^whh^he ther by letters, mefiages, signs, or tokens, in any manner or way cncmies of hit whatsoever; or shall treat with such rebels or enemies, or enter Majesty, into any condition with them, without his Majesty licence, or li- or shall strike, cehce of the general, lieutenant general, or chief commander; or ^o^ffi11*'or shall strike or use any violence against his superior officer, be- cer^ffiaU (bring in the execution of his office; or shall disobey any lawful fer death, or command of his superior officer; all and every person and per- such punish- son9 so offending in any of the matters before mentioned, shall^suffer death, or such other punishment as by a court martial ££1 <hau shall be inflicted. flift.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The King his Majesty may, from time to time, grant a commission under may gf*t*his royal sign manual, to any officer, not under the degree ofa holdTrourt-0

martial, &c, .

?!*

Court niartial may inffift corporal pu* nishment for immoralities. See.

General court-martial not to consist of left than and the president to be a field officer or officer next in fe-niority, not under the degree of a captain.

May administer an oath to uitnesses.

Officers to be iworp.

The oath*

The oath.

Anno primo Georgii III. C, 6* [iffe

field officer, for the holding a general couH mtrtiaJwitlWq this realm; and alfe grant hie warrant to the lord HetHClWtt of /f*r land\ or other chief governors gc^ernara there forthetwpe her ing, or the governor or governors of Minorca, Gibraltar, . M4 any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas respe$iv$)y, <x the person or persons there commanding in chies, from tiahe to time, to ap|toint courts martial in the kingdom>f Idefahk rMd other places and dominions respectively; in whfohroorte roffft tial, all the offences above mentioned, and all other offeofiftl herein after specified, shall be tried and proceeded fgainst 18 such manner, as by this act shall be hereafter directed.

III. And be it also further enacted, That itihall and Wtf9 lift lawful to and for such courts martial, by their fefttence or judgment, to inflict corporal punishment, not extending to life or limb, on any foldierfor immoralities, misbehaviour, or ntgtenS of duty.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That no general court martial which shall have power to fitbyviwnepf this act, shall consist of a less number than thirteen, wher^f none to be under the degree of a commission officer $ and the present of such general court martial, shall neither be the comms*flde* in chies, or governor of the garrison where the offender shall) be tried, nor under the degree of a field officer, unlefe wher* it field officer cannot he had; in which ease, the officer next m seniority to the commander, not being under the degree of % captain, shall preside at such court martial; and that such.epurt martial shall have ptfwer and authority, and yre hereby required toadminister an oath to every witness, in older to the4xa#nnw-tien or trial of any of the offences that shall come before them, .

V. Provided always, That in all trials of offenders bygener ral courts martial, to be held by virtue of this a<9^ every officer prefer* at such trial, before any proceedings he bad thereomq, shall take the following oaths upon the holy evsngeljfts, before the court, and judge advocate* or his deputy (wjip <are hereby authorized to administer the same) in these words; that is to say,

YOU shall well and truly try and determine according toyeur evidence in the matter now before yeu, between wr sovereign , lofft the King's majesty, and the prisoner Ube tried: -

So help you God., .

I A. B. do swear, That I will duly administer justice, wording to the rules and articles for the better government of Hs Mfljesty s fortes, and according to an act of parliament now in force for the punishment of mutiny and defertien, and other crimes therein meat iwed, without partiality, fayour, or affeBiorr, and if any doubt/ball arise, which is not explained by the said articles or act of parliament according to my confidence, the best of my under/landing, and the custom of war in the like cases. And I further swear, That I will not divulge the sentence of the eourt until it shall be approved by his. Majesty, the general, or commander in chief-, neither ydll /, . upon

ft

Anno pntno Georgii III, c. 6. 419

at anj time whatsoever, distlofe tr difeever vote or opinion of any particular member of the court martial, required to give evidence thereof, at a vritnefs, by a court of justice in a due ceurfe of law:

So help me God.

And as (bon as the said oaths shall have been administered to The judge the respective members, the president of the court is hereby au- advocate6 to thorized and required to administer to the judge advocate, or the be (worn, person officiating as such, an oath in the following words:

IA.B. do/wear. That I will net, upon any account, at any time The oath.

whatsoever, dischfi or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court martial, unltfs required to give evidence thereof, as a witness, by a court of justice in a due ceurfe of law:

So help me God.

And no sentence of death shall be given against any offender in In fentencce such case by any general court martial, Uriels nine officers pre- of de*i!, lent shall concur therein; and if there be more officers present toameur^&cw than thirtceft, then the judgement shall pass by the concurrence '

of two thirds of the officers present; and no proceeding or trial Hour* of trial, shall be had upon any offence, but between the hours of eight of the clock in the morning, and three in the afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate example.

VI. Provided always, That the party tried by any general Tj, e party

court martial in the kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, or in tried; intitled yrrftj, Guernsey, Alderney, or Sark, or the islands thereto be- to a copy of longing, shall be intitled to a copy of the sentence and proceed- the sentence ings of such court martial, upon demand thereof made by him- f^the 1 self, or by any other person or persons on his behalf (he or they court-mar* paying reasonably for the same) at any time not sooner than tiaL three months after such sentence; and in the case of trials by any

Sneral court martial. at Gibraltar or Minorca, at any time not oner than six months after the sentence given by such court martial; and in the case of trials by any general court martial in his Majesty's other dominions beyond the seas, at any tiflie not feoner than twelve months after the sentence given by ffcch court martial, whether such sentences be approved or not; any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, and be it cnaHed by the authority afore- Original pro-laid, That every judge advocate, or person officiating as such at ceeding, See. any general court martial, do, and he is hereby required to transmit, with as much expedition as the opportunity of time transmitted to and distance of place can admit, the original proceedings and the judge ad. sentence of such court martial to the judge advocate general in yocate general London; which said original proceedings and sentence shall be mLondon, &c. carefully kept and preserved in the office of such judge advocate general, to the end that the persons intitled thereto maybe enabled, upon application to the said office, to obtain copies thereof, according to the true intent and jneaning of this act.

None to be tried a second time for the same offence except in case of appeal.

This act not to exempt soldiers from ordinary process.

Penalty on false certificates to excuse soldiers from raufters.

Penalty on officers making false foutters, &c.

Fi&itloua names allowed by his Majesty's order upon the mu-

Anno pruno Gzqkgu ill. c.6.. [1 jr&v

VIII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared*and enacted* That no officer or soldier being acquitted or convicted of any* offence, b$ liable to be tried a fccoild. time by, the same or any other court martial for the same offence, unless in the case.of an appeal from a, regimental to a general court martial; and that no sentence given by any court martial, and signed by the president thereof, be liable to be revised more than once.

IX. Provided always, That nothing, in this aift contained shall extend, or be construed to exempt any .officer or soldier whatsoever, from being proceeded against hythe ordinary courier of law.

X. And, for preventing offraud and deceit in tbtmufiextng.offob*

diersy. be.it further ei>atfed by the authority aforesaids, Thit if any nerfpn shall make or give, or procure to be made or given, i any talfeor untrue certificates, whereby to excufeany soldier fim his absence from any multer, or any other service whteh. he ought to attend or perform, upon pretence of being employed qn some atber duty of the regiment or of fickmfs, J*in£ iifc pnfon, or on furlough; that then every such person, for making, giving, or procuring such-certificate, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and shall be forth; withcafhiered and displaced from his office, and shall.be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any military office or employ^ Oient within this realm, or in his Majesty's service; andoo certificate shall excuse the absence of any soldier, but for thenar fons above mentioned, or one of them; and the commissary of the musters is hereby directed to fetdown on the roll, at the time of the taking of the muster, thereasonof the absentre of such soldier respectively, and by whom certified; and not tofot down any such excuse, without view of such certificate. i

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefaitly That every officer that Hull make any false or untrue muster of man or horse, and every commissary, muster-mtfier, oc other officer, who shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the muster roll, wherein such false muster is contained, ' or any duplicate thereof; and also every commissary, muster-naafter, or.other officer, who shall directly or indirectly take, or cause to be taken, any sum or sums of money, or any other gratuitypion^or for, the mustering any regiment, troop, or company^oronor for the signing of any muster rolls, or any duplicate thereof, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two witnesses before'a general court martial, to be thereupon called (which is.htr*by author* zed and required to administer such oath) shall, for suchof&noe, be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such hianffice^nd shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service.

XII. And whereas his Majesty hath beengraciously pleaftdy in tern* pqffm to the distrejfid condition of feveeal widows of officer* of the army* who have lojl their lives in the fervkeof the late war, or during the late rebellion* fy orders made under his royalsign manslal* te direff

his

1760.]j Anno pnmo'Georgii III/ 6; 61 221

hitcmmffiry general of the muster s, to allow Upon the muster rolls offer- rolls, for, all the regiments, troops, and companies, a number of fictitious names tllc mailitcffl therein mentioned, instead of private men, in order to raise and settle 1

a'fund for the maintenance of fucfnvidows of officers as are or shall be not to be con-iktiiled to his royal bounty: and whereas his Majesty has been gra- ft rued a fallc'citmfly pleased, tinder his royal sign manual, to give the like directions rauitcr* to his commeffiary general of the marines, and has appointed a received far the purpofrs aforesaid, and directed the paymafiir general and the payfnafier of the marines, by like orders under his sign manual, to pay emer the full pay of such fictitious private men to such receiver, to be distributed to such widows, according to his instructions in that behalf; be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid,

Thar no allowance of any such fictitious name upon any muster roll (hah (be'con (trued to be afalfe muster; any thing in this or any former arft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X1IL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Muster matter That every commissary or muster-master, upon any muster to be^gutter made, - had* or taken by him or them, shall, by a convenient r*

time before such muster made, give notice to the mayor, or other chief magistrate or officer of the place where the said fol-diersfotobe musteredshall be quartered; who is hereby required to-be present at every such muster, and give his utmost assistance for thedifeovermg any false or untrue muster there made, or offered-to be made; and that every such commissary or muster Penalty on ntaster, making or taking such muster, that shall negledto give muster-master such noticeasaforesaid, or shall refuse to take the aid and assistance "0c|q !10 of such mayor, chief magistrate, or officer, where the soldiers to to be mustered shall be quartered, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds* and shall be discharged from his office; and no muster Muster-rollt roll shall be allowed, unless the same be signed by the said mayor, to be signed or other chief magistrate, or officer respectively': but incafeluch bylhe ma)or* mayor, chief magistrate, or officer shall not, upon due notice givton, attend such muster, or shall refuse to sign such muster roll*, without giving good and sufficientreasons for such his refu-fal; that then the commissary may proceed to muster such regiment., troop; or company* without incurring the said penalty: and facts muster roll shall be allowed, though not signed as a* fordaid; provided that oath be made before any of his Majesty's justices of, the peace within forty eight hours after such muster; and the said muster roll shall then be produced, and examtnadlw the said justice of the peace, who is hereby required to sign the same, if there shall appear to be no good or sufficient obje&on to the same*

XIV. And be icturther cnaited by the authority aforesaid, pe(Uity on That if any person shall be falsly mustered, or offer himself falsly persons offer-on deceitfully to be mustered, upon proof thereof made upon mgithcmselves oath by two witnesses before the nextjustice of the peace for theto county .where such muster shall be made, and upon certificate mu er*thereof in writing under the hand of the commissary of the mu- ' ftcip, or chief magistrate, as aforesaid, made to fuel) justice of thepeac^ the said justice is hereby authorized and requiVed to ..< coin*

222 Anno primo Georgii III; c. 6. [1760.

commit such offender to the house of correction there to remain for the space of ten days; and if any person shall wittingly or Horses falsly willingly lend or furnish any horse to be mustered, which mall mustered, to bte not trujy belong to the trooper or troop so mustered; the said orteited, &c. ^orfe fQ fajfly mu(lered shall be forfeited to the informer, if the same doth belong to the person lending or futaiftiing the said horse; or otherwise, the person lending or fumiftiing the said horse shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, upon oath made by Forfeiture two witnesses before the next justice of the peace: which twenty how to be le- pounds shall be levied by warrant under the hand and seal of the

vicd* said justice, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person so offending, rendering the overplus, if any be, to the owner; and in case such offender shall not have sufficientgoods and chattels, whereon distress may be made, to the value of the penalty to be recovered against him, or shall not pay such penalty, within four days after such Convi£tion, then, and in such case, such justice of the peace shall and may, by warrant under hits hand and seal, either commit such offender to the common gaol, ' there to remain without bail or mainprise for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be publickly whipt, at the discretion of such justice; and the said forfeiture shall be to such'person or persons that shall give information thereof; and the said informer or informers, if belonging to the fer vice,shall havt a right to be discharged forthwith, if he or they shall demand the same.

Officer em- XV. And be further enabled by the authority aforesaid* That bczillmg, &e. every com million officer, storekeeper, or commiftary, that shall mi 1 y ores, cm|>ea&j| or misapply, or cause to be embezilled or misapplied, or shall wilfully, or through n*gle&, suffer any provisions, forage, arms, clothing, ammunition, or other military (lores to be spoiled or damaged, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two to be cashier- witnesses, before a general court martial (which is hereby autho-ed, and forfeit r; ze(j and required to administer such oath) shall be forthwith damageto be dignified his Majesty's service, and forfeit the sum of one hundred made £ood, by pounds, and is hereby required to make good, at his own expence; the loss and damage thereby fustained, to be ascertained by such court martial, which shall have power to seize the goods and chattels of the person so offending, and fell them for the payment of the said one hundred pounds, and such damage; and if sufficient goods and chattels cannot be found and seized, then the person so offending shall be committed to prison, or the common gaol, to remain there for six months without bail or mainprize, and until he shall pay such deficiency; and after Application of the said sum shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be ap-the forfeiture, plied and disposed of as his Majesty shall diredand appoint. Muster* ma. XVI. And be it further enacted by thfr authority aforesaid, .per, fee. talc- That every commiftary of the mnfters, or muster matter, cither ing a mutter, of the ]anj forces or marines, making or taking a muter, do" to make oato. ma^e oatjl before the mayor or chief magistrate attending thfe making or taking such muster as aforesaid, if such mayor or thief magistrate so attending be a justice of the peace, or othetv

goods and chattels;

for want of distress, the person to be committed.

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 6. 22 3

wj^vbpforc some other justice of the peace for the county where such muster shall be taken (who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same without fee or reward) in manner form following;

I A. B. d* [weary That Ifaw* at the time of moling the within The oath.

mi^iery such men or horses as are borne* and not respited* on the muster roll % for which men or horses a signed certificate or certificates are not indorsed on the bad of the roily certifying their being absent from, the muster by reason of being employed on some other duly of the regiment, or by being sick* in pnfony on furlough, or at grafsx or by a: signed leave from the colonel or field officer, or officer commanding toe regimenty troop, or company.

Which oath the fald commissary or muster matter is hereby di-re&etl to insert and subscribe ori the back of the muster roll by him Uranfmitted into the office of the commissary general of the musters.

5CVII. And whereas a doubt hath arifeny whether the oath direc- Muster-rolls.

tod to be infer ted and indorsed on the back of the muster roll (by the act though trans-passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George m, tted wirh-the Sc candy for punishing mutiny and defer tiotiy and for the better pay- ^oWed^the

ment of the army and their quarters) Should Hot only be indorsed and p*ymatters ffbfcribedon the back of those muster rolls which ate to remain with general, to be the resptftive mujler masters general of his Majesty's land forces and good vouch. marines* but also on the back of those muster rolls which are trans the au- to therespective pay masters of the said land forces and marinesf

anft qythem returned into the office of the auditors of the imp rest \ to ihviate which doubt, be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all such muster rolls as have been, or shall be {roar time to time, transmitted to the said paymasters general, an^by thf?m returned into the office of the auditors of the im-prejj^fii^ce the passing the said act, shall be deemed good and fuf- \

ficieg£ vouchers to the said auditors of the imprest, although the s

P{fore; mehtioned oath be not inserted and indorsed on the back pt fuf^h muster rolls; any thing in the said act contained to the j

epptrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And be further enacted, That if any paymaster, Penalty on mt, or clerk of any garrison, regiment, troop, or company, agent, See.

\\ wilfully detain or withhold, by the space of one month, detainingrofl* pay of any officer or soldier (clothes and all other just al- dlerVpawu t > Jqw^nees being deduded) after such pay shall be by him or them^, fCf$we<h or if any officers, having received their soldiers pay, refuel to pay each respective non-commission officer arid soldier, jJ ieir refgedive pay, when it shall become due, at the rate of seventeen shillings and sixpence per week for each corporal of Weekly rate*. Jj^horfc-i fourteen shillings per week for each trumpeter ai\d j^iv^te £r$opejr; nine shillings and eleven pence per week for ^cfviragpQU; nine shillings and four pence per week for each WJWJtV fix fillings and two pence per week for each corporal; J^yirigs per week for each drummer \ four shillings^p&

" week

Penalty on agents dilo-being of orders.

Surgeon, within ten miles of London, &c. to certify who are dele; and coin manding officer, who ate employed in failing recruits.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 6. [1760.

week for each private soldier of his Majesty's three regiments of foot guards; and six shillings per week to each serjeant; four shillings and six pence per week to each corporal and drummer; and three shillings per week to each foot soldier of any other regiment or independent company; and at the end of every two months to account for one shilling per week to each serjeant, and two pence per week to each corporal and drummer, and six pence per week to each foot soldier; the said one shilling per week, two pence per week, and six pence per week, being the remainder of the subsistence of each serjeant, corporal, drummer, and foot soldier; then, upon proof thereof before a court-martial as aforesaid, to be for that purpose held and summoned by his Majesty's order, every such paymaster, agent, clerk, or officer so offending, shall be discharged from his employment, and shall forfeit to the informer, upon conviction before the said court, one hundred pounds, to be levied as aforesaid; and the informer, if a soldier (if he demands it) shall be, and he is hereby discharged from any further service; any thing ia this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: and the commanding officers of the three regiments of foot guards are hereby impowered, if they judge it necessary for the good of the service, to make the same stoppages of one shilling per week from each serjeant, two pence per week from each corporal and drummer, 'and six pence per week from each foot soldier; and at the end of every two months to account for the said one shilling per week to each serjeant, and two pence per week to each corporal and drummer, and six pence per week to each foot soldier, in the same manner as is hereby directed for the marching regiments*

XIX. And for the better execution hereof, and that a true and regular account may be kept and rendered by the agents of the several regiments, and independent troops and companies, the said agents are hereby required and directed to observe such orders and directions as shall, from time to time, be given by his Majesty, under his sign manual, or by the lord treasurer, or of of the treasury for the time being; and if any agent shall refuse or neglect to observe and comply with such orders and directions, he shall be discharged from his office, and be utterly disabled to have or hold any such office in his Majesty's service.

XX. And it is hereby enacted, That the surgeon, or his mate, shall, within the cities of London and Westminster, and ten miles of the same, certify upon oath to the muster master, that he hath actually ten such person as he certifies to be fick5 and such commanding officer shall also certify the names of such others, as shall be employed in raising recruits; and if such certificate shall prove false, upon conviction thereof, before a court martial, the officer signing such certificate shall sufferfuch'penalties, and in such manner, as is declared and inflicted by this act upon those who shall make false musters; and the commissary of the musters is hereby directed to insert in the docket annexed to the muster roll, the place where, and the precise day when, every muster roll is taken.

Anno primo Georgii III. C. 6.

225

XXI. And it is enacted, That if any officer or commissary Penalty on of. shall mutter any person by a wrong name knowingly, upon con- f*1* J, ^cr;v viftion thereof before a general court martial, the said officer nimou or commissary shall suffer such penalties, and in such manner, asisdirefted andinflifted by this act upon those who shall make false mutters.

XXII. And whereas by the Petition of Right, in the third year of King Charles the First, it is enafied and declared, Thai the people of this land are not by the laws to be burthened with the sojourning offoldiers against their wills; and by a clause in anafi of parliament made in the one and thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a supply to his Majesty of two hundred and six

mfo\

ifour hundred sixty two pounds, sevent eefi fh Wings, and three pence, for paying and disbanding the forces, it is declared and enacted,

That no officer, civil or military, nor other person whatsoever, Should, from thenceforth, presume to place, quarter, or billet, any soldier or soldiers upon any subjeil or inhabitant of this realm, of any degree, quality, or profession whatsoever, without his consent; and that it shall and may be lawful for any subjeil, fijourner, or inhabitant, to refuse to quarter any soldier or Joidlers, notwithstanding any demand or warrant, or billeting whatsoever: but forasmuch as at this time, and during the continuance of this ail, there is and may be occasion for the marching and quartering of regiments, troops, and companies, in several parts of this kingdom; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for and during the continuance of this act, Constable?, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful to and for theconfta- &c.to quarter bles, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other chief officers and °ce.r# .aD(1 magistrates of cities, towns, and villages, and other places, within England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed,

and in their default or absence, for anyone justice of the peace inhabiting in or near any such city, town, village, or place, and for no others; and such constables, and other civil magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the officers and soldiers in his Majesty's service, in inns, livery ttables, ale houses, victualling houses, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail to be drank in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging, and all houses of persons felling brandy, strong waters, But -in n0^cyder, or metheglin, by retail, to be drank in houses, other than (tillers houses, and except the house or houses ofanydistiliers, who keep houses orfliopkeep-or places of distilling brandy and strong waters, and the house cr!* opi"^of any shopkeeper, whose principal dealings shall be more in Pnvatc* other goods and merchandizes, than in brandy and strong waters (so as such distillers and.fhopkeepersddnot permit or suffer tippling in his or their houses) and in no other, and in no private houses whatsoever; nor shall any more billets at any time be ordered, than there are efftftive soldiers present to be quartered; and if any constable, tythifigman, or such like officer or magi- Penalty on strate as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such of- constables, Jcc. ficer or soldier in any such private house, without the consent 5l{artcri?*.of the owner or occupier; in such case, such owner or occupier toured shall have his or their remedy at law against such magistrate or officer,

*26 Anno primo GEORGII III. c.6. [1760;

officer, for the damage that such owner or occupier shall fu -Penalty on of- (lain thereby; and if any military officer shall take upon him to* ficers quarter-quarter soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this a£k9 ing fowiert or jfon ufc or offer any menace or compulsion to or upon any*

mayors, constables, or other civil officers before mentioned,

99tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing^

any part of their duty hereby required or appointed: such military officer shall, for every such offence (being thereof convicted before any two or more of the next justices of the peace of the county, by the oath of two credible witnesses) be deemed and taken to be ipso fatlo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any military employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter (eflions of the peace of the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court martial i Persons ag- and in case any person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such grieved by constable, tythingman, or headborough, chief officer, or ma-ed^on qmayCr" 8*^rate (^uc" officer or magistrate not being a justice of the complain to peace) has quartered or billeted in his house a greater number any julHces, of soldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his neighbours; and berdiev- and shall complain thereof to one or more justice or justices of cd* the peace of the division, city, or liberty, where such soldiers

are quartered; or in case such chief officer or magistrate shall be a justice of the peace, then on complaint made to two or more justices of the peace of such division, city, or liberty, such justices respectively shall have, and have hereby power to re* lieve such person, by ordering such and so many of the soldiers to be removed, and quartered upon such other person or persons, as they shall fee cause; and such other person or persons shall be obliged to receive such soldiers accordingly.

No justice

XXIII. Provided also, and belt further enacted, That rid having any justice or justices of the peace, having or executing any mitftary military of- office or commission in that part ot Great Britain called Eng-fice to be con- ian^ or may, during the continuance of this act, directly Teting hTsfol" or indirectly be concerned in the quartering, billeting, or*p-dicta. pointing any quarters for any soldier or soldiers in the regiment,

troop, or company, under the immediate command or com>-mands of such justice or justices, according to the dispofitton made for quartering of any soldier or soldiers by virtue of this act; but that all warrants, alts, matters, or things, executed or appointed by such justice or justices of the peace, for or concerning the same, (halt be void; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Officers and

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted. That soldiers to pay the officers and soldiers so quartered and billeted as aforesaid, rates for their received and furniwed with diet arid small beer by th*

provisiost. owners Of the inns, livery (tables, ale-houses, victualling-houses, and other houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by thi$£&; paying and allowing for the same the several

227

i7$o*] Anno primo Georgii III. c.$.

ral rates herein after-mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence-money for diet and small beer.

XXV. Provided always, That in case any innholder or other What inn. person on whom any non-commission officers or foldiens shall

be quartered by virtue of this act (except on a march, or em- quartcrciTon ployed in recruiting; and likewise except the recruits by them them, instead raised, for the space of seven days at most, for such non-com- meat, million officers and soldiers who are recruiting, and recruits by them raised) shall be delirous to fumifh such non-conunifiion officers .or soldiers with candles, vinegar, and fak, and with either small beer or cyder, not exceeding five pints for each man per diem, gratis, and allow to such non-commission officers or soldiers the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating their meat, and shall give notice of such his desire to the commanding officer, and shall furnish and allow the same accordingly; then, and in such case the non-commis-fion officers and soldiers so quartered shall provide their own victuals; and the officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive the pay and subsistence of such non-com-tniffion officers and soldiers, shall pay the several sums herein after-mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence-money for diet and small beer, to the non-commission officers and soldiers aforesaid, and not to the innholder or other person on whom such oon-commission officers and soldiers are quartered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority p.f aforesaid, That if any officer shall take, or cause to be taken, ficers taking*or knowingly suffer to be taken, any money of any person for money, to ex-excusing the quartering of officers or soldiers, or any of them, cufe the quar-in any house allowed by this act, every such officer shall be tcrinS* cashiered, and be incapable of serving in any military employment whatfpever.

XXVII. And whereas great inconveniences have arisen, and may strife9in such places where horse or .dragoons are or may be quart er* ad, by the billeting of the men and their horses at different houses, and often at great distances from one another, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aQ; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all places where horse or dragoons shall be Dragoons, See. quartered or billeted in pursuance of this act, for the future the ^fe^to be men and their horses shall be billeted in one and the same houses biUet?d in the (except in case of necessity) and that in no other case whatsoever same house. there be less than one man billeted where there shall be one or two horses, nor less than two men where there shall be four horses, and so in proportion for a greater number; and in such case each man shall be billeted as near his horse as possible.

XXVIII. And whereas same doubts have arisen^ whether com- Maimer of manding officers of any regiment, troop* or company, may exchange changinemeti any men or horses quartered in any town or place, with another man tortts. cr horse quartered in the same place, for the benefit of the service; be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such exchange as above-mentioned may be made by such cotamand- ing

2*8 Anno primo Georgii III. c. 6. [15^0.

ing officers respectively; provided the number of mep, oc horses, do not exceed the number at that time billeted on fuel} house or houses; and the constables, ty thingmen, headboroughs, and other chief officers, and magistrates of the cities, towns, and villages, or other places where any regiment, troop, or company shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such men and horses so exchanged accordingly.

Clause relit- XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ing to a (oldi- That it shall and may be lawful for any two pr more justices of cr's settlement the peace for the county, town, or place, where any non-com-and children tniffion officer or soldier shall be quartered, in cale such nortr commission officer or private soldier have either wife, or child, or children, to cause such non>commi(Gon officer or soldier to be summoned before them, in the town or place where such non-commission officer or soldier shall be quartered, In order to make oath of the place of their lad legal settlement j (which oath the said justices are hereby impowered to, admhnfter) and such non-commission officers and private soldiers as aforesaid, are hereby directed to obey such summons, and to make oath accordingly; and such justices are hereby required to give ap attested copy of such affidavit so made before them, to the person making the same, to be by him delivered to his command* ing officer, in order to be produced when required; which attested copy shall beat any time admitted in evidence, as tojiich last legal settlement, before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or at any general or quarter session of the peace: provided always, That in case any non-commission officer or private soldier shall be again summoned to make oath as aforesaid,

then on such attested copy of the oath by him formerly taken, being produced by him, or by any other person on his behalf^ such non-commission officer or soldier shall not be obliged to take any other or further oath, with regard to his legal settlement, but shall leave a copy of such attested copy of examination, if required.

Officer?, XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it

to be qutrier- shall and may be lawful to quarter officers and soldiers inured in Scoria iid \n such and the like places and houses as they might have forcedbeen quartered in by the laws in force in Scotland at the time of union direct. the union; and that the posse/Tors of such houses shall only be, liable to furnifti the said officers and soldiers quartered there, as by the said laws in force at the time of the union was provided; and that no officer shall be obliged to pay for his lodging, where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the fuburns of Edinburgh.

N XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That from and after the twenty fourth day of March, one tljiou-deductions sand seven hundred and sixty one, no paymaster general, pr payout of officers master of the army, paymaster of the marines, secretary at war, or soldiers commissary, or muster-master, or any other officer whatsoever, or their under officers, shall receive any fees, or make any deductions whajtsoever out of the pay of any officer 0r foldj^r in

his

229

from and after the said twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, other than the usual deductions for clothing, and twelve pence in the pound to be dif- Exceptions, posed of as his Majesty shall think fit; and the one day's pay in the year for the use of the royal hospital at Chelsea, and such other necessary deductions as shall from time to time be directed byhis M^eftY under his royal lign manual.

&XXII. And for the encouragement of the due and well Treasury may clothing of the troops, be it hereby further enacted, That the out the lord high treasurer, or the commimoners of the treasury for the Nothin^"eve-time being, may, if he or they fee convenient, at the end ofry°2 nwnthif*every two months, issue the money due for the clothing of the several regiments, troops, and companies, notwithstanoing the muster-rolls have not been duly returned: and the respective Paymasters to paymasters are hereby directed to make deductions of all off- deduct the offreckonings, and to pay the same to such person or persons only reckonings, as have a regular alignment for clothes by him or them delivered to the said regiment, troop, or company; and the receipt of such person or persons having or being lawfully intitled to such assignment, to be from time to time taken for the same; and when no such alignment appears, the off-reckonings to remain in the hands of the said paymaster respectively, for the use of the regiment, troop, or company, until a new contract for clothing and assignment is made.

XXXIII. And that the quarters both of officers and soldiers in Great Britain, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, and the islands thereto belonging, may hereafter be duly paid and satisfiedj and his Majesty's duties of excise better answeredj be it enacted by'the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty Officers to fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, give notice to every officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually of

receive, the pay or subsistence-money, either for a whole regi- money in their ihent, or particular troops and companies, or otherwise, shall hands, immediately, upon each receipt of every particular sum which shall, from time to time, be paid, returned, or come to his or their hands, on account of pay or subsistence, give publick notice thereof to all persons keeping inns, or other places where officers or soldiers are quartered by virtue of this act; and shall also appoint the said innkeepers, and others, to repair to their quarters at such times as they shall appoint, for the distribution and payment of the said pay or subsistence-money to the officers or soldiers, which shall be within four days at the farthest after the receipt of the same, as aforesaid; and the said innkeepers, and others, shall then and there acquaint such officer or officers with the accounts or debts (if any shall be) between then? and the officers and soldiers so quartered in their respective houses; which accounts the said officer or officers are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the same, before any part of the ftid pay or subsisterice be distributed either to the officers or soldiers: provided the said accounts exceed not, for a commission RatfS Qfsub-

0.3

officer filtence to bf

*3°

paid to innkeepers, &c. for soldiers quarters.

Penalty on officers not paying fuhfi lienee money.

On nonpayment ot quar ters, the officer to make tip accounts, Me.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 6. [i j6o.

officer of horse, being under the degree of a captain, for such officer's diet and small beer, per diem, two shillings; nor for one commission officer of dragoons, being under the degree of*captain, for such officer's diet and small beer, per diem, one shilling; nor for one commission officer of foot, under the degree of a captain, for such officer's diet and small beer, per diemy one shilling; and if such officer shall have a horse or horses, for each horse or horses, for their hay and straw, per diem, six pence; nor for one light horseman's diet and small beer, per diem % six pence; and hay and straw for his horse, per diem> six pence; nor for one dragoon's diet and small beer, per diemy six pence; and hay and straw for his horse, per diemy six pence; nor for one foot-soldier's diet and small beer, per diem % rour pence; and if any officer or officers, as aforesaid, shall not give notice as aforesaid, and shall not immediately, upon producing such ac-, count stated, satisfy, content, and pay the same; upon complaint and oath made thereof, by any two witnesses, at the next quarter sessions for the county or city where such quarters were (which oath the justices of the peace at such sessions are hereby authorized and required to administer) the paymaster or pay-mastersof his Majesty's guards and garrisons, and marines, are hereby required and authorized (upon certificate of the said justices before whom such oath was made, of the sura due upon such accounts, and the persons to whom the same is owing) to pay and satisfy the said sums out of the arrears due to the said officer or officers, upon penalty that such paymaster or pay-masters shall forfeit their respective place or places of paymaster or paytnafters, and be discharged from holding the same for the future: and in case there shall be jjo arrears due to the said officer or officers, then the said paymaster or pay matters are hereby authorized and required to dedust: the sums he or they shall pay, pursuant to the certificate of the said justices, out of the next pay or subsistence-moaey of the regiment to which such offioer or officers shall belong; and such officer or officers shall, for every such offence, or for neglecting to give notice of the receipt of such pay or subsistence-money, as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipjo fatti cashiered. And where it shall happen that the subsistence-money due to any officer or soldier shall, by occasion of any accident, not be paid to such officer or soldier, or such officer or soldier shall neglect to pay the same, so that quarters cannot be, or are not paid, as this act directs; and where any horse, foot, or dragoons, shall be upon their march, so that no subsistence can then be remitted to them, to make payment as this act directs, or they shall neglect to pay the same; in every such case, it is hereby further enacted, That every such officer shall, before his or their departure out of his or their quarters, where such regiment, troop, or company shall remain for any time whatsoever, make up the accounts, as this act directs, with every person with whom such regiment, troop, or company shall have quartered, and sign a certificate thereof, and give the said certificate, so by*him signed, to the party to whom such money is due,

i with

I ed by V: LC

1760.] Anno prhno Georgii III. c. 6. 231

vtkh the name of such regiment, troop, or company, to which he or they shall belong; to the end the said certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the paymalter of his Majesty's guards and garrisons, or to the paymalter of the marines, Who are hereby required immediately so make payment thereof to the person or perfotts to whom such money (Kail be due, to the end the same may be applied to such regiment, troop, or company rdpedtivdy, under pain as is before in this act directed for nonpayment of quarters.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no commiflaryNo mu(ter in fhaM mutter any regiment, troop, or company, within the city Westminster, of fVeftyninJltr, and borough of Southwark, ana liberties thereof, &c*but , nfthd but in the presence of two or more justices of the peace, Mtff^ormoia being officers of the army, under the before-mentioned penalty; justices. unless High justices, upon forty eight hours notice given to lix of his Majesty's justices of the peace, re/iding within the city and liberties aforesaid respectively, shall neglect so attend such'muster 5 and in case of such neglelt, such commissary may proceed to mutter fqch regiment, troop, or company: provided that oath be made before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace, within forty eight hours after such muster taken, that such notice was given to fix justices of the peace, as aforesaid :

Which justices lo attending, are hereby impowered to lign the said muster-rolls, and to take cognizance of such muster, and to examine the truth thereof, before they sign the same.

XXXV. And be it further enacted and declared by the au- Constables, thorny aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the &c. may billet high constables, petty constables, headboroughs, and tything- westmiafter men, within the said city and liberties of WestmwJiery and placet m n # adjacent, when thereunto lawfully required, to billet and quar-. ter the officers and soldiers of his Majesty's said regiments of foot-guards, in such houses only, as by this act are limited, in'and about the said city and liberties of Westminster, and places adjacent (except the city of London) during the continuance of this: and when any order shall issue for the quartering or Pett billeting any officers or soldiers within the said city and liberties ble*; &c. to"

; of Westminster, and places adjacent, the high constable shall de- quarter fol-liver out precepts to the several petty constables, headboroughs, their

or tythingmen of each parish, ward, hamlet, and districts, within c

their respective divisions, to billet and quarter such officers and soldiers of his Majesty's regiments of foot-guards on such houses only as by this act is limited within his respective parish, hamlet* ordiftriA; and such petty constables, headboroughs, and tythingmen shall* in pursuance thereof, billet and quarter every

such officer and soldier in such houses so subjetSea thereto by

this act, equally and proportionably, according to the number of such officers and soldiers so to be billeted and quartered, and of the houses so fubjc&ed to receive them; and such officers and soldiers of the foot-guards, lhalJ be quartered within the said city and liberties of H/eflminster % and the places adjacent, jtn the same manner, and under the same regulations, as in other < 0.4 parts

23*. Anno prkpp^rBQRfliii.JIMK^'.

pdtts of England, it\ all cases, fer whiph partfe^ f*pv, ife*i*

not made by* this act... ., .1, mi*\

XXXVI. And for the better preventing ^ufts in MUtti^And quartering tuch officers and Soldiers, in the said city end liberties jef\ Wdftthinster, and parts adjacent, be it caused by the authepty, Constablei, aforesaid, That the petty constable*, headboroughs, and tythtog-i bft* at quar-r na1' & th*r respective parishes, wards, hamlet and 4iftri&t terfemonstonwithitl the fame> <h*ll, at every general quarter feffioo^oCvtbe oath, of in- peace, to be holden for the said city and liberties of tVfjhmnJdiri habitants, and grid parts adjacent, make and deliver to the justice*, thas ter^in their ?Pcn ^on$ assembled, upon oath (which oath thcyU^said respective di- justices are hereby authorized and required to adpui&fcr) tmo vihons i lifts signed by them respectively of all such houses, together.wi$h'the number of all such persons respectively inhabitingtbeiaine* within his or their parish, ward, hamlet, or district rqfac&iyely, as are subject and liable by this act to receive suchoffijcm^and soldiers, together with the number of all such; officers and fei* diers as are quartered and billeted in each house respectivelyi tobe inspeaed and such lifts shall remain with the clerk of the peace of > the without fee. said city and liberties of IVcJlminjltr, to the iatcot that jlU and bvery person and persons shall and may be at Iibqfty to inlped Copies of such the same without fee or reward; and such clerk (halHofthwqtb* wronTb^the ^rom t*mc to ma^e anc* deliver to every or any person or derk, at act who shall require the same, true copies of 3U aodcCVtery

per (beet, con-or any such lifts, upon being paid two pence a (beet for each taining 150 and every such copies so taken, each sheet to be cpmputod a* and contain one hundred and fifty words; and if deiaidM>rner gjeft (ha! be made by any Detiy constable, headborough, or tythingman of any fuph parish, ward, hamlet, or district uythe delivering such lift to the juftjees at their quarter feffioqa, as ar foresaid, or if he or they shall so deliver Qr cause tq be delivered in, any false or defective lift, not including and specifying there<-in all and every such house and houses so liable by this.act to receive such officers and soldiers, or the names of all such officers and soldiers as are quartered and billeted in each house respectively; such petty constable, headborough, and tyihing* xmn, or any of them, so offending therein, (lull, for each fitdi offence, forfeit each the fuih of five pounds, to the use of tht poor of such respective parishes, wards, hamlets, and districts* to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chat* tels, by warrant or warrants under the hand and seal, or hands and Teals, of one or more of his Majesty's justice or justices of the peace for the said city of IVcJlminstert or for the, couqty of Middlesex (which warrant or warrants the said justice qr justice* is and are hereby impowered and required to cnak& and issue) and for want of sufficient distress to be found for that purpqfe, the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered and rer qnired, by warrant or warrants under his or their hands and Teals, to commit the person or persons so offending to the cpnv-mwi gaol of the said city of Hfcj}m\njler % or county of Middle-Tim 1 there to remain for any time to be limited by such iufticeor .tv, i*' justice*

words.

Penalty on default.

Penalty on fitting defec* tive-iigs*

Sow to be vied.

ip&'T Anno pftno Gbor&ii III. c. 6.233

justices, ndl exceeding three months, and not left than one month, without bail or mainprize.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Th" fold, That this act shall be construed to extend to the islands?1^10 ci j*rfefi Gsumfey, Alderney, and Sari, and the islands thereto ' belonging, a* to the daufes therein for mustering and paying, and the penalties thereto belonging.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Muster-rolls said. That the commiflary general of the musters, or his de-° puty, shall, upon every muster taken by him or them respective- 04 ly of any raiment, troop, or company, in his Majesty's service,dofc the muster-rolls of the said regiment, troop, or company, upon the place, the same day the muster is taken; and shall and returned return one of every of the said rolls so taken in parchment, to the paymaiter general of his Majesty's guards and garrisons, or forcei| See. to such? paymaster respectively, under whose care the payment of such forces shall be; and one of the said rolls so taken, to the comptroller or comptrollers of the accounts of the army, the fourth day after the said rolls shall respectively be doled, if in Leaden, or within twenty miles distance from the lame; and if at further distance, by the next poll after the said rolls shall be respectively doled; and no alterations or indorsements shall be made )n or upon the said muster-rolls, other than in the case of orders of leave, or dates of commissions, and other than involuntary errors or literal mistakes in writing or transcribing the fdd muster-rolls, upon pain of forfeiting their respective employments, and the sum of twenty pounds, to any person that Penalty, will foe for the same, for every such offence.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- justices may said, That for the better and more regular provision of carriages order confta-for his Majesty's forces in their marches, or for their arms, blestoprevide clothes, or accoutrements, in EnglandWales, and the town of carrw8e* Berwick upon Tweed, all justices of the peace, within their feve-'rid counties, ridings, divilions, shires, liberties, and precinets, being duly required thereunto by an order from his Majesty, or the general of his forces, or the matter general or lieutenant general of his Majesty's ordnance, shall, as often as such order i* brought and shewn unto one or more of them by the quarter-mailer, adjutant, or other officer of the regiment, detachment, trpop, or company, so ordered to march, issue out his or their warrants to the constables, or petty constables of the division, riding, city, liberty, hundred, and precinct, from, through, near, or to which such regiment, detachment, troop, or company shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such provision for carriages with able men to drive the same, as it 'mentioned in the said warrant, allowing them sufficient time to, do the same, that the neighbouring pans may not always bear the burthen; and in case fofficient carriages cannot be provided Within any such liberty, division, or precinct; then the next justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, or division, shall, upon such order as aforesaid, being brought or shewn to

on#

34'

Rates for carriages.

Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, See.

Penalty on constables, Sec. neglect.

Anno primo GsoK&fJ IH, C< 6. [ifio*

one or more of them, by anytoiifthe officers aforesaid; iffo* hi* or their warrants to the conlbUes or periycahftables of^such next county, riding, liberty, dirvtfion^ orpeccmck, forthepnr-pofesaforesaid, to makeup such cfefiefencys anefc the afforefasd officer or officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid wzmnt ffom the justices of the peaces are to demand the carriage-or carriages therein mentioned, of the conftafeieor petty conttaM* to whom the warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the same time to pay down in hand to* the said condable or petty con-(lable, for the use of the person who Aral I* provide.such carriages and men, the Aim. of one {billing for every mile any waggon with five hordes shall travel; and the sum of one (hil-> ling for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or four oxen'with two horses, shall travel; and the Aim of nine pence for every mile any cart with four horses shall travel; and so in* proportion for kfs carriages$ for which respective sums so received, the said roaftable or petty constable is hereby required to give a receipt in writing to the person or persons paying the same: and such conftahleor petty conilable mall order and appoint such person or persons, having carriages within their respective liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and fumilh such carriages and men, according to the warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and £umi(h the same accordingly: and if any military officer or officers, for the ufo of .whose troop or company the carriage was provided* (halt force and constrain any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, no trace* more than one day's journey, or shall not discharge the same in due* time for their return home, or shall suffer any soldier or servant (except such as are sick) or any woman to ride in* the waggon, wain, cart; or carriage aforesaid, or ftialt force; any constable or petty cent-liable, by threatenings or menacing words, to provide fatddte horses for themselves orservants, or shall force horses front the owners by themselves* fervanm, or fokfiers*every such officer, for every such offiencey shall forfeit the fiun of five pounds; proof thereof being made upon oath before two of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the same county or riding, who are to certify the same to the paymaster general, or other respective paymaster of his Majesty's forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid sum of five pounds according to* the order and .appointment under the hands and seals of the aforesaid justioesrof* the peace of the same county, or riding, who are hereby impowered to deduct the same out of such officer's pay.

XL. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any high conftaMe or petty condole shall wilfully neglect or re-fofe to execute such warrants of the justices of the peaces as shall be directed unto them for providing carriages as aforesaid; or if any person or persons, appointed by such constable or petty con-liable to provide or fumilh any carriage and man, shall refnfe or neglect to provide the same; or any other person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any a# or thing, wherfeby the execution of the said warrant shall be hindered or fruftratecLj every

*35

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III, c. 6.

such constable, or other person or persons so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor kfs than twenty shillings, to the use of the poor of the parish where any such offence shall be committed: and all and every such offence and offences shall and may be enquired of, heard, and fully determined, by two of his Majesty's justices of the peace, dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be committed, who have hereby power to cause the £ud penalty to be leviod by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner.

XLI. And whereas the respective sums of money by this act appointed to be paid to the constable by the officer $ demanding such car-triages, are not, in many cafeSysufficient to answer the charge and expence of providing the fame^ insomuch that the said constables arc frequently at great charges, over and above what is recetved by them of the said officers, to the great burthen of the township of whiih he is eonjlahky or else the persons performing such carriages are grievously eppressed; for remedy whereof, and that the said overplus charge may be borne by each county or riding, at the general charge of such county or riding, be it further enadVed by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurer or treasurers of each respective Treafarers of county or riding shall, without fee or reward, pay unto such the county to constable all and every such reasonable sum or sums of money, the con' so by him paid or laid out for such carriages, overand above ordinary^1* what was or ought to have been paid by the officer requiring charges; such carriages, out of the publick dock of such county or riding, according to such rates, orders, rules and directions, as the said justices of the peace, in their quarter sessions assembled, within their respective jurisdictions, shall, from time to time, during the continuance of this act, make, direct, and appoint (which orders shall be made without fee or reward) regard being always had to the season of the year, and the length and condition of the ways by and through which such carriages are to travel.

XLII. And in case the said publick flock of the county or riding be not sufficient (over and above the other purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary charge of car* riages before-mentioned; it is hereby farther end&ed. That the The money bid justices of the peace in the general quarter sessions shall have for those pur-power, from time to time, to raise monies upon the respective P°fcs.l?°w to counties or ridings in such manner as they now raise monies for*ral c " county gaols and bridges, to satisfy the said extraordinary charge of carriages.

XLIIL Provided always, and be it further enacted* That no No waggon, waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, imprefied by authority of this to cai?7 ad, shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this act, to carry drcdVeight?" above twenty hundred weight any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the carriages for the Carriage* in (Service of the forces from time to time quartered or marching in Scotland how Sattyndy shall be provided, in like manner, and at the rales, and tobcProvw*cfli

the

d by

r

*36

Soldiers wives, See. not to bk quartered without con* Tent.

Penalty.

Penalty on officers or soldiers destroying the game.

Penalty.

How the account ot every regiment frail be kept.

Anno primo Georgii III. C. 6. [1760.

the fuqnifher of such carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the law in force in Scotland^ at the time of the union.

XLV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer, military or civil, by this act authorized to quarter soldiers in any houses hereby appointed for that purpose, shall at any time, during the continuance of this act, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid-feryants of any officer or fol-dicr in any such houses, against the consent of the owners 5 the party offending, if an officer of the army, shall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the commander in chief of the army, or judge advocate, be ip/o fatto cashiered; and if a constable, tythingman, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved twenty shillings, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of tfte peace, to be levied by warrant of such justice, by distress and sale of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deducting reasonable charges ip taking the Came.

XLVI. And for the better preservation of the game, in or near such place, where any officers or soldiers shall at anytime be quartered; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if; from and after the said twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, any officer or soldier shall, without leave of the lord of the manor, under his hand and seal, first had and obtained, take, kill, or destroy, any hare* coney, pheasant, partridge, pigeon, or any other fort of fowls, poultty, or fish, or his Majesty's game, within the kingdom or Great Britain; apd upon complaint thereof shall be, upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, convicted before any justice or justices of the peace, who is and arc hereby impowered and authorized to hear and determine the same; (that is to (ay) every officer so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be distributed among the poor of the place where such offence shall be committed; and every officer commanding in chief upon the place, for every such offence committed by any fcldier under his command, shall forfeit the fuin of twenty shillings, to be paid and distributed in manner aforesaid: and if, upon conviction made by the justices of the peace, and demand thereof also made by the constable or overseers of the poor, such officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within two days pay the said respective penalties, such officer To refilling or neglecting shall forfeit, and is hereby declared to have forfeited, his commission, and his commission is hereby to be null and void.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That there shall be an exact account of all monies due, according to the muster-rolls, to every regiment in his Majesty's service, made between the paymaster genera], or other respective paymasters of the forces for the time being* and the colonel of every such regiment, or the agent by(bch colonel respectively appointed and authorized to receive the pay thereof from time to time (that is to say) when four months become due, an account shall be (fated as aforesaid, for

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c, 6\ 237

the two preceding months; and after the said account shall be so made up and perfected, it shall be registered in a book to be kept for that purpose in the pay-office, and there ftibscribed by such paymaster general, or other respective paymaster, or his deputy, and the colonel or agent of the regiment, who, toge? ther with the said paymaster, made up the same 5 and a duplicate thereof, by them respectively signed, shall be given to the said colonel or agent, without any fee or reward to be paid for the same: which colonel or agent shall deliver to each captain of the regiment an account of so much thereof as respectively appertained to him, and his troop or company, and the inferior officers or ibldiers thereof; and the balance which shall remain upon making up every such account as aforesaid, and also all other money as then shall become due to every such regiment,

shall be; by the said paymaster general, or other respective pay-matter, paid to the said colonel or agent respectively, at such time as his Majesty shall direct: and the paymaster general, or other refoeCtive paymaster for the time being, offending herein,

shall forfeit, for every such offence, one hundred pounds to any

person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any

of his Majesty's Courts of record: and if any deputy of the said Penalty -eq,

paymaster, or any agent of a regiment, shall offena in the pre- paymaster, See,

piffe?, upon proof thereof made, such deputy or agent shall

tpfi facto lose his place, and be incapable of that or any other

office for the future, and shall be liable to pay two hundred

pounds to any person who shall inform or sue for the same, by

action, bill, suit, or information, in any court of record af

Westminster % wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or

more than one imparlance, shall be allowed: and if any colo- Penalty on

riel of a regiment shall offend therein, such colond shall forfeit, colonels.

for CYcry such offence, one hundred pounds, to any person or

persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered as aforesaid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every non-commission officer who shall be convicted Non-commis-at a general or regimental court-martial, of having embezzled (ion officer or misapplied any money with which he may have been intruded embezzling for the payment of the men under his command, or for inlisting folder's pay, men into his Majesty's service, shall be reduced to serve in the ^yied, ranks as a private soldier, be put under stoppages until the mo-hey be made good, and suffer such corporal punishment (not extending to life or limb) as the court-martial shall think fit.

XLIX. And whereas several Jbldiers being duly lifted do afterwards defer and are often found wandering, or otherwise ahjenting themselves illegally from bit Majestfs service; it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the con-Just?* may (table, headborough, or tythingman of the town or place, where commit de*'aqy person, who may be reasonably suspeCted to be such a de- fcrUr*-, fertcV, shall be found, to apprehend, or cause him to be appre-bended, and to cause such person to be brought before any ju* ftice of the peace, living in or near such town or pfaee, 'toho hath hereby power to examine such suspected person; and if by

Reward for

Anno primo Georgii III. c [ 1760.

his confeflkm, or the testimony of one or mote witness or witr1 nefies upon oath, or by the knowledge of such juitke of the peaoe, it shall appear or be found, that such suspected perfoo is a lifted soldier, and ought to be with the troop or company to which he belongs; such just ice of the peace shall forthwith cause him to conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where he shall be found; or to the house of correction, or other publick prison in such town or place where such deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy> in case such deserter shall be apprehended within the city of London t or Westminster, or places adjacent; and transmit an account thereof to the secretary at war for the time being, to the end such person may be promeded against according to law: and the keeper of such gaol, htmfe of oorredtion, or prison, shall receive the full subsistence of such deserter or deserters, during the time that he or they shall continue in his custody, for the maintenance of the said deserter or deserters; but shall not be intitled to any fee or reward, on account of the imprisonment of Aich deserter or deserters; any law, usage, br custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. And, for tire better encouragement of any person or persons to secure or apprehend such deserters as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such jtiftke of the taking upde- peace shall also issue his warrant in writing to the collector or ferters* collectors of the land tax money of the parishortownship where such deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the land tax money arising or to arise in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, into the hands of such person who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any deserter from his Majesty's service, the sum of twenty shillings for every deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which sum of twenty shillings shall be satisfied by such collector to whom such warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his account.

Penalty on

LI. Provided always, That if any petion shall harbour, con-p*rfonii con- ceal, or assist any deserter from his Majesty's service, knowing cealing desert- him to be such; the person so offending shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds; or if any person shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive, any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King; from any soldier or deserter, or any other person, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, or cause the colour of such clothes to be changed; the person so offending shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds; and upon conviction by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any of liis Majesty's justices of the peace, the said respeiftive penalties of five pounds, and five pounds, shall be levied by warrant under the hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender; one moiety of the said first-mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer, by whose means such deserter shall bp apprehended; and one moiety of the said last-mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer; and the residue of

the

their arms, clothes, &c.

jfdo.J Anno ptimo Georgii III.' c.6. 2^9

the said respective penaliies to be paid to the officer to whom any such deserter or soldier did belong: and in case any such offender, who shall be ecmvicted, at aforesaid, of harbouring or a flirting any such defater or deserters; or having knowingly received any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King'; or having caused the colour of such dodies to be changed, contrary to the intent of this act, shall not have Efficient good* ana chattels, whereon diffrefs may be made, to the value of the penalties recovered against him for such offence, qt shall not pay such penalties within four days after such conviction; then, and in such case, .such justice of the peace shall and , may, by warrant under his hand and seal, either commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprise for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be puUiddy whipt, at the discretion of such justice.

LU. Provided always, That nocommissionoffioer shall break Penalty on of* open any house to search for deserters, without warrant from a ficer b*k*ng justice of the peace; and that every commission officer who rttall ^thontwar-without warrant from one or mote of his Majesty's justices of rant. the peace (which laid warrants the said justice or justices are hereby impowered to grant) forcibly enter into, or break open the dwelKng-house or out-houses of any person whatsoever under pretence of searching for deserters, shall, upon due proof thereof, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds,

LIU. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to His Majesty and for his Majesty, to form, make, and establish articles of impowered to war for the better government of his Majesty's forces, and for make articles bringing offenders against the lame to justice; and to erect and °*war* cotimtute courts-martial, with power to try, hear, and deter-

minc any crimes or offences by such articles of war, and inflict penalties by sentence or judgement of the lame, as well within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, Jersey,

Alderney, and Sark, and the islands thereto belonging, as in the island of Minorca, his Majesty's garrison of Gibraltar, and in any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas.

LIV. Provided always, That no person or persons shall be Nonetobead.

adjudged to suffer any punishment, extending to life or limb, judged of lire by the said articles of war, within the kingdom of Great Britain ?r |Jmb' but and Ireland, Jersey, Gutrnfey, Alderney, and Sari, and the islands p^re^to^* thereto belonging, except such crimes as are expressed to be so io punishable punishable by this act. by this ka.

r LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Deserters be officer or soldier shall desert his Majesty's service in any of his youd fca, &: c. Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, or elsewhere beyond the n, ay beried seas, and Ihidl efeape and come into this reaim, or. Ireland, or 01"Ire* into Jersey, Gteem/ey, Alderney, or Sark, or the islands thereto an belonging, before he be tried by a court-martial for suchotfencn,

nd shall be apprehended for the same; such officer or soldier dull be tried for the same, as if die said offence had been corn-autted within this realm.

240 Anno primo Georgii III. c.6. [1760.

This LVI. Provided always, That so much of this act as relates

fcrter* &c in to* Puni^)ment of mutineers and deserters, within this realms frc, an<* such who shall conceal deserters, or shall knowingly buy* exchange or otherwise receive, any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any soldier or deserter, or cause the colour of such clothes to be changed, shall extend, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, to such governors, or other officers in garrisons, and forces, as his Majesty lias now in pay, or shall have in pay in Inland, or in Jersey, Guernsey> Attorney, or Sari, and the islands thereto belonging, and shall be put in execution in that kingdom, by all justices of the peace, and other officers respectively, according to the tenor of, and Persons ac- Murine the continuance of this act.

quitted by the

LVII. Provided also, That no person or persons being ac-avil magi- quitted or convicted of any capital crimes, violences, or offences,

strate, may by the civil magistrate, shall be liable to be punished by a court-fldered by*a niartial for the same, otherwise than by cashiering. court-martial.

LVIII. Provided also, That if any officer, non-commission Persons ac- officer or soldier, shall be accused of any capital crime, or of cufed of capi- any violence or offence against the person, estate, or property tal crimes, &c. of any of his Majesty's (ubjests, which is punishable by the to be delivered known laws of the land $ the commanding officer or officers of civil masi! every regiment, troop, company, or party, is and are hereby stratt, &c.- required to use his utmost endeavours to deliver over such at-cufed person to the civil magistrate; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in the seizing and apprehending such offender, in-order to bring him to trial: and if any such commanding officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon application made to him for that purpose, to deliver over any such accused person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in the apprehending such offender; every such officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace for the county where the fast is committed, by the oath of two credible witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-Paymasters, said. That every present and future paymaster, agent, or clerk &c. to account of any garrison, regiment, troop, or company, who is or shall with execu-^liable to account with any of the executors and adminiftrsv* 104tors of every officer or soldier, for any of the pay of such officer or soldier, by him or them received; shall. On reasonable demand made by such executor or administrator, deliver a just and true account to any such executor or administrator, of such sum or sums of money as he or they shall have so respectively received for such officer or soldier, and for which they ought so to

' account

i?6 o.l Anno primo Georg ill II, c .6: 24*

account as aforesaid, such executor or adrainistrator paying for

the same; and shall account with such executor or administrator for the same* and that every such paymaster, agent, or clerk of any garrison, regiment, troop, or company, offending herein, shall forfeit the like penalties, and to be recovered in like manner as appointed by this act, for such colonels or agents not giving due accounts of or for the pay of the said officers or soldiers, to and for such officers and foldiprs themselves.

LX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons sued That if any action, bill, plaint, or suit shall be brought against may plead the any perfoaor persons, for any act, matter or thing, to be acted £cnerallfluc* or done in pursuance of this act, that it shall and may be lawful'to and for all and any person or persons sued as aforesaid, to plead thereunto the general issue, that he or they are not guilty, and to give such specral matter in evidence to the jury which shall try the issue; which special matter, being pleacted, had been a good and sufficient matter in law to have discharged the said defendant or defendants of the trespass or other matter laid to his or their charge: and if the verdict shall pass with the said .defendant or defendants, in any such action, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein become nonsuit, or suffer any discontintrance thereof; that in every such case the justice or justices, or such other judge, before whom the said matter shall be tried, shall by force and virtue of this act allow unto the defendant or defendants his or their treble costs, which he or they shall have sustained Treble costs* by reason of their wrongful vexation in defence of the said action or suit; for which the said defendant or defendant*shall have the like remedy as in other cases, where costs by the laws of this realm are given to defendants.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That All suits to every bill, plaint, action, or suit, against any person or persons, be brought in for any act, matter, or thing, to be^acted or done in pursuance somehe of this act, or against any member or minister of a court-mar- £onTat°We(U tial, in respect of any sentence of such court, or of any thing minder or done by v irtue or in pursuance of such sentence, shall be brought Dublin, or the in some of the courts of record at Westminster or Dublin, or the ^our.t court of fefilon in Scotland, and in no other court whatsoever. COt-

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, continuance That this act, and every thing herein contained, shall be and Of this act. continue in force within the realm of Great Britain, from the said twenty fourth day of Marcby in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, until the twenty fifth day of Marcby in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and shall be and continue in force within the kingdom of Ireland, and \njersey, Guernsey, Alderney and Sark* and the islands thereto belonging, from the said twenty fourth.day of Marcby in the year ot our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, until the first day of May* one thousand seven hundred and sixty two y and shall be and continue in force, within the island of Minorcav and garrison of. Gibraltar, and in -his Majesty's other dominions beyond the- seas* from the said; Vox, . XXIII. R twenty

*4* Anno primo Georgii III. c. [1760.

twenty fourth day of Marth, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, until the twenty fifth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand* seven hundred and sixty three.

Penalties a- LXItl. And whereas by an act of the year of the reign of gainst the act \ait majesty King George the Firs, An act for the

where "to'be more effectual and exemplary puttifhmertt of such persons as sued for. shall seduce soldiers to desert; or, being papists, shall inlist

themselves in his Majesty's service in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, of Sdri, or the islands thereto belonging; it is That any person or persons whatsoever, whojhau dirrffly or perfuaie or ,

Or endeavour to persuade or procure, any fotdier or in the service of his Majesty, or of his heirs and to desert; such

person or persons jo offending, and being thereof lawfully conviSied shall forfeit the suns of forty pounds: now be it enacted, That for such offences as shall be committed against the find recited act, within that part of Great Britain called England, the penalties thereby enacted shall be sued for and recoverable, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; and for such offences

f; ainst the said act, as shall be committed in that part of Great ritain called Scotland, the same shall bfefued for, and recoverable, in his Majesty's courts of exchequer in Scotland', and for such offences against the said act as shall be committed in Ireland, the same shall and may be sued for, and recoverable, in any of the four courts at Dublin; and for such offences against the Aid aft as shall be committed within the islands of Guernsey,

and Sari, and the islands thereto belonging, the same shall and may be sued for, and recoverable, in the royaf court of Guehtftf', and for such offences against the said act as shall be committed within the island of Jersey, tire same shall and may be sued fat, and recoverable, in the royal court of Jersey, any thing in the Aid recited act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith-'standing.

LXI v. And to prevent, as far as maybe, ohy unjujl or fraudulent arrests that may be made upon soldiers, whereby his Majfty and the pubtici may be deprived of their service', it is hereby further enac-No volunteer ted by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever, who liable to pro- js or shall be listed, or shall lift and enter himself as a volunteer same criming*11 his Majesty's service, as a soldier, either in the kingdom 6f matter, Great Britain or Ireland, or in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, at Sark, or the islands thereto belonging, or in any Of his Majesty's plantations, during the continuance of this act, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any procefc or execution whatsoever, other than for same criminal matter, or "tejfrr a unless for a real debt, or other just cause of action; and unless, the value of before the taking out of fitch process or execution (not being so'r jol. a criminal matter) the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein. Or tome

Oath of the other person or persons on hi* or their behalf, shall make a'ftl- davit before one or more judge or judges of the court of me bewre1: ccorti} or o^er court, traf $f tjpucfc fuel) procefc or execution

ilvJl.

*43

1769.] Anno primo Gsoftoil UL c. 6.

0g*U tffijt, or before (bmcperfen authorized to take affidavits frl fori) courts, that to his or their knowledge the original sum, jwilly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs from the defendant or defendants, in the action or cause of action on which such procefis shall issue, or the original debt for which such execution shall bet iflpedout, amounts to the value of ten pounds at tail, over and above ah costs of suit in the same action, or in any Other Action on which the same shall be grounded j a memoran- and utarlced dutn of which oath shall be marked on the back of such process on the back of Of writ; for which memorandum or oath no fee shall be taken: lhp Proce^* ond if any per ion shall fteverthdefs be arrested .contrary to the intent of this act, h shall and may be lawful for one or more judge or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himself, or by any his superior officer, to examine into the fajme by the oath of the parties, or otherwise, and by warrant under his or their hands and Teals, to discharge'such faldier so acceded contrary to the intent of this act, without paying any fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or them, that such Soldier lb arrested, was legally lifted as a soldier in his Majesty'a service, and arrested contrary to the intent of this act, ond also to award to the party fb complaining, such costs as such judge or judges shall think reasonable: for the recovery where-<nf9 he Audi have the like remedy that the person who takes put the Slid execution might have had for his costs, or the plaintiff in the like action might have had for the recovery of his costs. to case judgement had been given for him with costs against the defendant in the said action.

LXV. And to the end that honest creditors, who aim only at the recovery of their just debts due to them from persons entered into, and Lifted in his Maytftfs service, may not be hindered from suing for the fame9 but on the contrary may be affijled and forwarded in their suits; and instead of an arrefi, which may at once hurt the service, and occasion a great expence and delay to themselves y may be enabled to proceed in a more speedy and cheap method; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Plaintiff m*y for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice first given in writing filca conum>a of the cause in action to such person or persons so listed, or leftPPcarance* at his or their last place of residence before such listing, to file a common appearance in any action to be brought for or upon account of any debt whatsoever, so as to intitle such plaintiff to prqceod therein to judgement and outlawry, and to have an execution thereupon, other than against the body or bodies of him or them so lifted as aforesaid j this act, or any thing here-in, or any former law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore&idj Penalty on That if any high constable, cctnstable, bedel, or other officer taking7money or person whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this to excuse any shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billet* P*1*0 from t*g* any officers or soldiers, shall neglect ot refuse, for the Space <luamrm*

R 2 of

Anno primo Georgi III. c 6. [17*0.

of two hours, to quarter or billet such officers or soldiers when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this act directed, provided sufficient notice be given before the arrival of such troops; or shall receive, demand, contract, or agree for any sum or sums of. money, or any reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse any person or persons whatsoever from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their or victuallers house or houses any such officer or soldier* or in case any vic-refusing to tualler, or any other person, liable by this a ct to have any offi-quarter fol- cer or soldier billeted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse dlcr*' to receive or victual any such office^ or soldier, so quartered or

billeted upon him or her as aforesaid \ or shall refuse to fumiih or allow, according to the diredioris of this act, the several things herein before respectively directed to be furnished or allowed to non commission officers and soldiers so quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient hay and draw .for each horse so quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, at^ the rate herein before-mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty, within which such offence shall be committed, either by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witr nefs or witnesses (which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to administer) every such high constable, constable, bedel, or other officer or person so offending, shall fprfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, or any sum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty.shillings (as the said justice or justices, before whom the matter shall be heard, shall, in his or their discretion, think fit) to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the person offending, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of such justice or justices, before whom such offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other constable within the county, city, or liberty, or to any of the overseers of the poor of the parish where the offender shall dwell; the said sum of five pounds, or the said sum not ex*-ceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, when levied, to be paid to the, overseers of the poor of the parish wherein the offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the use of the poor of the said parish.

Justices may LXVII. And^ for the better preventing abuses in quarteringr

b!esCto °give*billeting the soldiers, in pursuance of this act; be it further enact-an account of ed by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful the number of to and for any one or more justice pr justices of the peaoe, soldiers quar- Within their respective counties, cities, or liberties, by warrant tere, &c. Qr orcjer un(jer his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, at any time or times during the continuance of this act, to require and command any high constable, constable, bedel, or other officer, who shall quarter or billet any soldiers in pursuance of this act, to give an account in writing unto the said justice or

justices requiring the same, of the number of officers arid soldi-ers

Anno primo Georgii III. c.6. 245

ers who shall be quartered or billeted by them, and also the I names of the housekeepers or persons, upon whom every such officer or soldier shall be quartered or billeted, together with an account of the ftreer or place where every such housekeeper cfryells, and of the signs (if any) belonging to their houses; to the end it may appear to the said justice or justices where such Officers and soldiers are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all abuses in the quartering or billeting of them.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any troops How the or parties upon command have occasion in their march to pafs1rooPs ar*to regular ferries in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, it over temesm shall and may be lawful for the commanding officer, either to Scotland, pafc over with his party as passengers, or to hire the ferry boat tntire to himself and his party, debarring others for that time, in his option; and in case he shall choose to take passage for himself and party as passengers, he shall only pay for himself, and for each person, officer, or soldier, under his command, half of the ordinary rate payable by Angle persons at any such ferry; and in case ne shall hire the ferry boat for himself and party, he shall pay half of the ordinary rate for such boat or boats; and in such places where there are no regular ferries, but that all passengers hire boats at the rate they can agree for, officers, with or without parties, are to agree for boats, at the rate as other persons do in the like cases.

LXIX. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared by Clause for re-the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth PcJ; son* day of March, one thoufitnd seven hundred and sixty one, whentTemielves"^ and as often as any person or persons shall be inlisted as a soldier or soldiers in his Majesty's land service, he and they shall, within four days, but not sooner than twenty four hours, after such inlisting respectively, be carried before the next justice of the peace of any county, riding, city, or pJace, or chief magistrate of any city or town corporate (not being an officer in the army) and before such justice or chief magistrate, he or they shall be at liberty to declare his or their dissent to such inlisting; and upon such declaration, and returning the inlisting-money, and also each person so dissenting paying the fifm of twenty shillings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, such person or persons so inlisted shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty, in the presence of such justice or chief magistrate; but if such person or persons shall refuse or neglect, within the space of twenty four hours, to return and pay such money, as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be inlisted, as if he or they had given his or their assent thereto before the said justice or chief magistrate; or if such person or persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily inlisted himself or themselves, then such justice or chief magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that such person or persons is or are duly inlisted; setting forth the place of the birth, age, and calling of him or them respectively (if

Person* refilling the Taid relief to be proceeded gainst, as if duly lifted.

2*6 Anno primo Georgii III. c.& [1760.

known and that the second and iuth fe£Hot*of the articles of war against mutiny and desertion were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath oMhtioned ill the fakl articles of war; and if any such person or psrfons* so to be certified as duly inlisted, shall refafe to take the find oath of fidelity before the said justice or chief itisgistrate, it shall and may M lawful for inch officer, from whom he has received, such money as aforesaid, to detain or confide such person or persons, until he or they shall take tht oath before required; and every military officer that shall act contrary hereto* of offend herein, shall incur the like penalty and forfeiture, as is by this act to be inflicted upoh any officer for making a false add untrue muster) and the penalty and forfeiture shall be levied and recovered ill the same manner as any penalties or forfeitures are by this act to be levied and recovered*

LXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* That if any person or persons shall receive the inlistmg-iftoney proceeded a- ^rom any °cer (knowing it to be such) and shall abfcood or gainst, at if'refuse to go before such justice or chief masiftrste* in order to declare his afient or difient* as aforesaid; fuen person or personi shall be deemed and taken to be itilifted to all intents and por-poses whatsoever; and shall and may be proceedsd*gainst, as if he or they had taken the oath directed by the said articles of war to be taken before such justice or chief diagistrate.

LXXI. And, in order to all doubts thit may arise in rt*

iatio/S to P'jniJbing trims and of ernes eomrnkttd forint Offs

of parliament, for puttishing mutiny and*for the bett&

payhmt of the army and their quarters; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all crimes and offences which have been committed against any act for the punishing mutiny and defer* tien, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters* shall and may, during the continuance of this prefebt act, be inquired of* heard* tried, and determined, adjudged* and pun* ished, before and by the like courts, persons, powers, authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the like crimes end Offences, committed against this present act, may be inquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and pUnilhetL None liable to LXXII. Provided always, That no person shall be liable jnshed for of- be tr*ed or punished for any offence against any of the said afb, fences against unkfe ftrch offence shall have been committed withm^ three former acts, years; except only for the offence of defertiom

: 01P' LXXIii. And whereas it mdy otherwise hi doubted* whether the "txi* tffiC€TS an* employed in the trains of artillery, be wkbin the

9'intent and meaning of this act, for pttnijhtng of officers and soldiers who Jhdll mutiny, or desert his Majesty's fervid, and far prthi/hing false mupers, and for payment of quarters \ it is hereby ent&ed btf the authority aforesaid, That the officers and persons cm pfoyed* or that shall be employed, in the several trains of artillery* be subject to this st aj| times subject to all the penalties aild puniftunents men*-^ tioned in this act, and shall in all respects whatsoever be holder

to

Offences against former mutiny acts punishable by ibis acts

pnlefs committed \

3 yws i cept for desertion.

Officers, See, of the train of artillery

*47

*?6oJ Anno primo Georgii III; c. 6.

to be within the intent and meaning of every part of this act, charing the continuance of the same.

LaaIV. And whereas great mifebief and inconvenience m y 4r rife9 if it Jbeuld be doubted whether troops in pay* raised in any of the British provimes in America, by authority of the respefljve governors or governments thereof ore, while aBing in conjunction with his Majestfs British forces, under the command of an officer having a commission immediately from his Majesty, liable to the same rules and articles of war, and the same penalties and punifiments, as the British forces are subjetl to: To prevent such mischief and to re* move all doubts; be it declared and enacted by the authority a-forpsaid, That all officers and soldiers of any troops, being muf- American tered and in pay, which are or shall be raised in America as troops, ad-aforesaid, shall at ail times, and in all places, when they hap- JnSJ.n con.'. pen to join, or ad in conjunction with, his Majesty's British BritishTforce* forces, be liable to martial law and discipline, in like manner liable to the9 to all intents and purposes, as the British forces are, and shall same martial be fbbjed to the same trial, penalties, and punishments.

LXXV. And whereas the officers and soldiers of the fgid troop$ % officers and being taken prisoners in America, are frequently Jent over to Great soldiers of the Britain in a very distressed condition: and whereas their pay is not ^eriC|-ant sufficient to provide them with necessary lodgings and accommodations \ Great

be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, during the con- Britain, finuance of this act, it shall be lawful for the constables, and other civil magistrates, within England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, to quarter and fillet the officers and fol- tobeauarter-dier* of the said American troops in all such houses as are liable by this act to receive the officers and soldiers of his Majesty'*

British forces: and the said constables, and other civil magi-strates, are hereby required to quarter and billet the officers and soldiers of the salt) American troops in the same manner, and under the same regulations and penalties, as are directed by this act to be observed in quartering and billeting the officers and soldiers of his Majesty's British forces; and alipersons on whom Jn<* undertba the officers and soldiers of the said troops shall be legally quar- pe-

tered, refuting to receive and provide for them, as is directed for the officers and soldiers of his Majesty* British forces, shall be subject to the same penalties as in the case of the said British forces.

LXXVI. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained This act not shall extend, or be any ways construed to extend, to concern cxt.c"? any of the militia forces of this kingdom, or of the kingdom of than Ireland, or in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, or Sark9 or the islands i, directed by thereto belonging, excepting only in such case wherein by any the militia act for regulating the militia forces in that part of Great Britain , aws# called England, the provisions contained in this act, or in any act for punishing mutiny and desertion, which shall be then in force, are extended and meant to take place in respect of the officers of the militia, and private militia men, within the part of Great Britain aforesaid.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 7. [176°,

CAP. VII.

An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon firong beer and ale; and for raising the sum of twelve millions, by way of annuities and a lotteryr, to be charged on the said duty; and for further encouraging the exportation of firong beer and ale.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. your Majesty's mo^ dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising, by the most easy means, the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your, Majesty, the rates, duties, and impositions, herein after-mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may beenadted j and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

An additional authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fourth duty of 3 s. day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, Ranted on all ^lere be, Wit^, n anc^ throughout the whole realm of Great beer or ale, Britain, raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty. above 6s. the his heirs, and successors, by way of excise, over and above all ot^er duties, charges, and impositions, by any former actor. acts of parliament set or imposed, an additional duty upon all beer and ale as herein after-mentioned; that is to say, For every barrel of beer or ale above six shillings the barrel (exclusive of the duties of excise) brewed by the common brewer, or any other person or persons who doth or shall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately (to be paid by the common brewer, or by such other person or persons respectively) the sum of three shillings, and so proportionably for a greater or leflep quantity.

A proportion-'II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, al duty to be That for the barrel of twopenny ale mentioned and described Errre^ofYwo^n ^event^ article of the treaty of union, there shall be only.

paid and charged by virtue of this act, such a proportional part of three shillings, as two shillings bears to four shillings and nine pence, over and above the other duties wherewith the said barrel of ale is charged in the said article, or by any subsequent act of parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rulesj methods, allowances, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which in and by an act made in the twelfth

aft ia Car. a. year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in ca-pite, and by knights service and purveyance; and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof; or by any other law now

iq

for Tale in England; to commence on 24 Jan. 1761.

penny ale brewed for sale in Scotland.

All the powers, rules, and directions, &c. established by

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. f. 249

in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, or by any* ale, or other liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for*hyaftn°" tearing, enforcing, managing, raifine, levying, collecting, pay-Sgtoathedu-ing, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the ties of excise, duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto (not otherwise alter- are extended ed by this act) shall beexercised, practised, applied, used, im- to the duties posed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for the fecu- granted by ring, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, thM a^# mitigating, and adjudging, ascertaining, and recovering, the duties and penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, allowances, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters', and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

IV. And for the preventing of disputes which may arise touching the breaking in* or mixing into, guiles or brewings of beer or ale brewed after the commencement of this oQ, such beer or ale as hath been brewed before the commencement thereof and which bath re- brewed

mained in the custody of the brewer thereof ever since the same wasbefore the said brewod > be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid,4 J*n. if anT That all beer and ale brewed before the commencement of this time thereaf-act, which, at any time after the commencement thereof, shall anAft£fh be broke into, or mixed with, any fresh guile or brewing of or brewing, is beer or ale, shall be, and js hereby made liable to the said aadi- to pay thed-tional duty imposed by this act. ditional duty.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That A drawback for the further encouragement of the exportation of ale and of 8s. per bar-strong beer, and thereby for the advancement of trade and en- b^he couragement of tillage and manufacture of this realm, it shall commiftLners and may be lawful, from, and after the twenty fourth day of of excise on January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, for any all beer and person in any sea port, or upon any navigable river, to export

and ship off as merchandize, within any of the usual and allow- ^janAnd ed ports by law, and at the common quays for exportation and exported to lading on board of merchandize, or quays to be appointed for foreign partsj that purpose, and within the usual hours of excise, for account of himself or any other (to be exported into foreign parts) in the presence of a sworn gauger, or other sworn officer to be appointed by the farmers, of, or sub-commissioners, of his Majesty's excise, upon notice thereof to them given at the office of excise within the limits whereof the said strong beer and ale was brewed or made, of the respective port or place where the same shall be shipped, any sort of strong beer or ale to be spent beyond the seas; which said gauger or officer afore- the proper of. said shall certify the quantity of the said strong beer and ale shipped off to the of and officers of excise, where the catcVfthe*entry thereof shall be made, who are hereby required, after quantity exproof being made, that the duties have been charged or paid, ported, and and that the strong beer or ale was brewed after the twenty

fourth duiy .

Anno primo Georgii III, c. 7. [tyCo.

fourth day of yanuary, one thousand sewn hundred end sixty one, to make an allowance or drawback of eight (htOingjr fox every barrel on all strong beer or ale, brewed or made after the twenty fourth day of January^ one thousand seven hundred and

fiYtv ?*n/1 fn nntn thd Kpm*#* mekar

per ton for per ton for the charges or their omcers, and no more; whiett c*?r*esofthc fai<l allowance or drawback, is hereby declared to be in full for

officers. j____1__.l. .. 1__.1.: ____.j c.__

all drawbacks or allowances which can or may be claimed for the same.

AftiW.&M. VI. And whereas by an act made in the first year of the reign of

the late King William and JQueen Mary, intituled, At\ act for encouraging the exportation olfcom, an allowance of two shillings and six pence per quarter, is to be paid to the exporter of barley or malt, when the same is sold at twenty four shillings per quarter, or under: and whereas the exportation of beer which is made from

Bounty of is. tilted com only, and whereon the malt duties have been already paid, per barrel to' will tend to the further encouragement of tillage and manu/adhere, be paid by the and be of publico utility; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, onmn^Sootrs That for every barrel of strong beer or ale, proved to have been anstrong^er^ after t*ic twenty fourth day of January, one thqnland and ale ex- seven hundred and sixty one, from malted com, and whereupon ported, for the duties for strong beer or ale shall be proved to have been which duties charged or paid, there shall be paid to the exporter of the same paid, brewed as merchandize, by the of of his Majesty's excise, after the said or other proper officer belonging to them, when barley is at 34 fan. from twenty four shillings per quarter, or under, upon producing from or o^10^ of excise, who saw the strong beer or ale at 14s. per shipped on board, a certificate of the quantity so shipped, out quarter, or of the duties granted by this present act, the sum of one shilling under. for every barrel of strong beer or ale so exported.

Duty to be VII. And, to the intent his Majestfs duty of excise may not be paid for (h ong prejudiced, for such firong beer or ale as JbaR be [pent on Jbtp-board\ r rormnj ke If enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty's (pent on Hap- of and officers of the customs shall, and they are

*0*td. u___u_____..j _ — .u__________In___

hereby required and enjoined, to charge every master of any ship or vessel, in his victualling bill, with so much strong beer or ale, and no more, as such number of men used to (pend id such voyages; the excise whereof to be recovered according to the laws and rules ali^ady established.

All powers, VIIL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-rules, me- thority aforesaid, That all the roles, regulations, directions, powers, penalties, forfeitures, elauses, matters, and things, 33 Gm?*. with which by an act made in the last session of parliament (intituled; retpeft to the An act for preventing the excessive ufie of spirituous lifuors, by laying drawback and additional duties thereon; for Shortening the prohibition of making win* ttnd Spirits from wheat, barley, malt, and other grain, and

17*.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 7. 251

far and in respoft to the paying and allowing the drawback and therein, to he bounty thereby granted upon Spirits exported as merchandize, !n. and for preventing, dotesting, and punching frauds and abides, ^hc drawback in the relanding the same, and all other frauds and abufea pre- and bounty, vious to the shipping, or relating to the exportation of such fpi- &c- payable rits, and the obtaining such drawback and bounty, not other* under thii aft. wife altered by this act, shall, except such parts as relate to the fixe of the calks and burden of the ships or vessels, he exercised, practised, applied, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for paying ana allowing the drawback and bounty hereby granted upon beer and ale; and for preventing, detesting, and punishutg frauds and abuses in the relanding nich beer or ale, and all other frauds and abuses previous to the shipping, or relating to the exportation thereof, and the obtaining the said drawback and bounty} as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said rules, regulations, directions, powers, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again re-enacted in the body of this present act.

IX. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority Fine*, penal-aforesaid, That all finds, penalties, and forfeitures herein before!* impofitd, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated by [j^1 b^iST such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfei- Md frri*a. ture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of

excite (not otherwise directed by this act) or by action of debt, bill, plaint, of information, in any of his Majeny's courts of record at IFeJlminJltr, or in the court of Exchtqtur in Sathnd respectively j and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall b* to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the ferae.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The , mount

the several and respective officers who shall ba employed in the of the new du-afiefsing, raising, collecting, levying, and recovering, the duties tie* to be di-by this act granted, shall, from time to dose, distinguish in their 19

accounts, the amount of the monies arising by such duties, and accounts shall pay the same into the receipt of the exchequer, distinctly and '

foparamy from all monies to arise by any other duties upon beer

and ale} and that in the office of the auditor of the receipt of ? P*^

the exchequer, a book or books shall be provided and kept, in chequer Vtpa. which all the monies arising by virtue of this act, and paid into ratty from al) the said receipt, shall be entered, separate and apart from all other duties, ether monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs, and &c* foaceflors, upon any account whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority These rfwtie* aforesaid, That the several and retfwftive annuities .which by

this act are herein after directed to attend the principal firm of ^nt of the twelve millions, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and pay- annuities able out of, the said duties by this act granted upon beer and chargeable ex ale, and the fiud duties are hereby appropriated for that purpose b^Jwedtm accordingly.

2$z Anno primo Georgii III c. 7/ [1766.

XII. And whereas the commons of Great Britain in parliament cJfemMed have resolved, That, towards raising the supply granted to his Majesty in this present fi/fion of parliament, the sum of twehe millions be raised.in manner following \ that is to say, The sum of eleven millions four hundred thousand pounds he raffed by annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, transferable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament; and that every contributor to the said eleven millions four hundred thousand poundSy shall also be iatitled to an annuity of one poundy two /billings, and fix pencey for every one hundred pounds contributedy to continue for a certain term of ninety nine years irrcdeemabUy and to be transferable at the bank of England; and that the sum of six hundred thousand pounds be also raised by a lottery, attendant on the said annuities, the blanks and prizes whereof to be converted into like three pounds per centum transerrable annuities with the above mentioned three pounds per centum annuitieSy to be payable in respect of the said eleven millions four hundred thousand pounds; and that all the said three pounds per centum annuities be added toy and made part of the joint stock of three pounds per centum annuities consolidated at the bank of England: and whereas pursuant to and upon the several terms and conditions expressed in the said resolution9 several persons havey in boots opened at the bank of England for that purpose, fubfiribed together the whole of the faiafum of twelve millionSy and made depoftts of fifteen pound spec centum on the reffective sums by them so fubfiribed with the ca/hiers of the bonk of England: and whereas several of the said subscribers may have already paidy or may hereafter pay, unto the said co/biersy the whole, or same further part whohavcr*l or Pjris> sum k khm respectively Jubfiribedy previous to the ready made" day* limited and appointed for the said nfpetiive payments; be it depo(it& of 15L therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and of the may be lawful to and for all such subscribers who have made-fd"b fUheCnk deposits with the said cashiers as aforesaid, to advance and pay, towards the they are hereby required to advance and pay, unto the ca-purchase of fhier or caftiiers of the said governor and company of the bank annuities on of England; which cashier or cashiers is and are hereby ap-the sum of pointed the receiver and receivers of such contributions, with-to b<frai£d on any ot^cr >varrant to be had on that behalf; the several re-

the credit of mainders of the sums by them respectively subscribed towards this act, are the said sum of twelve millions, at or before the respective times to make their or jayS> and \n the proportions herein after limited and ap-snents[<m." P°^nlc^ on that behalf; that is to say, In respect of their pro- in resp'ea of portionable share of the said sum of eleven millions four hun-thrirpropor- dred thousand pounds, the further sum of fifteen pounds per tional share of centumy being part of the sum so remaining, on or before tho twenty eighth day of February# one thousand seven hundred and by8Febr. sixty one; the further sum of ten pounds per centumy other part 10I. per cent. thereof, ©n or before the fourteenth day of April then next fol-by H April, ]0wmg; the further sum of ten pounds per centumy other part by £] May/' thereof, on or before the twenty seventh day of May then next to 1. ptr cent. following; the further sum of ten pounds per centumy other part by 13 June, thereof, on or before the twenty third day of June then next

following $

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III c. 7, 253

following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum, other part jo 1-per thereof, on or before the thirty first day of July then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum, other part by August, thereof, on or before the twenty eighth day of August then next 10I. perctnt. following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum, other part by 15 Sept, thereof, on or before the twenty fifth day of Septemberthen next following; and the remaining sum of ten pounds per cen- p# ceatfby turn, on or before the twentieth day of' October then next fol- % o October, lowing: and in respect of their proportionable share of the said J7&1; sum of six hundred thousand pounds, the further sum of twenty theirrcT-five pounds per centum, being part of the sum so remaining, on £0rtionaWhar* or before the twenty first day of March, one thousand seven of 600, 0001. hundred and sixty one; the further sum of thirty pounds per 25 Per cent, centum, other part thereof, on or before the twentyminth day* of April then next following; and the remaining sum of thirty by i9 Aprilj pounds per centum, on or before the fifteenth day of July then and 30 u per next following.*/. by 15

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, next* That the several subscribers or contributors, their executors. Annuitants administrators, successors, and assigns, in respetft of the said intitled to 3 L sum of eleven millions four hundred-thousand pounds, shall/'rl/ in-be intitled to an annuity after the rate of three pounds^fu°m of* tenium per annum, for and upon every one hundred pounds Il>400>000|t by them respectively subscribed, advanced, and paid towards and to the fur-(he said sum, redeemable by parliament; and shall also be in- ther sum of 11, titled, for and upon every one hundred pounds so subscribed,

to an annuity after the rate of one pound two shillings and yearS# r 99 six pence per centum per annum, for a certain term of ninety nine Annuities to years; all which said annuities shall commence and be comput- take place5 ed from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred Jan. 1761, and sixty one, and shall be paid by half-yearly payments, in evennd to be P41* and equal portions, on the fifth day of July, and the fifth day fa

of January, in every year: and that the several subscribers or and 5 Jan.*contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and Subfcnbers to assigns, in respect of the said sum of six hundred thousand the so^ooooh pounds, shall be intitled to as many tickets in the lottery herein proportion* after-mentioned, as the sum or sums by them respectively sub- able {hare of (bribed, advanced, and paid, shall purchase, after the rate of lottery tickets, ten pounds for each ticket; and that the said sum of fix hun- a* \c?ch| dred thousand pound* shall carry an annuity after the rate of Jo carry three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; on ctnt. inl and such annuity shall commence and be computed from theterect; fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, to pl*c* and shall be paid by half-yearly payments, in even and equalon H5 portions, on the fifth day of July, and the fifth day of January, half-yearly^ in every year. viz. on 5 July*

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority, aforesaid, and 5 Jan. That all such subscribers or contributors, their executors, ad- cI|tnrib^t^* ministrators, successors, and assigns, paying in the whole of the ^holcfoTtheir sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said sum of subscriptions eleven millions four hundred thousand pounds, on or before towards the the eighteenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred*aid rum ot

and

towards the said sum of 600, 0001. to have lottery tickets deli.

*54 Anno primo Georgii III. c.7. f 1766.

11, 400, 0001. and sixty one, shall be intitled to an allowance of so much rwo-°i u t*ic interest of the several sums so paid on or before the

to bellowed b'd eighteenth day of Sept, after the rate of three pounds interdt forth epercentum per annum, shall amount to, from the day on which

same, at the such payments shall have been actually made, to the twentieth rate of j I. perday Ofieberthen next following, such allowance to be paid fiffn by the said cashier or cashiers out of the monies contributed to-

of such pay- wards the hid sum of eleven millions four hundred thousand ment, to 16 pounds, as soon as such rdpe&ive subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, AtcoriTors, and assigns, shall have And those compkated such payment; and that all the fubfariben or con-paying w the tribntors, their executors, administrators, successors, or afligne, subscriSion^-f the "*<* Of the sum or films by them re^e&ivdy ihbscribed towards the Cud sum of six hundred thousand pounds, shall have lottery tickets delivered to them, to the amount of the principal sum or sums by them subscribed and paid for the purchase thereof, at the rate of ten pounds for each ticket, is vcreTthcm to soon as such tickets can conveniently be made out. the amount of XV. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities afore-their subserip- said shall be transferable at the bank of England; the said an-Ammities tmkies of throe pounds per centum per annum being subject never-

transferable theless to fitch redemption as is hereafter mentioned, at the bank. XVI. And be it further traded by the authority aforesaid, Cashier of the That the cafhcer or cashiers of the governor and company of bank to sire the bank of England, wholhall have received, or (hull receive, th^rrvolies My V*1 of contributions, towards the said fiimof eleven

paid in $ antflions four bund red thousand pounds, fhalLgive a receipt or re-

which are af- criptsin writing to every such contributor for all (bch films? and signahJeatany that the receipts to be given Jhafll be aflignaMe, by mdorfement S*k^P011*&&, ut any time before the fifth day of December, cc'17 '* une thousand seven hundred and Cutty one, and no longer.

Cashier togine XVII. Provided always, That fudficalhier or eastliers fiiwil fecority give security to the good liking of any three or more of the commissionerc of the tre?fury, or the high treasurer for the time being. For duly answering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the publick use, all the monies which they have already received, and shall hereaster receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum of twelve millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in them reposed; and Thai], from time to time, pay &H and top&ythefocb monies, as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any monies into part thereof, or within five days afterwards at thefortheft* and the exchequer* jfcreh account for the same in the exchequer according to the due course thereof, deducing thereout such sums as fhafll have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this act; for which saros so paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

Treasury to

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, applyISe mo- That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the coniines to the Cer- arifflbners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the thne being, vices voted by to issue and apply from time to time, all such sums of money as the xoomons.^so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, by

*55

1766.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 7.

the said cashier 6t cashiers, to such service? as shall then hive been voted by the commons of Grtat Britain, in this present fdlxon of parliament.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Contributors Thit in the office of the accomptant general of the governor mcs'^*.to and company of the bank of England for the time being, a book [^office of* or books shall be provided and kept, in which the names of the the accompt-contributora shall be fairly entered; which book or books the ant general of said respective contributors, their respective executors, admini- tbc bank, strators, faccessors, and assigns, shall and may, from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to and mfoeft, without any fee or charge: and that the said accomptant general shall. Duplicate i)n or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred thereof to be and sixty three, transmit an attested duplicate fairly written on r!n?Ttted<i^ paper of the fard book or books, into the office of the auditor |0l?g OffiCeUbr of the receipt of hfe Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for 5 July, i76j/ over.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid^ The monks*That such contributors duly paying the whole firm or sums fob- arising by the fcrrbed, at or before the respective times in this act limited in

that behalf, and their respective executors, administrators, fuc- atedtopa^* cefibrs, and assigns, shall have., receive, and enjoy, and be in- ment or the tided, by virtue of this act, to have, receive, and eh joy, their annuities, proportionable share of the said annuities of three pounds pvr centum per annum, by this act granted, in respect of the firm so subscribed, out of the monies appropriated by this arft for payment thereof, and Stall have good and sure interests and estates therein; subject nevertheWs to redemption as is herein after-mentioned concerning the said annuities* according to the feve-Yal provisions in this act contained; and that all the annuities by this act granted, shall be free from all taxes, charges, and hnpositions, whatsoever.

XXI. Provided always, That in case any such contributors p

who have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to, the not"making1 Caid earthier or caftiiers, any sum or sums of money, at the times, good their and in the manner before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums payment* so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective executory, within the administrators, successors, or assigns, shall not advance and pay forfeit their to the said cashier or caftiiers, the residue of the sum or sums so deposit*. subscribed, at the times, and in the manner before-mentioned.; then, and ineverv such case, so much df the respective sum or sums so subscribed as shall have been actually paid in part thereof, to the said cafliier or caftiiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the ptrblick; and all right and title to the said annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in Tefpeft thereof, shall be extinguished; any thing in this act contained to the contrary threreof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, principaltyrat That as Toon as any contributors, their executors, administra- to t* placed tors, successors, or amgns, shall have compleated their payments credit ^of the whole sum payable by them respectively towards the riv^ontn^*

f^butons

percent.

Accomptant general to

256 Anno primo Georgii III. c. 7. [17604

sum of eleven millions four hundred thousand pounds, the principal sum or sums so by them subscribed and paid respectively* shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, compleating such payments respectively; and the persons to whose credit such prin-The same cipal sums shall be so placed, their respective executors, admini-may be assign- strators, successors, or assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England; and carry an- and such sums shall carry an annuity after the rate of three nukies of jl. pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, and shall be taken and deemed to be (lock transterrable, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption thereof, in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the accomptant general of the bank of England {hztt, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon the payment of

ed^in thecelv" thirty pounds on or before the said twenty eighth day of Febru-tificatofj ary> one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, for every one hundred pounds so subscribed as aforesaid, towards the said sum of eleven millions four hundred thousand pounds, to give credit, in books to be provided for that purpose, to such respective contributors so making such payments, their executors, ad miniftra-tors, successors, and assigns, for the said annuity, after the rate of one pound, two shillings, and six pence, for every one hundred pounds subscribed, add whereof thirty pounds shall have which may be^been paid as aforesaid; and all such annuities shall and may transferred, from thenceforth be, from time to time, assigned and transfer-# red in books to be provided and kept for that purpose by the said accomptant general, separately and distinctly from the other an-Amurities to nuities established by this act; and the said annuities, after the continue to be rate of one pound, two shillings, and six pence, shall continue paid for 99 to be paid out of the fund hereby established* for that purpose for the certain term of ninety nine years, to be computed from the said fifth day of 'January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and at the expiration of such term shall cease and be extinguished.

Deficiencies to X&IV. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, be made good That if at any time or times it shall happen, that the produce of the said duties hereby granted for payment of the said several'annuities, shall not be sufficient to pay and discharge the several and respective annuities, and other charges directed to be paid at the end of any or either of the respective half-yearly days of payment, at which the same are hereby directed to be paid; then, and so osten, and in every such case, such deficiency or deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the monies which at any time or times shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer of the surplusses. excesses, overplus monies, and Other revenues composing the fund commonly called The sinking

years.

out of the sinking fund ;

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. C. 7. 257

fund* (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any former act or acts of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be, from time to time, issued and applied accordingly; and if at any time or times before any monies of the said duties hereby granted shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want of money for paying the several annuities as aforesaid which shall be actually*incurred and grown due at any of the half-yearly days of payment before-mentioned, that then, and in every such case, the money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the monies of the sinking fund (except as before excepted) and beiflued accordingly.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Tobereplaced aforesaid. That whatever monies shall be issued out of the fink- out of the first ing fund, shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of Applies.

the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Surplus mo-aforesaid. That in case there shall be any surplus or remainder of ?iet

the monies arising by the said duties hereby granted, after the

laid several and respective annuities and charges, and all arrears jiameat.

thereof, are satisfied, or money sufficient shall be referyed for that purpose, such overplus or remainder, shall, from time to time, be reserved for the disposition of parliament, and shall not be issued but by the authority of parliament, and as shall be direlied by future alt or acts of parliament; any thing in any former or other alt or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And, for establishing a proper method for drawing Managers and he said lottery, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, directors of That such persons as the of of his Majesty's treafu- the lottery to ry, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall nominate or appoint, shall be managers and direltors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and to oversee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and perform, such other matters and things as are hereafter in and by this act direlted and appointed by such managers and direltors to be done and performed; and that such managers or direltors shall meet together, from time to time, at some publick office or place for the execution of the powers and trusts in them reposed by this act; and that the said managers and direltors, or so Method of the

many of them as shall be present at any such meeting, or the lottery books.

major part of them* shall cause books to be prepared, in which

every leaf shall be divided or distinguished into three columns ;

and upon the innermost of the said three columns there shall be

printed sixty thousand tickets, to be numbered I, II, III, and so

onwards in an arithmetical progression, where the common cx-

cess is to be one, until they rife to and for the number of sixty

thousand; and upon the middle column in every of the said books shall be minted sixty thousand tickets of the same breadth

Anno primo Georgii EH. c. 7. [fcy6o.'

and form, and numbered in like manner; and in the extreme column of the said books there shall be printed a third tank or series of tiokets, ?of*he same number with those of the other two columns; which tickets shall several lv be of an dblong figure, and in the saidbooks shall be joined with oblique lines, ikm-rifhes, or devices, in such manner as the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, shall think most safe and convenient; and thfct every ticket in the third or^extreme column of the said books shall have written or .printed-thereupon (bolides the number of such ticket, and the present year of mur Lord Christ} words to this effect;

THIS ticket will intitle the bearer thereof to six pounds, or to a better thunee, in ajoint Jlociof annuities, afar the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, ircmsferrable at the .bank df England.

Duplicates also of the said tickets to be prepared in books, with two columns, on each of which 4.0, 000 tickets to be punted.

Cashiers to Return the books with the remainder of the tickets.

XXVIII. And it is hereby enacted. That die find managers anddirectors, or so many of them as shall be presentat such meeting or the major part of them then present, shall carefully examine all the said books, with the tickets therein, and take cam that the same be contrived, numbered, and made, accordingtto the true intent and meaning of this act; and shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the same books, and every or any of them, asthey shall be examined, to the said cashier or caftiiers, taking from such calhicror cashiers an acknowledgement in writing, under his or their hand or hands, importing his .or their receipt of such book or books, and so many tickets therein as shall be delivered : to him nr them respectivety; and all and every Inch cathier or cashiers respectively i s an dare hereby dhedted and required, upon his or their receiving <every or any entire sum <df ten pounds, ini full payment of a ticket, from any person or persons contributing or adventuring asafbresaid, to cut out of the said book or books so to be put into his or their custody, through the said oblique lines, fiourithes, or devices, indent-wife, one of the tickets in the hud.extreme columns, which the said cashier or cashiers shall sign with his or their own name or* names $ and he or they shall permit the contributor, if it be desired, to write his or her name or mark on the corcesponding ticket in the same book; and.at the same time theiaid cashier or cafliiers shall deliver to the said contributor the ticbet so cut off, whichiie, (he, or they, -are rto.keep and use for the better ascertainingand securing the interest which he, (he, or they-, his, her, or their executors, edministrators, inccessors, or assigns, shall or may have in the said fund.

XXIX. And be it furtherxnafied by the authority tfbrefaid. That the said cashier arxafhiers, on or hefme the fecund day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixtyone, shall redeliver to the CM managers and directors, at their said office or place of meeting, all theiaid books, and therein11 the txc-1*0$ which die said calhkr or cashiers shall not have cut out and

*7^0*3 Anno primo Georgii III. c. 7.

and delivered so the contributor? a? aforefani; and shall then and there ^Jfodeliver to the said managers and director? a trge and just account in writing under hi? or their hand pr hands, of all sums of money accrued or come to the hands of speh cashier or caftilers, by or for the tickets delivered or to be delivered out pursuant to thi? act, and how the same, pr how much thereof, . rtiall have been aftuajly paid by such cashier pr caffriers into the receipt of the exchequer for the purpose? herein mentioned: ind that the said manager? and directors, pr the major part of them which shall bp present at a meeting a? aforcfaj<£ shall forthwith cause all the tickets of the said oqtergipft column? which shall not have been delivered to the contributors as aforesaid, if any such bp, tQ be delivered into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to be retained and kept as cash, to be issued, fold, and disposed of, for raising money for the purpose?

in this act mentioned, as the commifponers of his Majesty'? treafpry, or the high treaforer fQ.r the time being, (hah judge rfcasonable and fitting.

XXX. A*d b? it further pna&ed. That the said manager? Ticket* of the gnd directors, or the major part of them, which shall be pre- middle co-sent at a meeting gs aforesaid, shall cause all the tickets of the lu?, \s to*

middle column? in the books made out with tluee columns, a? SftenetPmth aforesaid, which shall be delivered back tp them, by or from the (ilk-said ca/hipr or cashier? a? aforesaid, to be carefully rolled pp and9made fest with thread pr fdk i and the said manager? or directors, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall, in their pre- and cut off fence, and in the presence of such contributor? or adventurer? indentwife in-as will be there, cayfe all the said tickets, which are to be so^aj££ the rolled up and made fast as aforesaid, to be cut off indentwife ictt (A) through the said oblique lines, floprifhes, or device?, into a box to be prepared for that purpose, and to be marked with the letter (A) which is presently to be put up into another strong box, and to be locked with seven different locks and keys, to Box to be be kept by as many of the said manager?, and sealed with their locked up and seals, or the fealsof some of them, until the said tickets arq to "* be drawn, as is herein after mentioned; and that the tickets in the first or innenpoft columns of the said books, shall remain (till in the books for difbovering any mistake or fraud (if any such Should happen to beepmmitted) contrary to the true meanr jne of this act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Book* to be That the said manager* and directors, qr the major part q{ them, prepared with which shall be present at any meeting a? aforesaid, shall also pre-c?!U?n b*°£ pjire, or cause to be prepared, other books in whfeh every leaf^ketf shall be divided or distingpilhcd into tw9 cplppms; and ppop to'be printed, the innermost of those two colutpps there (hah be printed (ncty thousand tickets, and upon the OWteripoft 9f the said two column?

there shall be printed (Uty thopfeod tickets, all which shall bp of equal length and breadth, a? near as ippy bp; which twp columns in the said books shall he joined with (pp>* jBoprish or device, through which the putermw tickets may he fqt off in-

S a dentwife j

The number and value of the fortunate tickets.

5001. to the hrft drawn ticket, and 10001. to the last drawn.

*6o Anno primo Georgii III. c. 7. [1760.

dentwife; and that eleven thousand nine hundred and forty five tickets, part of those to be contained in the outermost columns of the books last-mentioned, shall be, and be called the fortunate tickets, to which extraordinary benefits shall belong, as is 1 herein after-mentioned; and the said managers and directors, or the major part of them, or such of them as shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the said fortunate tickets to be written upon, or otherwise expressed, as well in figures as in words at length, in manner following j that is to say, upon two of them severally ten thousand pounds principal money; upon two of them severally five thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of four of them severally, two thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of ten of them severally, one thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of twenty of them severally, five hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of one hundred of them severally, one hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of two hundred and one of them severally, fifty pounds principal money; upon everyone of eleven thousand six hundred and six of them severally, twenty pounds principal money: which principal sums, lo to be written, or otherwise expressed upon the said fortunate tickets, together with five hundred pounds principal money, to be allowed to the owner of the first drawn ticket, and one thousand pounds principal money to the owner of the last drawn ticket, over and above the benefits which may happen to belong to the two last mentioned tickets, and, together with the sum of six pounds to be paid or allowed for and upon each blank or unfortunate ticket of the said lottery, will amount in the whole to the principal sum of six hundred thousand pounds, to be converted into annuities by virtue of this act in respect of Tickets of the the said lottery; and the said managers and directors, or the outermost co- major part of them, who shall be present at a meeting as afore-lumns of the shall cause all the said tickets, contained in the outermost ed book^bc co^umns the said last-mentioned books, to be, in the preroiled up and 'fence of the said managers and directors, or the major part of tied, of them, which shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, and

in the presence of such contributors or adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fattened with thread or fi!k, and carefully cut out indentwife through the said flourish or device, into another box, to be prepared for this purpose, and to be marked with the letter (B), which box shall be put into another strong box, and locked up with seven different locks and keys, to be kept by as many of the said managers, and up and sealed up with their seals, or the seals of some of them, until ' -- these tickets shall also be drawn in the manner and form herein

after mentioned; and that the whole business of rolling up, and cutting off, and putting into the said boxes the said tickets, arid locking up and sealing the said boxes, shall be performed by the said managers and directors, or such of them as aforesaid, before the last six days immediately preceding the day by this act appointed for the drawing the said lottery: and to* the end every '* r perfoji.

and cut out indentwife, into a box marked with the letter (B) Box to be

17S0.] Anno primo Georgii III. C. 7. z6t

person concerned may be well assured that the counterpart of P"W*ck no-the same number with his or her ticket is put into the box ^ven°of times marked with the letter (A) from whence the same may be drawn, putting the and that other matters are done as hereby directed, some publick tickets into notification in print shall be given of the precise time or times the bofces. jof potting the said tickets into the said boxes, to the end that fitch adventurers, as shall be minded to fee the same done, may be present at thi doing thereof.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Lottery to be-That on or before the sixteenth day of November, one thousand gin drawing seven hundred and sixty one, the said managers and directors on 16 Nov. shall cause the said several boxes, with all the tickets therein, i?6lm to be brought into the guildhall of the city of London, so that the same may be there, and placed on a table provided for that purpose, by nine of the clock in the forenoon of the same day, and shall then and there severally attend this service, and cause Method to be the two boxes containing the said tickets, to be severally taken obferyed in out of the other two boxes, in which they shall have been lock- drawmS* cd up; and the tickets or lots in the respective innermost boxes being, in the presence of the said managers and directors, or such of them as shall be then present, and of such adventurers as will be there for the satisfaction of themselves, well (haken and mingled in each box distinctly; some one indifferent and fit person, to be appointed and directed by the said managers, or the major part of them, or such of them as shall be then present, shall take out and draw one ticket from the box where the said numbered tickets shall be as aforesaid put; and one other indifferent and fit person, tar be appointed and directed in like manner, shall take out a ticket or lot from the box where the said eleven thousand nine hundred and forty five fortunate, and forty eight thousand and fifty five blank tickets shall be promis-cuoufly put as aforesaid; and immediately both the tickets so drawn shall be opened, and the number, as well of the fortunate as the blank ticket, shall be named aloud; and if the ticket taken or drawn from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots shall appear to be a blank, then the numbered ticket so drawn with the said blank at the same time drawn, shall both be put upon one file; and if the ticket so drawn or taken from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots shall appear to be one of the fortunate tickets, then the principal sum written upon such fortunate ticket, whatsoever it be, shall be entered by a clerk, which the said managers, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall employ and oversee for this purpose, into % book to be kept for entering the numbers coming up with the said fortunate tickets, and the principal sums whereunto they shall be intitkd respectively, and two of the said managers shall set their names as witnesses to such entries; and the said fortunate and numbered tickets so drawn together, shall be put upon another file; and so the said drawing of the tickets shall continue, 1 by taking one ticket at a time out of each box, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the same, and by entering

After etch day's drawing, the boxes to be locked up and sealed*

Number* of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed. Disputes relating thereto, to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty ot forging tickets or certificates,

felony.

Managers to be sworn.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 7. [1760.

the fortunate lota in such method as is before mentioned, until the whole number of eleven thousand nine hundred and forty five fortunate tickets, and one More for the last drawn aforesaid, shall be completely drawn $ and as the Ame cam* be performed In one day's time, the said managers or directors shall cause the boxes to be locked up and (baled In manner as aforesaid, and adjourn till the next day, and so from day to day, and every day (except Sundays, Cthankfgiviftg and fastdays) and then open the same, and proceed as above, till the said whole number of eleven thousand nine hundred and forty five fortunate tickets, and one more, shall be completely drawn as aforesaid; and afterwards the said riuititofed tickets (0 drawn, with the fortunate tickets drawn against the same, shall be and remain in a strong box locked up at aforesaid, and UflA der the custody of the said managers, until they shall take them out to examine, adjust, and settle the property thereof.

XXIII. And, to the end the fortunate may know, whether absent or present, to what degree they have been so; be it on* acted, That the Aid managers shall, as soon at conveniently may be, after the said drawing is over, cause to be printed and published the number of the tickets drawn against each fortunate ticket, and the principal sum written on the same*, and If any contention or dispute shall arise in the adjusting the property of the said fortunate tickets, the major pan of the said managers agreeing therein, shall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: and if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit any ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, to be made forth by this act, or alter any the numbers thereof, or uttar, vend, barter, or dispose of, or offer to dispose of, any false, altered, forged, or Counterfeit ticket or tickets, cenificate or cenificates, or shall bring any forged or counterfeit ticket or certificate, or any ticket or certificate the number whereof is altered (knowing the same to be such) to the Aid managers, or any of them, or to the cashier or accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being, or to any other person or persons whatsoever, with*fraudulent intention 5 then every such person or persons, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy: and the said managers and directors, or any two or mote of them, are hereby authorized, required, and impowtred, to cause any person or persons bringing or uttering stich forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, as aforesaid, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to his Majesty's gaol of Nnvgati, or to the common gaol of the county or place where such person or persona shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded against for the said felony according to law.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, That every person that shall be appointed as aforesaid to be ft manager and director for putting this act in execution,

1760 Anno primo Georgii III. c.y>

tcurion, before his acting in such commission, shall, take the; oath following j that is to say,

I A. do J\wear, / iw// faithfully execute the trust reposed — .

in me y and that I will not use any indirect art or means, or 1 ^°*permit or direct any person to use any indirect art or means y to ohtaim a prize or fortunate lot* for myjelf or any other person whatsoetuer y and that I will do the utmost of my endeavour to prevent any. undue*or [snifter practice to be done by any person whatsoever y and that I will, to the heft of my judgement, declare to whom any prize\lot* or ticket, of right does belong, according to tie true intent and meaning of the act of parliament made be the frftyear of his Majesty's reign in that behalf.

which said oath shall and may be administered by any two or more of the other managers and directors.

XXXV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful tacalhier, on

and for the said cashier or caQiiers, having given security as afore* receiving the said, at any time or times, before such cashier or cadnees shall have received any book or books from the said managers, coin-^prehending the said (buy thousand tickets as aforesaid, in three'columns as aforesaid, to receive from any person or pet fans who will voluntarily offer, contribute, and advance, the refidu* of any sum of ten pounds, or several Aims of ten pounds upon this a ft as aforesaid, the foms (a offered to be contributed or advanced at one intire payment, or in such proportions and manner as aforesaid, before such cashier or cashiers dull have received such book or books i and the said cafhjes or cashierst0 shall give a note or receipt under his or their hatid or "--set the sum or foms so contributed; and shall be obliged thereby,

and by this act, to give the bearer of every such note or receipt, the a ticket or tickets of the extream column of the three columns j^cry ticifet book or books aforesaid, for every ten pounds so contributed, for every iol. paid, or answered, as soon as be or they shall be enabled there- subscribed. unto, by delivery of any such book or books to him or them from the said managers as aforesaid j any thing herein contained to the contary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided also, That in case any such contributor or contributors adventurer, as aforesaid, who shall have advanced and paid down not making9to such cashier or cashiers, a proportion of his, her, or their good their consideration-money, his, her, or their executors, adtniniftra- payment*

tors, successors, or assigns, do not advance and pay unto such ^lthm /,..*..4 fL., r', .times limited,

cashier or cashiers the remaining part of his, her, or their con- to forfeit thfeU

Adoration-money so to be paid, in full, for such tickets as afore- depositi. said, on or before the times for paying thereof as aforesaid; that then, and in every such case, every such contributor or adventurer shall* forfeit and lose to his Majesty, for the use of the publick, the proportion of his, her, or their purchase-money, which he, (he, or they, shall have so paid down as aforesaid; and in such case no ticket or tickets shall be delivered out by the (did cashier or cashiers* to such contributor or contributors making

264 Anno primo Georgii III. c.y* [17^7#

such default; but the ticket and tickets which Should h*Y* been delivered tb such contributor and contributors, had they paid the full money for the same, shall be returned apd deliver* ed to the said managers and directors by the said cashier or cashiers, together with the other tickets (if any) in the outer-mod column of the book and books nrd herein-mentioned

Managers, &c. to be paid by the of of the treasury out of the lottery money.

Limitation of sale of chances, &c.

penalty.

and directed to be prepared', which shall not have been disposed of to contributors as aforesaid; and such ticket and ticket* upon and for which defaults of payments shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be delivered into the receipt of his Majesty's ex*-chequer, with other the said undisposed tickets (if any) there to be retained and kept as cash, and to be issued, fold, and disposed of, for the purposes and in the manner herein before directed and appointed with respect to the said yndisposed tickets; and the said contributor and contributors making such default, shall not have or receive, or be intitled to have or receive, any: benefit or advantage for or in respect of the money which he, (he, of they, shall have paid, for or towards the purchase of such ticket or tickets; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided also, ' and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of the monies to arise by and out of any of the supplies granted in this session of parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to reward the said managers and directors, and the clerks and officers to be employed by and under them, and any other officers and persons that shall and may be any ways employed in this affair, for their labour and pains, and to discharge such incident expences as shall neeeffarily attend the execution of' this act, in such manner as any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time bein*, shall, from time to time, think fit and reasonable in that behalf; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall fell the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery; or any share or shares of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, for a day, or part of a day, or for a longer time less than the whole time of drawing the lottery then to come; or shall receive any money whatsoever in consideration of the repayment of any sum or sums of money, in case any ticket or tickets in the said lottery shall prove Fortunate; or shall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, either as to the time of such ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether such ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate; and all and every person and persons who shall offend in any of the aforesaid matters, shall forfeit and pay treble the sum and sums of money which shall have been received by such person and persons, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint^ or ipformation, in any of his Majesty's

17^0-1 Anno primo Georgii III. c. 7. 265

courts of record at Wtftmmjler; in which no essoin, pro. tedtion, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall sue for the same; and every such side, wager, or contract, and every agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons fru;g That if any person or persons shall keep any office or offices, or fluucs in tic-Shall print or publish any scheme or proposal, for receiving any k*t* of which sum or sums of money in consideration of any interest to be possessed.a<* granted for the same, in any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, ^whereof such person or persons shall not then be actually pof-fcffed, or in consideration of any sum or sums of money to be repaid in case any ticket, or number of tickets, in the said lottery, which shall not be in the actual possession of such person or pemns, shall prove fortunate or unfortunate; all and every such person and persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wtjl-minster; in which no efioin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall sue for the same; and also shall fuller three months imprisonment without bail or mainprize.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, offences com. That if any offence against this act, or any of the aits of par- mitted in Ire-liament made in this kingdom, for preventing private and un- land against lawful lotteries, shall be committed in Inland, the offender , nV

shall incur the like penalty and punishment to be infiiited in lawful Totte-like manner as if the offence was committed in this kingdom; ries, declared and that such penalties as, by this act, or any of the said aAs, be punish-are direited to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, shall, in case of offences committed against sued in.

this act or any of the said aits in Ireland, be recovered in any of Dublin..his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin.

XLI. And to the end that all and every the* payments, as After the well upon the fortunate as upon the unfortunate tickets, may be ia7ing more easily ascertained, settled, and adjusted, for the persons tkkeM*to who shall be and become intitled thereunto; be it further en- be exchanged aited by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as conveniently for certifi-may be after the drawing of the said lottery shall be completed cate* and ended, all and every the said tickets to be given out as aforesaid, shall be exchanged for certificates to be signed by such of the said managers as shall be appointed for that purpose

XLII. And be it further enailed. That such of the said ma- Managers to nagers as any three or more of the commissioners of the treafu- she^irnefor ry, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall appoint to taking in the t&ke in the said tickets, and deliver out the said certificates for tickets, and fmd in lieu thereof, .shall give timely notice by advcrtisement to defiwring out

* pates; See.

a66 Aimki prima^JwRG*?^ck 7: [1.769.

be printed and pubkfcd in soaont* a* ebay. fbaH t)uok* fit* the days and tittc* i©f uki*g.itt the ki^tkiceU* ^ad deliyemo^ oot the fad ceftiftsates, fot and ii> lieu af the same; and eveqf person's cftrtifkttaiMLl* Bnmbared. in eaurfis, according to their bringing tfceit tidwt* to the managers so to be appointed, . for exchanpng the f*nnto which prutpose, such managers shall

kept*or°en- en!*, r* cause ta be entered, into a bc<4 or book* to be bjf un*gperfcws them kept for that purpose, the name of every perfejn wfco shall names,''1' "1 If1 J r*" r"l

and the num ber of tberr tickets, Sec.

Wing My ticket or tickete to be exchanged for fiscb certificabKqr certificates, and the number or number* of the ticket or tidbgp which shall be so brought by such pea so* or persons, the v*lue in principal money payable thereupon, and the day of the month, and the year of our Lord, when the lame was li> brought, which book and hooks thaH lie open in the offio^to be appointed for taking in the said tickets to be exchanged foe Certificates to certificates, for art persons concerned to peruse; all which be signed, See. certificates shall be figped by the managers lb to be appointed, or the major part of them, and be directed to the accproptapt general or the bank of England for the time being.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by (he authority aforesaid, That the said accomptant general of the bank of England for

Accomptant general to

fheCpVincipa?r* t*mc to whooa the said certificates are to be dwected

sums in the certificates.

Alignments may be made of the said , Anns, See.

U aforesaid, mail, upon receiving and taking in the said certificates, or any of them, give credit to the persons named therein, in a book or books to be by him providedd kept, for the principal sums contained in every such certificate \ and the persons to whole credit such principal sums shall be entered in the said, book Or books, his* her, or their executors, adrnini-strators, succesiora, and, assigns, shall and may have power to assign or transfer the same, or any part, fiiare, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in books to be prepared and kept by the said accomptant general; and the said principal sums so awgned or transferred shall carry the said annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, and (nail be taken and deemed to be stock transferable by virtue of this act, until the redemption thereof to in manner herein after-mentioned; and the said accomptant cancelled "and gene*a| of the bank of England for the time being, is hereby notes to be authorized and directed to cancel and file the certificates, act they shall from time to time be received and taken in by him* and to give the persons bringing in the same a note under his hand, testifying the principal money for which they shall have Credit in the said book or books, by reason or means of the certificates so received, taken in, and cancelled as aforesaid, and of the annuities attending the same.

XLIV. And for the more easy and fun payment of all the annuities eftdblijbtd by this ally be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of Englondy and their successors, shall from time to time, until all the said annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum) (half be redeemed, and until ih$ said annuities after.

she

given in lien thereof.

A chief cashier, and accomptant ge. neral, to be appointed by the bank for paying the annuities'

176a] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 7.67

thereto of One pound, two shilling*, and .six pence, per centurk per Unmtm, for the term of ninety nine years shall be defer min*

*d, appoint and employ one or mote sufficient per Con or per*

(bn* within their office in the city of to be their chief

or first cafhler of cashiers, and ode other (efficient person within

the same office, to be their accomptant general) and that (e

tnuch of the monies by this act appropriated for this purpose, as thi* pin.

shall be sufficient from time to time to anfwCr the said several pose to the

and respective annuities, and other payments herein directed to said cafeur*

be made out of the said monies, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or

ether warrant, to be fried for, had, and obtained, in that be*

half, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in

Ibis aft appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the

said receipt Of exchequer, to the said first or chief caffiicr or

earthier* of the said governor and Company of the bank of England, and their successors, for the time being, by way of imprest, and upon account, for the payment of the said several

and rripedivo annuities, payable (7 virtue of this act; and that who is to ae-

such cashier or cashiers to whom the said money shall, from for the

time to time, be issued, shall, from time to time, without de*

ky> pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts

thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer.

XLV- And be it further enacted by the authority aforefrid, Accomptant That the said accomptant general for the time being shall, from general to extime to time, inspect and examine ail receipts and payments of ar?'ne tb* ro> the said cafriier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, Moments of in order to prevent any firaud, negligence, f>r delay j axld that the caflucr.

all persons who shall be intitlsd to any of the annuities hereby granted, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be deem^'a'per. possessed thereof as of a personal estate, which shall not be de* ronai estate,

fccndtble to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the &c. custom of London, or otherwise j any law, Statute^ or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, TJ* "'°ni'ie* That all the monies to which any person or persons shall be* due to*come entitled by virtue of this act, in respect of any sum ad* 4ny person by vanced or contributed towards the said sum of eleven millions virtue of thit four hundred thousand pounds, on which the said annuities af*&> ter the rate of three pounds per centum per annum Thall be at* tending, and the principal sums to be determined by the draw* i.ng of the said lottery, to be attended with annuities after the like rate, shall be a, dded to the joint frock of annuities transfer* to be made able at the bank of England, into which the several sums carry- part of the ing an interest at the rate of three pounds ptr centum per annum, joint Hock of were, by several acts made in the twenty fifth, twenty eighth, <tnU twenty ninth, thirty second, and thirty third years of the reign consolidattd of his late majesry fang George the Second, converted, and shall by aa*j, it, be deemed part of the ft id joint frock of annuities, fulled ne- }*, & u'ycrtheless to9redemption by parliament in fitch manner, and <^co'* -

Transfer books to be kept by the accomptant general.

Method of transferring Hock.

Annuities de-vifeable by will.

Entry to be made of such elause in the will.

Tanifer not liable to stamp dudes.

Treaftiry to pay all iner-

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 7. [176a.

upon stich notice, asiin the said a&made in the twenty fifth year of his faid4 late Majesty's reign is directed in respectof the fevertl and respftdlive'annuities redeemable by virtue of the said act; and that all and every person And persons, and.corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, (he, or, they, fh*W become ratified as aforesaid* by virtue of this act, fliaU have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint (lock of annuities at the rate aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority a fore- said. That books shall be conftantJy kept by the said accomptant.general for the time being, wherein all assignmentsor transfers of all Turns advanced or contributed towards the said sum of eleven millions four hundred thousand pounds, and also all at-signments or transfers of all sums advanced or contributed towards the said sum of six hundred thousand pounds, shall, at all feaibnable times, be entered and registered; which entry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers; or if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, in wfiting under his or their hand and seal, or hands and Teals, to be attested by two or iriore credible witnesses; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of assigning and thlnsferring the said annuities, or any part therebf, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from the time of giving credit, as aforefatt, for the said annuities, after the rate of one pound, two shillings, and six pence per centum per annum, the said annuities shall be a lep&rate and distinct (lock from the said consolidated joint (lock of annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum \ and separate and distinct books shall be kept for assigning and transferring the said annuities, after the rate of one pound, two shillings, and six pence per centum per annum; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIX. Provided also, That all persons poflefledof any share or interest in either of the said (locks ot annuities, dr any estate or interest therein, may devise the same by will, in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses 5 but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise, till so much of the said will as relates to such share, estate, or interect, in the said docks of annuities, be entered in the said office; and that ia default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interect, in the said docks of annuities, shall'go to the executors, administrators, successors, and alsigns; ai>d that no stamp-duties whatsoever shall, be charged on any of-the said transfers; any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

: ; L. .Provided ; ahvaya, and be it ena&td by the authority afoecfatd^ThatvOut or the monies arising from the contributions

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 7.469

towards raising the said sum of twelve millions, any throe or dent charges more of the commissioners of the treasury* or the high treasurer ending the for the time being, Audi have power to discharge all such inci- °*

dent charges as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonaUe; and and 10 make also to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be thoughtn allowance proper, for the service, pains, and labour, of the said caflaier to thecathier, or cashiers, for receiving, paving, and accounting, for the said ^cndV

contributions; and also shall have power to make out of the

fund hereby established, or out of* the sinking fund, such finv ,

ther allowances as shall be judged reasonable, for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, >

paying, and accounting, for the said annuities payable by vir^ tue of this act 5 and also for the service, pains, and labour, of the said accomptant general, for performing the trust reposed in him by this act; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, to be at the*in respect to the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or 06- disposal of the ficers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use governor and and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their dif- th^banL^ posal only.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by theao- Bank toconti-thority aforesaid. That the said governor and company of the nue acorpo-bank of England, and their successors, notwithstanding the re- ration.idcmption of all or any of their own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establiftnng the same, or any of them, shall continue a deemed, k. corporation for the purposes of this act, till all the annuities, after the rate of thfee pounds per centum per annum by this act granted, shall be redeemable by parliament' as aforesaid, and until the said annuities, after the rate of one pound, two shillings, and six pence per centum per annum, for the said term of ninety nine years, shall be determined; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

LIL And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or No fee for gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of hk Paymc/lt ?f Majesty's subjects, for receiving or paying the said contribution- ullon .monies, or any of them, or for any tallies or receipts concern-- '

ing the same, or for bluing the monies for paying the said several annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any futp great or small, to be made in pursuance of this act, upon pain 4

that any offender or person offending, by taking or demanding any fuen fee, reward, or gratuity, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no d-foin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed..'*1

LIU. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefiu}.

That if any person or persons shall be filed, oooolested, or pro* <

(ecu ted,

zjq Anno primo Georgii III. c.#. £17^0.

fccuted, for any thing done^ bY virtue pr in pursuance of thift Qrwa) jjfsue, act, such perCon pr persons (half and may plead the general lijue, and give this ad\, and the special matter in evidence, in his, her. or their defence or defences; and if afterwards, a verdict shall pa(s for the defendant or defendants^ or the plaintiff pr plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action of a&ionsa or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against hitn* her* pr them, upon' demurrer or-otherwise, then such defendant Pr Treble softs, defendants shall have treble costs awarded tp him, her, or them* against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

cap. vin.

jin afi for the regulation of his marine forces

while

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS j* Te^VJor of this king*

donty and the defence of the possesstons of the crown of Great

Britain, that a body of marine fortes Should be employed in his Ma- jtftfs fleet and naval service^ under the direction of the lord high admiral, or commiflUmers for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain: and whereas the said marine fortes may frequently be quartered on shorey where they will not be subject to the laws relating to the government of his May eftfs forces by sea; yet nevertheless it being requifttey for the retaining of such forces in their duty, that an ex aft djfcipfine be observed\ and that marines whp shall mutiny, or Jlir up Jedition, or mil desert his Majesty's service^ be brought to a more exemplary ana speedy punijnn\ent than the law will allow j be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty4, by and with the advice and consent of the lord? spiritual and tem-

Sral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty h day of Marchf ope thousand fpverj hundred and sixty one? during the }ffty person being entered or in pay as an officer of marines, of^his aftf w^° or b* listed, or in pay as a private man, in any every marine company of marines in his Majesty's service, and on the twenty officer and fifth day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, private man, shall remain in such service, or during the continuance of this OM shore, voluntarily entered, and in pay, as a marine officer

or private man in his Majesty's service, and being ordered or employed in such service, at any time, during the continuance of this act, on shore, in any place within the realm of Great Britain, or in the kingdom of Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's who shall mu- dominions beyond the seas respetftivety, shall begin, excite, tiny ordesert, eause, or join in any mutiny or sedition, in the company tp which he doth or shall belong, or in any other company, troop, pr regiment, either of marine or land forces, in his Majesty's service, or shall pot use his utmost endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the knowledge of any such mutiny, or intended mutiny, shall not without delay give information there-officer, or (half desert his Majesty^ fer-enfered as a pnarine, in any company,

shall

ot to qis commanding orfiftmany vi^. or beingtftuglly

juent,

d by

i9*6o.J Anno primo Georgii III. C. 8.

tell lift hrmfelf in -any other company, troop, or regiment, in his Majesty'a ferviue, without first having a difcftarge in writing from the officer commanding in chief the company in which., .he last served as a marine; or shall be found (leaping upon his f^uod (Laeping post, drKhalil kaire it beforerelieyed; or tell hold enwtfpon-on, orshalld*-dshee with any rebel, or enemy of his Majesty, car give them Art, Ja* post, advice or intelligence of any hind, by any ways crewau, <* 01-Void illegal inany manner <whadherer: ; orteH treat with such rebels or correspond-enemies, or enter into any condition vrith them, without his Ma- ence with the yeft/s licence, nr licences t£ the land high admiral of"*?j* Britain, or of three ar more of the rnmnnilkners for exaenting a*Kr*

die office of lord high admiral of Great Britain Sot the time be* ing; or tedl strike, or use aery violence against his Superior tti- or flwll ftrifce, ficer, bang in the execution of his office; or shall diiphey any ^disobeyl* lawful command of his superior officer; aH and every person and iperfans so offending in any or caber of the matters before- far death, or mentioned, on fhane, in any part of this Kingdom er irxbnd, fact punifa-eraoy of his Majesty's domaaimts beyond the leas, shall suffer ment*. death, or fetch .other punishment as by a onset- martial shall be iaflifted.

1L And lie it further enacted by the authority ffibresaid, That The lord it shall and may, from time to time, during the continuance of hig5' admiral this act, be laadid to and far the said lord high admiral, or three or more of the said commissioners-for executing the said ecu ting that* office of lard high admiral fear the time being, to grant a com- office, may million under his or ebcir respective hand ar hands, to any of- S'?"1 a com* ficer of marines in his Majesty's service^ mot under the degree hoMeentraL of a field officer, far the.holdinga general court-martial at any courts mar-place or places on shore, in this realm or in , or in any tial, &c. of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, in every of which courts-martial all or any off the offences a fore said, and all or any other of the offences hereinafter specified, shall be-tried and proceeded against in such manner as by this act is.dtrefted.

III. And be.it abb enacted. That it shall and may be lawful Courts-mar-to and for such courts-martial respectively, by their sentence or rial mayinflift judgement, to inflict corporal punishment, not extending to life ^jjjjmolt^or or limb, on any marine for immorality; miibebaviour., or neglect immoralities, of duty on shore, in any place or places within this realm or &c.

Ireland, or any of his Majesty's dominions beyond the seas, during the continuance of this act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Lords, of it shall and may be lawfulto and far the said lord high admiral, !h* adm, rjlt^. or three or more of -the of for .executing the said 'm^wticles office of lord high admiral, at any time during the continuance for punish-of this act, lo snake and establHh rules and articles in writing ment of mu-under his or their respective .hand or hands, for the puoiftuneat and.de' of mutiny and detection, immorality, misbehaviour, and neglect lemon,e* Of duty in any of, his Majesty's marine forces while on shore in any part ofthrs tesdna or Ireland, orany of his Majesty'sdomi-nions beyond the ffias, -and for bringing offenders -agaioft the and toooonfti-fame to justice, and to enfcft and oonnitute courts-martial, with tute couru-

power m*rtia|*

2JZ

None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes exprefledtobe lb punishable by this act. General court-martial not to confilt of less than 13, and the presidenttobe a field officer, or officer next in seniority, not under the degree of a captain.

May administer an oath to witnesses.

Officers to be from.

Anno primo Georgii III. c. 8. [1760.

power to try, hear, and determine, any crimes or offences specified in such roles and articles, and intlift punishments by fen* tence or judgement for the same, according to the true mtent and meaning of this act.

V. Provided always, That no person or persons shall be ad* judged to suffer any punishment extending to life or limb, by> the said rules or articles within the kingdom of Great Britavr or Inland, except for such crime or crimes as is or are expressed to be so punishable by this act.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That no general court-martial which shall have power to fit by virtue of this act, shall consist of a less number than thirteen, whereof none to be under the decree of a commission officer of marines; and the president of such court-martial shall not be under the degree of a field officer of marines, unless where such field officer cannot be had; in which case, the marine officer next in seniority to such field officer, not being under the degree of a captain, shall prcfide at such court-martial; and that such court* martial shall have power and authority, and are hereby required to administer an oath to every witneis, in order to the examination or trial of any of the offences that shall come before them.

VII. Provided always, That in all trials of offenders by general courts-martial, to be held by virtue of this act, every ofr ficer present at such trial, before any* proceedings be had there-upon, shall take the following oaths upon the holy evangelists, before the court, and judge advocate, or his deputy (who are hereby authorized to administer the same) in thele words; that is to lay,

The oath. V'O U shall well and truly try and determine according to the evi-A dence which shall be given in the matter new before you, between our sovereign lord tie King's majesty, and the prisoner to be tried: So help you God.

The oath.

I A. B. do /wear. That I will duly administer justice, according to an act of parliament now in force for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on Shore, and according to the rules and articles made in pursuance of the said all of parliament for the punishment of mutiny and desertion, and other crimes therein rtfpettively mentioned, without partiality, fayour, or affelHon; and if any doubt shall arise, which is not explained by the said act of parliament, or the said rules and articles, according to my confdence, the befi of my ttnderstanding, and the custom of war in Hie cases. And I further fiveat. That I will not divulge the sentence of the court until it shall be approved by the lord high admiral, or three or more of the com-tmfjioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great JJri* tam; neither will /, upon any account, at any time whatsoever, difi* close or discover the vote or opinion of any particular member of the court-martial, unless required'to give evidence thereof, as a wttnefi, by a court of justice in a due course of laws

So help me God.

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 8, 273

And so soon as the said oaths shall have been administered to The judge the respeffcive members, the president of the court is hereby au- ^pcate to thorized and required to administer to the judge advocate, or to bc worn* the person officiating as such, an oath in the following words:

IA.B. do /wear. That I will not, upon any account, at any time The oath.

whatsoever, disclose or discover the vote or opinion of any par titular member of the court-martial, unless required to give evidence thereof \ as a witness, by a court of jnjlice in a due course of law:

So help me God.

And no sentence of death shall be given against any offender by ^nfences any such general court martial as aforesaid, unless nine officers officers to"100 present shall concur therein} and if there be more officers pre- concur, See. lent than thirteen, then the judgement shall pass by the concurrence of two thirds of the officers present; and no proceedirg Hours of trial, or trial shall be had upon any offence, but between the hours or eight of the clock in the morning, and three in the afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate example.

VIII. Provided always, That the party tried by any general The party court martial to be held as aforesaid, shall be intitled to a copy tncd*ln of the sentence and proceedings of such couit-martial, upon de- [h/femence mand thereof made by himself, or by any other person or persons and proceed* on his behalf (he or they paying reasonably for the same) at any ing* of the time not sooner than three months after such sentence, whether court-martial, such sentence be approved or not; any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Original projudge advocate, or person officiating as such at any general court codings, &c. martial to be held as aforesaid, do, and he is hereby required Sa?° to^be1*^ totransmit, with as much expedition as the opportunity of time transraitied to and distance of place can admit, the original proceedings and the secretaiy sentence of such court martial to the secretary of the admiralty of the admi-for the time being; which original proceedings and sentence raby>

shall be by him carefully kept and preserved in the office of the admiralty of Great Britain, to the end that the persons intitled thereto may be enabled, upon application to the said office, to obtain copies thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

X. Provided always* and be it hereby declared and enacted, .

That no marine, either officer or private man, being acquitted taorc^c or convicted of any offence at any such court martial as afore- same offence, said, shall be liable to be tried asecond time by the same or any Sentence not other court martial for the same offence; and that no fentencetJ bc r*Vised given by any court martial, and signed by the president thereof, 1

be liable to be revised more than once.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any officer or private Deserters be-man shall desert his Majesty's service in any of his dominions beyond the seas, or elsewhere beyond the seas, and shall escape or inlr#-and come into this realm, or Ireland, before he be tried by a land, court martial for such offence, and shall be apprehended for the

274 Anno primo Georgii III. c. 8. [1760.

same, such officer or private man shall be tried for the same as in the said offence had been committed within this realm.

This act not

XII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained tOCnfmpr any exten<*> or be construed to extend, to exempt any marine, ordhn^r pr<£ eit^er °fficer or private man whatsoever, while on shore, from cess. y P being proceeded against by the ordinary course of law.

Personsac-

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no per-quitted by the son or persons being acquitted or convicted of any capital crimes, (hate may violences, or offences by the^ civil magistrate, shall be liable to only be ca- he punished by a court martial for the same otherwise than by (hiered by a oaftliering.

court martial.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any ftdofcaoital mar*ne non-commission officer, or private man, fhau

crimes, &c. he accufea of any capital crime, or of any violence or offence to be delivered against the person, estate, or property, of any of his Majesty's oyer to the ci- subjects, which is punishable by the known laws of the land; vd magistrate, t^e commancjing officer or officers of every company, or party, is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused person to the civil magistrate; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in the seizing and apprehending such offender, in order to bring him to trial: and if any such commanding officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon application made to him for that purpose, to deliver over any such accused person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in apprehending such offender; every such officer fooffending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace for the county where thefaft is committed, by the oath of two credible witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cafriiered, and shall be uttered disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty service; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify* the same to the next court martial.

XV. And whereas his Majesty hath been graciously pleased> in companion to the difrejfed condition of several widows of officers of the $rmy % who have lost their lives in the service of the late zuary or during the late rebellion, by orders made under his royal Jign manual, to dir eft his commissary general of the mujlers, to allow upon the muster- rolls of all the regiments, troops, and companies, a number off fti-tious names therein mentioned, iustead of private mat, in order to raise and settle a fund for the maintenance of such widows of officers as are or shall be intitled to his royal bounty: therefore for the more effectually fulfilling his Majesty's said gracious intentions, with respect to the allowing of fictitious names upon the muster-rolls of the said marine forces while on (bore, for the purposes aforesaid; be it further enacted and declared by the authority afore-Fiftitious said. That it shall and may be lawful, during the continuance b^SM°'WC<* a<^> to an^or^orc* admiral, or three or

fty'* wderJC"1 roorc said of for executing the said office of

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. C.8* 275

lord high admiral for the tittoe being, by orders in writing un- upon the niu-der his or their respective hand or hands, to direct the person thVmainte-or for the time being authorized to pay the said marine forces, to nance cf Offi. pay over the full pay of suchfiditious private men as shall be allow- cers widow*, ed on the muster-rolls of the said marine forces while on shore not be coii-as aforesaid, to the proper receiver appointed by his Majesty, ^uter* according to such orders and instructions as his Majesty shall be paymater to pleased to make, under his (ign manual, for the purpose afore- pay the full said; and that no allowance of any such fiditious name upon Pay of such any muster-roll of the said marine forces while on shore as ^eiver^ aforesaid, shall be construed to be a false muster 5 any thing m^in this or any former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas there is and may be ouafion for the marching and quartering of the said marine forces in several parts of this kingdom\ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for ^"toquarter and during the continuance of this act, and no longer, in pur- officerelnd' fuance of an order or orders in writing in that behalf, under men in inn*, 'the hand of the said lord high admiral, or under the hands of alehouses, &c. three or more of the of for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, it shall and may be lawful to and for the constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other chief officers and magistrates of cities, towns, and villages, and other places, within England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in their default or absence, for any one justice of the peace inhabiting in or near any such city, town, village, or place, and for no others; and such constables, and other civil magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the marines, both officers and private men in his Majesty's service, in inns, livery (tables, ale-houses, victual-ing-houses, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail to be drank in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging; and 411 houses of persons felling brandy, strong waters, cyder, or metheglin, by retail, to be drank in houses, other than and ex- But in nodi-cept the house or houses of any distiliers, who keep houses or Hillers houset, places of distillipg brandy and strong waters, and the house °f0^opkcep-any shopkeeper, whose principal dealings shall be more in other on'vate homes goods and merchandizes than in brandy and strong waters (so as such distillers and shopkeepers do not permit pr suffer tippling in his or their houses) and in no other, and in no private houses whatsoever, without the consent of the occupier; nor shall any more billets at any time be ordered, than there are effective .marines present to be quartered; and if any constable, tythingman, or such like officer or magistrate as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such officer or private man in any such private house, without the consent of the occupier; in such case, such occupier shall have his or their remedy at law against such magistrate or officer, for the damage that such occupier shall sustain thereby; and if any marine officer shall take upon him to quarter private men otherwise than is limited and allowed by this act, or shall vfe or offer any menace or compuliion to an£*

T 2 may-

276 , Anno primo Georgii III. c. 8* [1760#

Penalty on mayors, constables, or other civil officers before-mentioned, officersquar- tcnjing to jeter and discourage any of them from performing men corurary any Part of their duty hereby required or appointed; such ma-10 this act, kc. rine officer shall, for every such offence (being thereof convicted before any two or more of the next justices of the peace of the county, by the oath of two credible witnesses) be deemed and taken to be ipso fafio cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any military employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter fessionsof the peace of the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial; Persons ag- anj jn cafc any person shall find himself aggrieved, m that such King quarter- constable, 1 tythingman, or headborough, chief officer, or magi-ed on, may strate (such chief officer or magistrate not being a justice of the complain to peace) has quartered or billeted in his house a greater number any justice.8* of marines than he ought to bear in proportion to his neigh-and be rehev- j30urs. an(j ^ajj COmplain thereof to one or more justice or justices of the peace of the division, city, or liberty, where such marines are quartered; or in case such chief officer or magistrate shall be a justice of the peace, then on complaint made to two or more justices of the peace of such division, city, or liberty, such justice or justices respectively shall have, and is or are hereby declared to have power to relieve such person, by ordering / such and so many of the said marines to be removed, and quartered upon such other person or persons, as they shall fee cause; and such other person or persons shall be obliged to receive such marines accordingly.

Officers and

XVII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted. That marinestobe the marjneofficers and private men so quartered and billeted as therates ifere- aforesaid, shall be received and fumithed with diet and small in (Vt for their beer by the owners of the inns, livery stables, ale houses, vic-provisions. tualling-houses, and the houses of fellers of wine by retail, to be drank in their own houses, or places thereunto belonging, and other houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by this act; paying and allowing for the same the several rates herein after mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence money for diet and small beer.

Whatimrho!- XVIII. Provided always, That in case any innholder or

decs may al- other person on whom any non-com million officers or private

!r, ncnSuar- men shall be quartered by virtue of this act (except on a march,

terd on them, , n J .r v ,

in (lead of or employed on recruiting; and likewise except the recruits by

meat. them raised, for the space of seven days at moil, for such non-

commission officers and private men who are recruiting, and recruits by them raised) shall be desirous to furniffi such non-, commission officers or private men with candles, vinegar, and salt, and with either small beer or cyder, not exceeding five pints for each man per diem, gratis, and allow to such non?-commission officers or private men the use of fire, and thenqcessary utensils for dressing and eating their meat, and shall give notice*of such his delire to the commanding officer, and shall furniffi

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 8. 277

and allow the same accordingly; then, and in such case, jhe honcomraiffion officers and private men so quartered shall provide their own victuals; and the officer to whom it belongs to rfeceive, or who shall actually receive the pay and fiibfistence of such non-commission officers and private men, shall pay the several sums herein after mentioned to be payable out of the subsistence money for diet and small beer, to the non-commission officers and private men aforesaid, and not to the innholder or other person on whom such non-commissioners and private men are quartered; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Penalty on

aforesaid, That if any marine officer shall take, or cause to be taking money taken, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any money of any per-t0xcu£c anX son for excusing the quartering of officers or private men, or any quartering?^ of them, in any house allowed by this act, every such officer 1 shall be caftiiered, and be incapable of serving in any military employment whatsoever.

XX. And whereas it may he for the benefit of the service, for the commanding officer to have a power to exchange the billets or quarters of marines, quartered in the same town or place; be it therefore

enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commanding officer Commanding of marines, in any town or place where ffich marine forces 2re eba^mst-^ quartered, shall, and he is hereby declared to have power, from nnesgin Their* time to time, to exchange any marine or marines quartered in quarters, such'town or place, for any other marine or marines quartered in the same town or place, provided the number of men do not exceed the number at that time billeted on such houses respectively, where such men shall be exchanged; and the constables, Constables to tythingmen, headboroughs, and other chief officers and magistrates, of the cities, towns, and villages, or other places where 1 any of the said marine forces shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such men so exchanged accordingly.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No paymaster. That from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand bcc, to make seven hundred and sixty one, no paymaster, or other officer

person whatsoever, shall receive any fees, or make any deduc- or private "

tiens whatsoever out of the pay of any marine, either officer or mens pay.

private man, in his Majesty's service, or from their agents,

which shall grow due from and after the said twenty fifth day of

March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; other than Exceptions.

the usual deductions for cloathine,

and twelve pence in the pound to be disposed of as his Majesty shall think fit, and the one day's pay in the year for the use of the royal hospital at Chelsea, and such other necessary deductions as shall, from time to time, be directed by the said lord high admiral, or three or more of the of for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, by order in writing under his or their respective hand or hands.

XXII. And that the quarters both of the said marine officers and private men, while on shore, as aforesaid, way, during the conti-

hands.

278 Anno primo Georgii III. c. 8. [1760.

nuance of this be duly paid and satisfied, and his Majesty's duties of excise better answered, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. Officers to That from and after the said twenty fifth day of March, one ninkrcpers of t^ou^an^ seven hundred and sixty one, every offieer or other subsistence- person to whom it belongs to receive, or that shall actually re-money in (heir ceive, the payor subsistence money, for one or more particular company or companies of the said marine forces, or otherwise, shall immediately, upon each receipt of every particular sum which shall, from time to time, be paid, returned, or come to his or their hands, on account cf pay or subsistence, give publick notice thereof to all persons keeping inns, or other places where officers or private men are quartered by virtue of this act; and shall also appoint the said innkeepers, and others, to repair to their quarters at such times as they shall appoint, for the distribution and payment of the said payor subsistence money to such officers or private men, which shall be within four days at the farthest after the receipt of the same as aforesaid; and the said innkeepers, and others, shall then and there acquaint such officer or officers with the accounts or debts (if any shall be) between them and the officers and private men foquartered in theirrespective houses; which accounts the said officer or officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the same, before any part of the said pay or subsistence be distributed either to the officers or private men: provided the said accounts exceed not, for one marine commission officer under the degree of a captain, for such officer's diet and small beer, per diem, one shilling; and if such officer shall have a horse or horses, for each such horse or horses, for their hay and straw, per diem, six pence; nor for one private man's diet and small beer, per dnmy four pence; and if any officer or officers as aforesaid, shall not give notice as aforesaid, and shall not immediately, upon producing such account stated, satisfy, content, and pay the same; upon complaint and oath made thereof, by any two witnesses, at the next quarter sessions for the county or city wherein such quarters were (which oath the justices of the peace at such sessions are hereby authorized and required toadminister) thepaymaster or person for the time being authorized to pay the said marine forces is hereby required and authorized (upon certificate of the said justices before whom such oath was made, of the sum due upon such accounts, and the persons to whom the same is owing) to pay and satisfy the said sums out of the arrears due to the said marine officer or officers, upon penalty that such paymasteror person shall forfeit their respective place or places of paymasteror otherwise, and be discharged from holding the same for the future: and in case there shall be no arrears due to the said officer or officers, then the said paymasteror person for the time being authorized to pay the said marine forces, is hereby authorized and required to dedudl the sums he shall pay, pursuant to the certificate of the said justices, out of the next payor subsistence money of the company to which such officer or officers shall belong; and such officer or officers shall, for such their offence, or

for

Rates of subsistence to be p iid to innkeepers, &c. fur marines quarters.

Officers not giving notice of subsistence-money, and paying quarters,

P.ivmasters to lathfy them t uc of the foinpany's luxtpay,

and officer to be cashiered.

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 8. 279

for neglecting to give notice of the receipt of such pay or subsistence money as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipso fatto cashiered. And where it shall happen that the subsistence money due to any marine officer or private man,

shall, by occasion of any accident, not be paid to such officer or private man, or such officer or private man shall negledlto pay the same, so that quarters cannot be, or are not paid, as , this act dirctfs; in every such case it is hereby further enacted. That On moving every such officer shall, before his or their departure out of his from quarters, or their quarters, where such company shall remain for any ^ke uac° time whatsoever, make up the accounts, as this act directs, ^unts^and with every person with whom such company shall have quarter- give certified, and sign a certificate thereof, and give the said certificate, so cates for mo. by him signed, to the party to whom such money is due, with n*y>due> &c* the name of such company to which he or they shall belong; to p

Ihe end the said certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the '{£* ^rmto proper paymaster of the marines, who is hereby required imme- certified for. diately to make payment thereof to the person or persons to whom such money shall be due, to the end the same may be applied to such company, under pain as is before in this act directed for nonpayment of quarters,

XXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it officers, &c. shall and may be lawful to quarter officers and private men of to be quarter-his Majesty's marine forces in Scotland, in such and the like^tht\w$\n" places and houses as officers and private men of the land forces force^the " might have been quartered in by the laws in force in Scotland at union direct. the time of the union; and that the possessors of such houses

shall only be liable to furnish the said marine officers and private men quartered there, as by the said laws in force at the time of the union was provided, with respect to the officers and private men of the land forces; and that no such marine officer shall be obliged to pay for his lodging, where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the suburbs of Edinburgh.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That for the better and more regular provision of carriages for Justices to or-his Majesty's marine forces in their marches, or for their arms, constables clothes, or accoutrements, in England, lVa\ei^ and the town 0^faPesVforCthe* Berwick upon Tweed, all justices of the peace, within their several ^rine forces counties, ridings, divisions, shires, liberties, and precinets, being on their duly required thereunto by the said lord high admiral, or three or march, more of the of for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, by an order in writing under his or their respective hand or hands, shall, as often as such order shall be brought and shewn unto one or more such justices, by the officer or officers of the company or companies of marines so ordered to march, issue out his or their warrant or warrants to the high constables or petty constables of the division, riding, city, liberty, hundred, or precindl, from, through, near, or to which such company or companies.shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such provision for carriages with able men to drive the same, as shall be mentioned in the said warrant.

jjAg Anno primo Georgii III. c. 8. [1760.

rant, allowing them fuffieicnt time to do the same, that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burthen; and in case sufficient carriages cannot be provided within any facia riding, city, liberty, hundred, division, or prerin&; then the next justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, or division, shall, upon such order as aforesaid being brought or Ihewn to one or more of them, by any of the marine officers aforesaid, issue his or their warrantor warrants to the highconstables or petty constables of such next county, riding, liberty, division, or precinct, for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency: and the aforesaid officer or officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid warrant or warrants* from such justice or justices of the peace, is or are to demand the carriage or carriages therein mentioned, of the high constable or petty constable to whom the warrant is direefed, is and are hereby required at the same tine to pay down in hand to the said constable or petty constable, for Rates for car- t^e use of the person who shall provide such carriages and men, nages. the sum of one shilling for every mile any waggon with fire

horses shall travel; and the sum of one shilling for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or four oxen with two horses, shall travel; ?nd the sum of nine pence for every mile any carl with four horses (half travel; and so in proportion for less carriages; for which respective sums so received, the said constablecur petty constable is hereby required to give a receipt in writing to the person or persons paying the same: and such constable or petty LCers?oixhic Constable shall order and appoint such person or persons, having waggonMo" Carriages within their respective liberties, as they shall think pro-r travel more per, to provide and furnish such carriages and men, according than one day's to the warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and journey, &c. furnish the same accordingly: and if any marine officer or officers, for the use of whose company or companies the carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, to travel more than one day's journey, or shall not discharge the same in due time for their return home, or shall suffer any marine or servant (except such as are sick) or any woman to ride in the waggon, wain, cart, or carriage aforesaid, or shall force any constable or petty constable, by threatenings or menacing words, to provide faddle horses for thtmselves or servants, or shall force horses from the owners by themselves, feF-vants, or private men; every such officer, for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds; proof thereof being made upon oath before two of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the same county or riding, who are to certify the same to the proper paymaster of his Majesty's marine forces, who is hereby tequired to pay the aforesaid sum of five pounds accordingly tq the order and appointment under the hands and seals of such justices of the'peace, and is also hereby impowered to dedud the same out of such officer's pay.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any high constable or petty constable shall wilfully neglect or re-neglett.*fuse to execute any such warrant of the said justice or justices of the peace, as shall be directed unto such constable or petty constable

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 8. 2? 1

stable for providing carriages as aforesaid; or if any person or persons, appointed by such constable or petty constable to provide or furnish any carriage and man, shall refuse or negledf to provide the same; or any other person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any act or thing, whereby the execution of any such warrant or warrants shall be hindered or frustrated; every such constable, or other person or persons so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than twenty shillings, to the use of the poor of the parish where any such offence shall be committed: and all and every stich offence and offences shall and may be inquired of, heard, and fully determined, by two of his Majesty's justices of the peace, dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be committed, who have hereby power to cause the said penalty to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner,

XXVI. And whereas the respective sums of money by this act appointed to be paid to the confables by the officers demanding such ferriages, may not9 in many cases, be sufficient to answer the charge and expence of providing the same, whereby the said tonflables may be frequently at great charges9 over and above what is received by themef the said officers9 to the great burthen of the township of which they are respectively conjiables9 or else the persons furnishing such carriages may be grievously oppressed-y to prevent which, and that such overplus charge may be borne by each county or riding, at the general charge of such county or riding, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurer or treasurers of each respective county or riding shall, without fee or reward, pay unto Treasurers of such constable all and every such reasonable sum or sums of the county to money, so by him paid or laid out for such carriages, over and rePa7 above what was or ought to have been paid by the marine offi- extraordinary cer requiring such carriages, out of the publick (lock of such charges.^county or riding, according to such rates, orders, rules, and directions, as the said justices of the peace, in their quarter sessions assembled, within their respective jurisdictions, shall, from time to time, during the continuance of this act, make, direct, and appoint (which orders shall be made without fee or reward) regard being always had to the season of the year, and the length and condition of the roads through which such carriages are to travel.

XXVII. And in case the said publick (lock of the county or riding be not sufficient (over and above the other purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary charge of carnages before -, it is hereby further enacted, That the said justices of the The peace in the general quarter sessions shall have power, from time

to time, to raise monies upon the respective counties or ridings^raised. in such manner as they now raise monies for building or repairing county gaols and bridges, to satisfy the said extraordinary charge of carriages.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That No waggon,

fio waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, impressed by authority of hun-

this weight*

Carriages in Scotland how to be provided

Marines wives, &c. not to be quartered without con-fen t.

Penalty.

Penalty on officers or m* rines destroying the game.

Anno primo Georgii III. c 8. [1760.

this a#, shall be liable or obliged, by virtue bf this act, to carry above twenty hundred weight; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the carriages for the service of the marine forces quartered or marching in Seat- land, shall be provided in like manner, and at the rates, and the furnisher of such carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the law in force in Scotland, at the time of the union, with regard to the furnishing carriages for land forces.

XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer, military or civil, by this adV authorized to quartet marines in any houses hereby appointed for that purpose, shall at any time, during the continuance of this act, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid servants of any officer or marine in any such houses, against the consent of the owners; the party offending, if an officer of the marines, shall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the of for executing the office of lord high admiral, or judge advocate, be ipso facto cashiered; and if a constable, tythingman, or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved twenty shillings, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of the peace, to be levied by warrant of such justice, by distress and sale of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deducting reasonable charge* in taking the same.

XXXI. And for the better preservation of the game, in or near such place, where any officer s or folditrs shall at any time be quartered-, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the said twenty fifth day of March ofte thousand seven hundred and sixty one, any officer or marine shall, without leave of the lord of the manor, under his hand and seal, first had and obtained, take, kill, or destroy, any hare, coney, pheasant, partridge, pigeon, or any other fort of fowls, poultry, or fish, or his Majesty's game, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and upon complaint thereof shall be, upon oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, convicted before any justice or justices of the peace, who is and are hereby impowered and authorized to hear and determine the same; (that is to say) every officer fb offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be distributed among the poor of the place where such offence shall be committed; and every officer commanding in chief upon the place, for every such offence committed by any marine under his command, shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, to be paid and distributed in manner aforesaid: and if, upon conviCtiph made by the justices of the peace, and demand thereof also made by the constable oroverfeers of the poor, such officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within two days pay the said respective penalties, such officer so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit, and is hereby declared to have forfeited, his commission, and his commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

XXXII. And whereas fiperal marines who being duly entered may

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 8. 283

afterwards desert, and be found wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from his Majesty's service \ it is hereby wither enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the confta-/Constabl€t ble, headborough, or tythingman of the town or place, where any person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a deserters, and car-ter, shall be found, to apprehena, or cause him to be appre- ry them before hended, and to cause such person to be brought before any ju- a justice. ftice of the peace, living in or near such town or place, who is hereby impowered and required to examine such suspected person; and if by his confession, or the testimony of one or more witness or witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice of the peace, it shall appear or be found, that such suspected person is a marine duly entered; and ought to be with the company to which he belongs; such justice of the peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or to place wjiere he shall be found; or to the house of correction, commit 1 era* or other publick prison in such town or place where such deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such deserter shall be apprehended within the city of London, or Westminster^ or places adjacent; and transmit an account thereof to the fecre- and transmit tary of the admiralty for the time being, to the end such person a" account to may be proceeded against according to law: and the keeper of ofthcCadmu such gaol, house of correction, or prison, shall receive the full raity. subsistence of every such deserter, during the time he shall con- Gaol keeper tinue in his custody, for the maintenance of such deserter; but r°/rSeive thr shall not be intitled to any fee or reward, on account of the im- defertm^ ° prisonment of such deserter; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And, for the better encouragement of any person or persons to secure or apprehend such deserters; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such justice of the peace shall also Reward for issue his warrant in writing to the collector of collectors of the up de" land tax money of the parish or township where such deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the land tax money , arisen or to arise in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, into the hands of such person or persons who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any such deserter from his Majesty's service, the sum of twenty shillings for every such deserter that shall be so apprehended ana committed; which sum of twenty shillings shall be satisfied by such collector or collectors to whom such warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their account.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall Penalty on harbour, conceal, or assist any deserter from his Majesty's ma - person kcon-rine service, knowing him to be such; the person so offending terrorbu/imr shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds; or their arms,jf any person shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or other- clothes, &c. wife receive, any arms, clotnes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any marine or marine deserter, upon any

account or pretence whatsoever^ or cause the colour of fuen f lothes to be changed; every such person so offending in each,

any,

This act to extend to deft rters, &c. in Ireland.

Continuance of this act.

No volunteer liaWe to process, unless foi some criminal in alter,

Anno primo Georgii III. ct 8. [1760.

any, or either of the cases aforesaid, shall forfeit for every'such offence the sum of five pounds; and upon conviction by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, the said respective penalties of five pounds, and five pounds, shall be levied by warrant under the hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender; one moiety of the said first mentioned penalty of fitfe pounds to be paid to the informer, by whose means such deserter shall be apprehended; and one moiety of the said last mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer; and the residue of the said respective penalties to be paid to the officer to whom any such deserter or marine did or doth belong: and in case any such offender, who shall be convicted, as aforesaid, of harbouring or aflfifting any such deserter or deserters; or having knowingly received any irm$, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King; or of having caused the colour of such clothes to be changed, contrary to the intent of this acV, shall not have sufficient goods and chattels, whereon distress may be made, to the value of the penalties recovered against him for such offence, or shall not pay such penalties within four days after such conviction; then, and in such case, such justice or justices of the peace shall and may, by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, either commit such offender to the r common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of three months, or cause such offender to be publickly whipt, at the drferetion of such justice or justices.

XXXV. Provided always, That so much of this act as relates to the punishment of fuen who shall harbour, conceal, or assist deserters, or shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or otherwise receive, any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any marine or marine deserter, or cause the colour of such clothes to be changed, shall extend, to all ends and purposes whatsoever, to Ireland, and shall be put in execution in that kingdom, by all justices of the peace, and other officers respectively, according to the tenor, and during the continuance of this act.

XXXVl. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, and every thing herein contained, shall be and continue in force from the said twenty fifth day of March3'in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, until the twenty fifth day of Marchy in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

XXXVII. And to prevent, as far as may be^ any unjust or fraudulent arrefls that may be made upon marines, whereby his Majesty and the publick may be deprived of their service; it is hereby further enacSed by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever, who is entered, or shall enter himself as a volunteer in his Majesty's service, as a marine, during the continuance of this a<fr, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service by any -process or execution whatsoever, other than for fpme criminal

i7$o.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 8. aS5

matter, unless for a real debt, cr other just cause of action; and orunle s for unless, before the taking out of such process or execution (not^vVluc^of being for a criminal matter) the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, or0*#va ue 0 some other person or persons on his or their behalf, shall make oath of the -affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the court of re- debt to be cord, or other court, out of which such process or execution made before a shall issue, or before some person authorised to take affidavits in, u such courts, that to his or their knowledge the original sum, justly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs from the defendant*or defendants, in the action or cause of action on which such process shall issue, or the original debt for which such execution shall be issued out, amounts to the value of ten pounds at lead, over and above all costs of suit in the same action, or in any other action on which the same shall be grounded; a memoran-.dum of which oath shall be marked on the back of such process randum or writ; for which memorandum or oath no fee shall betaken: thereof mark-ar.d if any person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary to the ed on the back intent of this act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more judge of the P*ocetej or judges of such court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himself, or by any his superior officer, to examine into the same by the oath of the parties, or otherwise, and by warrant un- otherwise pri^ der his or their hands and seals, to discharge such marine so ar- f" to he rested contrary to the intent of this aift, without paying any fee w\th ctrttL or fees, upon due proof made before him or them, that such marine so arrested, was legally entered as a marine in his Majesty's service, and arrested contrary to the intent of this act, and also to award to the party so complaining, such costs as such judge or judges shall think reasonabler for the recovery whereof, he shall have the like remedy that the person who takes out the said execution might have had for his costs, or the plaintiff in the like action might have had for the recovery of his costs, in case judgement had been given for him with costs against the defendant in the said action.

XXXVITI. And to the end that honest creditors, who aim only at the recovery of their jujl debts due to them from persons entered as marines in his Majesty's service, may not be hindered from suing for the same, but on the contrary may be ajfified and forwarded in their fusts; 'and instead of an arrest, which may at once hurt the Jcrvice, and oc- casion a great expence and delay to tkemselyes, may be enabled to proceed in a more speedy and cheap method; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Plaintiff gi*-plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice first given in writing of the ing notice, cause of action to such person or persons so entered, or left at may^a his or their last place of residence before such entering, to file a peTrTncef^ common appearance in any action to be brought for or upon account of any debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such plaintiff to and proceed proceed therein to judgement and outlawry, and to have an ex- to judgement ccution thereupon, other than against the body or bodies of him an cxccw u>n" or them so entered as aforesaid; this act, or any thing herein, or any former law or ftarute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

quarter ma nnes,

Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering,

and on viCtu-alters refuting to receive marines.

286 Anno primo Georgii III. c.8. [1760.

Penalty on That if any high constable, constable, bedel, or other officer constables, Sec. or person whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this act, shall neglecting to qMarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting, any marine, officers or private men, shall neglect or refuse, for the space of two hours, to quarter or billet such officers or marines when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this act directed, provided sufficient notice be given before the arrival of such forces; or shall receive, demand, contract, or agree for any sum or sums of money, or any reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse any person or persons whatsoever from quartering or receiving into his, her, or their house or houses any such officer or marine; or in case any victualler, or any other person, liable by this act to have any officer or marine billeted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or victual any such officer or marine so quartered or billeted upon him or her as aforesaid; or shall refuse to fur-nifti or allow, according to the directions of this act, the several things herein before respectively directed to be furnished or allowed to non-commission officers and marines so quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, at the rate herein before-mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before any one or^more justice or justices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty, 'within which such offence shall be committed, either by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath the said justice or justices is and arc hereby impowered to administer) every such high constable, constable, bedel, or other officer or person so offending, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, or any sum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor less than fort/ shillings (as the said justice or justices, before whom the matter shall be heard, shall, in his or their discretion, think fit) to be levied bydiftrefs and sale of the goods of the person offending, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of such justice or justices, before whom such offender shall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other constable within the county, city, or liberty, or to any of the over-seers of the poor of the parish where the offender shall dwell; and the said sum of five pounds, or the said sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, when levied, to be paid to the overseers of the poor of the parifil where the offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the use of the poor of such parish.

XL. And, for the better preventing abuses in quartering or billeting the marines, in pursuance of this act; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more justice or justices of the peace, within their respective counties, cities, or liberties, by warrant or order under his or their hand and seal, or handsand seals, atany time or times during the continuance of this act, to require and command any account of the high constable, constable, bedel, or other officer, who shall number of quarter or billet any marine^ in pursuance of this act, to give an

To prevent abuses in quartering justices may order confta bles to give an

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 8. 287

account in writing unto the said justice or justices requiring the officers, and same, of the number of officers and private men who shall be quartered or billetted by them, and also the names of the house- q^ered. keepers or persons upon whom every such officer or private man H shall be quartered or billetted, together with an account of the street or place where every such housekeeper dwells, and the signs, (if any) belonging to their houses; to the end that it may appear to the said justice or justices where such officers and private men are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all abuses in the quartering or billeting of them.

XLI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared by the Clause for re-authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, when and themf'elves?6 as often as any person or persons shall be inlisted as a marine or marines in his Majesty's service, he and they shall, within four days, but not sooner than twenty four hours, after such inlisting respectively, be carried before the next justice of the peace of any county, riding, city, or place, or chief magistrate of any city or town corporate (not being an officer of marines) and before such justice or chief magistrate*, he or they shall be at liberty to declare his or their dissent to such inlisting; and upon such declaration, and returning the inlisting money, and also each person so dissenting paying the sum of twenty shillings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, such person or persons so inlisted shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty, in the presence of such justice or chief magistrate; but if such person or persons shall refuse or neglecft, within the space of twenty four hours, to return and pay such money, as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be inlisted, as if he or they had given his or their assent thereto before the said justice or chief magistrate; or if such person or persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily inlisted himself or themselves, then such ju-slice or chief magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that such person or persons is or are duly inlisted; setting forth the place of the birth, age, and calling of him or them respectively (if known) and that these-cond and third sections or the articles of war for the better government of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore in Great Britain or Ireland, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath of fidelity mentioned in the twelfth fec-tien of the said articles of war; and if any such person or persons, so to be certified as duly inlisted, shall refuse to take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice or chief magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such officer, from whom he has received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such person or persons, until he or they shall take the oath before required; and every officer of marines that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two witnesses before a general court martial to be thereupon calied, shall, for such offence, be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his office, fend'shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or

288 Anno primo GEORGII TIL C. 9# [1760.

military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service.

Marine forces XLIL Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That all. being borne his Majesty's marine forces, as well officers as private men, complement C/lball, "om time to time, during their being respectively borne of any ships as part of the complement of any of his Majesty's ships or veflefs* of war, are be subject or liable in like manner, in all respects, as any officer# liable to be or seamen employed in his Majesty's sea service are subject mil the rulesefta- to governed and proceeded against and punished forof-biifbed by act fences committed by them during the time they shall be borfte as Geo. a. as part of the complement of such ships or vefleis, according to the purport, tenor, effect, and true intent and meaning of an act of parliament made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for amending, explaining, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his Majesty's ships9 vtflels9 and forces by fea\ this present act or any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

CAP. IX.

An act to continue an act made in the sixth year of the rarj* of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America.

Preamble.

Act 6 Geo. 2.

which was continued by several subsequent acts,

further continued to 99 Sept. 1763,

WHEREAS the law herein after-mentioned hath been found useful and beneficial to the public, and is near'exp^btg^at^T fit to be continued; may it therefore please your Majesty/lhar if may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confenrt of thehrtds spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament 1 assembled, and by the authority of the same, That fcn ac^tttttdfe" in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the better securing and encourage !t ing the trade of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, which was*to continue in force for five years, to be computed from the*'twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty three, and to the end of the then next session of frirMa-'ment; and which, by several subsequent'atfts made in: the ' eleventh, nineteenth, twenty (Ixth, twenty ninth, and tMtty*first years of the reign of his said late Majesty, was further coA-l, t tinued until the twenty ninth day of September, one thbuforf i seven hundred and sixty one, shall be, and the same is hereby 1 further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, and from thence to the end of the then next feffldn of 1 parliament.

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c, 10, 11. 289

CAP. X.

An act for extending an act, intituled, An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable on tallow imported from Ireland^ to bogs-lard and grease.

[Preamble, reciting ]

WHEREAS on act made in the thirty ficond year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, ait 1 % An act to discontinue, fora limited time, the duties payable up- Geo*on tallow imported from Ireland, hath been found of great utility and benefit to the publicity and if the same was extended to fogs-lard and grease, would be of further utility may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice ano con fen t of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons. in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited act shall extend, and be recited deemed, construed, and taken to extend to hogs-lard and grease, hog^-U. d during the continuance of the said act. and grease.

CAP. XL

Am aB to enable his Majesty to make leases, and copies of offices, lands* and hereditaments, parcel of his duteby of Cornwall, or annexed to the same*and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS his most excellent Majesty notv stands feijed ^Preamble.

the duteby of Cornwall, end the possessions thereof: and whereas same doubts may arise in relation to ois Majesty s granting leases, and making copies of offices* lands, and hereditaments, parcel of his said duteby, or thereunto annexed or belonging: for obviating whereof, and for the eafc apd quiet of the minds of such perfects as have taken, or shall hereafter take leases from his said

most excellent Majesty: and to the end that such persons may be Aire to have good and indefeazable estates, and be encouraged to lay out monies in building and repairing, or otherwise improving the several lands and tenements to them demised, or to be demised; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with- the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, sod by the authority of the same, That all leases and Leases and grants, made or to be made, by copy of court roll, according £rant* "*de to the custom of the respective manor or manors of the said court miu duteby, or thereunto annexed or belonging; and all leases and or by letters grants, made or to be made within seven years next ensuing, patents or inbyletters patents, or indentures, under the great seal of Great dentures with-

Britatn, or seal of the court of exchequer, or by copy of court rt?

*r .*r rs, - J rj.come, of any

roll, according to the custom of the respective manors, of any offices, Imds,

offices, messuages, parks, lands, tenements, or hereditaments or heredita-

} other than honours, lordships, or manors) parcel of the pof- "I"'1* Parcel efliong of the said dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, of cornwa1^ Voi. XXIII. U shall or annexed

r

ago

thereto, declared to be good against the crown $

so at such leases be not

Anno primo Georgii III. c. u.

shall be good and effectual in law, according to the purporrand contents of the lame copies, leases, and grants, against our 4b-vcreignlord the King, his heirs, and successors, and against sil and every other person or persons, that shall at any time iierfe-after have, inherit, or enjoy the said dutchy by force of uty act of parliament, or by other limitation whatsoever, r

II. Provided always, That every such lease or grant, fotaofle or to be made, be not for more than one, two, or three live*, or

for more than for one and thirty years, or under, or for some tertn of years, 3 lives, or 3r determinable upon one, two, or three lives, and not aoove;

terra*deter- anc*^ca^es or grants he maden fevetfion or txp&Mdf, minable upon that then the same, together with the estatesin possession, do not 3 lives at the exceed three lives, or the term of one and thirty years, . or some most; and if term of years, determinable upon one, two, or three lives, and or reverfon^not m^W|fe raa(*e difpunishable of waste, and so as upon h^xceeding every such lease or grant be, or shall be reserved, the arraerrt 3 lives, or 31 or most usual relit, or more, of such relit as hath been reserved, yielded, or paid, for the same manors, lands, or hereditaments, for the greater part of twenty years next before the making of the said leases; and where no facto relit hath been reserved or

________ payable, that then, upon every such lease there be, or shall be

the usual relit, reserved, a reasonable relit, not being under the twentieth part or.wherethere of the cjear yeatiy valuoof the manors, messuages, parks, lahds, forc.Tnwfon. tythes, tenements, or hereditaments, tomattvcdinffoch IeafeJbr grant; and all leases and grants otherwise made, ertefe tratfe, mall be null and void.

III. And be it further ordained and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all covenants, conditions, reformations, and other agreements, contained in every lease, grant, or copy, of cocrrt roll, made, or to be made as atorefarid, shall be good amFetfec* tual in law, according to the words and contents df the same, as well for and against them to whom the reversions of the same lands, tenements, and hereditaments, shall come, ns fofarid against them to whom the interest of the said leases, grants, for copies, shall come respectively, as if our sovereign lord the King's majesty at the time of making Such covenant*, conditions, and relervations, and other agreements, were foiled of an absolute estate in fee-simple in the lame landv tenements, 'or

R f t* /-hereditaments: saving always, to all and every person andjper-^e^rva lonor fons> bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and foccettbm.

years, and so as the same be not difpunishable of wade} and

able relit be reserved.

The covenants, &c. in such leases or grants deemed good in law.

executors, administrators, and assigns (other than* to outlaid sovereign lord the King, and his heirs and faceetibrs, ah&'tfee duke and dukes of Cornwall for the thne beitig* and hfe and their heirs, and all and every other person dnd persons, that shall hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy, the* fakf dukedom of Cornwall, by force of any a ft of parliament, or othelr dtautatibn whatsoever) all such rights, titles, estates, coftotns, interects, tenures, claims, and demand* whatsoever, of what nature* kind, or quality soever, of, in, to, or out of, the said offices^ lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any of them, as they ter iny of them had, or ought to have had, before the making of this act.

J Anno primo Georgii III. c. tv, 13.'

a A, to srf I intents add |>urpofcs, add in a£ large and ample man-tier add fotnr, as if this act bad never been had or made; this&, or any thing htfrdih contained to the contrary, notwithstanding.

CAP. XII.

An act to indeihnify pertbn's wh6 hatfc omitted to qualify themfefots for office* and employment* j and to indemnify justicCi of the peace, deputy lieutenants, officers of the miJitia, and others, who fiavd omitted to registeror to deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law} and for giving further time for those purposes.

Preamble, rtcitirtg the several qualifying acts of j Geo. i % 13 Car. a. 15 Car, a. 30 Car. % , t8 Geo* 2. joGeo 2. and 31 Geo. 2. Further time to f a Feb. 1762, allotted to persons who have omitted tb qualify tbcmselves. Os the said laws direct. persons qualifying theirifeh^s in manner, and within the time appointed, recapacitated* and indemnified. Ofiices* kc already avoided by judgement of a court* and filled up, confirmed. None indeninided where folal judgement hath been given for the penalty incurred.

CAP. XIII.

Afi et8 id amend tin aft paffid in the eighteenth year of the bttgti if King George the Second, concertiitig the qualification of justices of the peace \ ini for other pi&pofet therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act of patlknhent made in the eighteenth Preamble yettr of his late majesty King George the Second, of glorious citing aft fhetrtoty, intituled, An act to amend and render more effectualGco*an act passed fit the fifth year of his present Majesty's feign, in- tituled. An off foT the further qua location of justices of the peaces it wai enosted, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand flyers hundred and forty six, no person Should be capable of being a justice of the peace, or of ailing as fitch, for any county, riding, of aruifion, within that part of Great Britain called Eng- hmd, or the principality of Wales, who Should not have either in; law or equity, to and for hh own use and benefit, in possession, afreehold, copyhold, or custmary estate for life, or for some greater estate, ir an estate for Jofne long term of years, determinable upon one or more life or lives, or for a certain term, originally created for twenty one years, or more, in lands, tenements, or hereditaments lying of being in that part of Great Britain called England, or the princi+ polity of Wales, of the cleat yearly value of one hundred pounds4 - over and above what Should satisfy and discharge all incumbrances that Ojfeft the fiptte, and over and above all rents and charges, payable out of, ' or in respect of the same, or who Should not be jeifed of, or intitled unto, in lasts dr equity, to and for his own use and benefit, the immediate rtverfion or remainder of and in lands, tenements, or btredxtatnentl, lying or being at aforesaid, which were leased for ones Hot, of tfttte tints, or for any term of years determinable upon the death of me, two, or three lives, upon teferved rents, and which Wert of the clear yearly value of three hundred pounds; and who Should not before he tabes upon bifnfelf io aft at a justice of peace, after the find twenty-fifth day of March, at some general or quarter

2$2 Anno primo Georgii III. c. rg. [1760.

sessions for the county, riding, or division, for which he did* Should intend to act* first take and subscribe the oath in the said act mentioned i which oath so taken and subscribed as aforesaid, Should be kept by the clerk of the peace for the said county* ridings or division, for the time being* among the records of the sessions*for the said county* ridings or division: and it was by the said act further enaftei* That from and after the said twenty fifth day of March, any person who Should aft as a justice of the peace for any county* riding, or division*within that part of Great Britain called England, or the principalityof Wales, without having taken and subscribed the said oath as aforesaid* or without being qualified according to the true intent and meaning of the said act, Should* for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered with full cojts of fuity and applied in the manner in the said act mentioned; and whereas doubts have arisen, whether persons who were justices of the peacg at the time of the demise of his said late majesty King George the Second* and who have been* or shall be conjtituted justices of the peace* by or under any commijhon of the peace granted* or which shall be granted* by his present majesty* can act as justices of the peace* and open and hold any general or quarter session of the peace, before they shall have taken and subscribed the said oath* in manner and at the place as by the said tn part recited act is directed and required* for want of which there may be a failure of the due execution of the laws of this realm: now for clearing such doubts* and preventing any inconveniencies that may arise; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in the

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, "hat all persons who were justices of the peace at the time of Si demise of his said late majesty King George the Second, or

late King, or shall be iufticcs of the peace at the time of the demise of

that! be such his present Majesty, or any of his successors, Kings or Queens atthe demise of this realm, and shall afterwards be appointed justices of the vf iLpreient by any commission granted, or which shall be granted,

and being af- by his said present Majesty, or which, after his demise, shall bd tci ward* m granted by any of his successors, Kings or Queens of this realmjj the commis- and who shall take the oaths of office of a justice of the peace, lion of the for any county, city and county, town and county, ^ riding, fit taketfie paths division, before the clerk of the peace of the respective county, 1 of office, be- pity and county, town and county, riding, or division, for fore the clerk which any such justice or justices or the peace shall act, or Itt-of Pwce* tend to aA, or the deputy of such respective clerk of the peace, shall have*° and who have taken and subscribed at fome general or quarter taken and session of the peace the said oath, by the said herein before in subscribed at part recited act, of the eighteenth year of his said lale Majesty's the quarter reign, directed and required to be there taken and subscribed^ oath required anc* may a<^ as 2 J°ftICC the peace for such comity, city by the recited and county, town and county, riding, or division, without act of is Geo. being obliged to take and subscribe again the said oath, without*incurring any penalty or forfeiture, for the not taking and sub-

jurtfee, w?th* bribing thereof*the said herein before in pait recited act, or out taking "* anX

176b.] Anno pnmo'GEcRGH III. c.

any other ftatiite, law, or usage, to jJie contrary thereof15o any and fub/crib-wife notwithstanding: and that all acts, matters, and things°g again the done or to be done, by all and every such justice and justices, raYd*°re- or by authority derived, or to be derived, from him or them, and all acts asce and shall he deemed and taken to all intents and purposes done by them to be of the same force, effect, and validity, to all intent? and ^be^alid* purposes, as the same respectively would have been, if such per-to c va 1*for\ or persons had taken and subjeribed such oath, by the said herein before in part recited a<^ required to be taken and subscribed, at fomc general or quarter session for such county, city and county, town and county, ridingor division, for which he or they did or Should ad, or intend to ad.

II. And be it further enacted by she authority aforesaid, That Such a* have from and after the passing this act, no person who hath already taken, or shall hereafter take, the oaths usually taken by a ju- gn<jer a WTlt (lice of the peace, under a writ or commission of Dedimus Pole- ot Dedimus Jfatnn> MTued, or which shall be issued from the clerk of the Potcftatcm>*crown, shall be obliged or compellable to sue out or have any ^om^uinz^ other Dedimus Potestatem from the said clerk of the crown to ©ut mothfr authorize any person or persons therein to be named to admi- writ for ad-nifter again to any such justice, on any new commission of the ministering peace being issued under the great seal of Great Britain, for any to them county* city and county, town and county, riding, or division, ^justices i in England or Wales, the oaths usually annexed to mch Dedimus,

and taken by a justice of the peace; but that the clerk of the but upon peace, or his deputy, of every county, city and county, towri every new and county, riding, or division, in England and Wales, for which any such justice of the peace hath already acted and qualified, or oath^anneit-hereaster, before the issuing any such new commission of the*d, is to be peace, shall act and qualify nimfelf as before-mentioned, shall, prepared, on, every such new commission of the peace being issued, prepare*parchment roll, with the oaths annexed to, and usually niSify^hem-takc/i under, the said writ, or commission of Dedimus Potejlatem, (elyes; are to by justices of the peace, ingrafted on such roll, and shall act-subscribe j mimfter, without fee or reward, the oaths in such roll specified to evpry such justice of the peace within the respective counties, cities and counties, towns and counties, ridings, or divisions, for which he shall respectively ad, or intend to ad, and who shall desire to take such oaths \ and that every such justice of an(j the (hid the peace, after the taking the oaths contained in the said roll, rolls are to bf shall subscribe his name on the said parchment roll; and theed* said roll, with the oaths so taken and subscribed, shall be kept J^cordsoftht by the jespective clerks of the peace of the respective counties, fcfljons. cities and counties, towns and counties, ridings and divisions, in Eftgbpd and Wales, for the time being, amongst the records thf^ffions for the said respective counties, cities and counties/towns and counties, ridings and divisions.

5^4 Anno primo Georgii III. p.14, [176a.

CAP. XIV.

fin d£l to (xtend the provijtgqs relating to the holding of courts-martial, anfl to the punishrpent of pffenas commit -ted in the East Indies, contained in the ait made in tki twenty seventh year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled9 An act for punjihiqg mutiny and desertion of officers and soldiers in the service of the united company of merchants of England tracting; to the £<$ Indies, and for the punilbtpcnt of offences committed in the £afi Indies, or at the island of Saint Helena, to the said company's settlement of Fort Marlborough, and to such other principal settlements, wherein the said company may he hereafter impowered to bold courts of judicature.

Preamble, re-

WHEREAS fy an act of parliament pqffid in the twenty fa citing the act Y Y Venth year of the reign of his late mojejly King George the7 Geo. ?. Second, intituled, An ?ft for. pui)i(hing mutiny and desertion of officers and soldiers in the service of t^e united company of.merchants of England trading to th? East Indies, and for tho punishment of offence? , committed in the Jjqjl Indies, or at the island of Saint Helena, it was, amongst other things, enacted, That Us Majesty might grant a cofltmission or warranty tender his royal sign manual unto the court of directors of the fifid united companyx who, by virtue of such commissm or warrant Should have popery uot?

dev the fial of the fad united company, to authorize and impewtr their

president and csuwil for the time being, at their pri/icipql settlements

r effectively, or the major part of them, grid their governor qnd conn* cilfor the time beingy at the said island of Saint Helena, or the major p^rt of them, fam timy to timey to appoint courts-martial, and to authorise dfa iwpoyjer the commander in chief of ffly detachment, of ahy of th/ officers or fakers employed in the fad company's fervid, to appoint courts-martial for the trial of any of the officers or soldiers. under their respefliye commands, in which courts-martial the offences'in the said ail mentioned Jhfifad be tried qnf proceeded against in fab manner as by the said ah is directed; and it js by the fad act provided and enacted, That if Should he lawful for his fiflajesty to farm, make, and eJlabVfa articles of vuar fear the better government of the said united company'I forces, and for bringing offenders against the same to justice, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned: and whereas, after the pqffing QJ the said act, and purfawf to tbf powers therein, his fad late Majesty was graciously pleased to grant a commissviQ or warrant, uyder his royal sign manual, for the purposes in the fad alt erprffed, and also to form, make, and efiabltfh, certain rules end articles of war for the better government of tip officers and soldiers in the service of the fad united company: and whereas his present Majesty hath been lately graciously pleased to grant to the fad company his royal charter for erecting and holding, at the fad company's settlement of Fort Marlborough, near Benco'olen, on the west coafi of the island of Sumatra in the East Indies, courts of jit-

dicatun?

29$

Anno primo Georgii III. c., 14.

cature, as wellftr tivil as criminal caases, and for the

said charter mentioned and expressed: and whereas it will be greatly to the- advantage of the said united company, that their trefuknts and council for the time being^t their said settlement erf F ort Marlborough, and also at any other principal settlement the said company may hereafter be pffejfed of and wherein the said company shall be authorized to hold courts of judicature at herein after-mentioned, Should bo ipt-powered to appoint and bold courU-mprtial, under the like powers and authorities, and in like manner, as the same may be appointed qnd held under the said act at the said company's other principalfettlements in the said act mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's most exceUeitf majjesty, by and with the advice and consent of the tords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That hi*His Majesty Majesty, his heirs, or successors, may, at any time or times here- autho* after, grant a comoriflipn or warrant, commissions or warrants, o^dircdlort to under his or their royal sign manual, unto the court of directors impower the of the said united company for the time being, who, by virtue governor and1 of any such commission or warrant, shall have power, under the council.of. seal of the said united company, to authorize and impower their fetdeme^at

!governor and cofuncil for the time being, at their said principal Fort Marlbo-ettlement of Port Marlborough, or the major part of them, and rough, or else-their governor and council for the time being, at every or any where* "^ere other principal settlement which the said united company shall, cature Si?be at any time or times hereafter have, or be possessed of, within authorized, to the limits of trade granted to the said company, and wherein appointcouro the holding of courts of judicature shall be authorized by any ma*ial for charter or letters patent to be hereafter granted by his Majesty, ofm his heirs, or successors, from time to time, to appoint courts- n martial; and to authorize and impower the comtr.andtr in chief of any detachment of officers or soldiers employed in the said company's service, to appoint courts-martial for the trial of any of the officers or soldiers under their respective commands; in which Courts-martial all the crimes and offences mentioned and specified in the said in part recited act, or in the said rules and articles of war already made, or in any other rules and articles of war to be hereafter made, pursuant to the powers given by the said recited act, committed within the said principal settlement of Port Marlborough* or the districts thereof, or witlr-in any such other principal settlement as aforesaid, shall and may be tried and proceeded against; and the sentences of judgements pa(fcd upon such offenders, executed in such and the like manner, and with the like powers and authorities, under and subject to such and the like restrictions and regulations, and by the same means, methods, and proceedings, manner, and form, as such or the like offences committed in any of the said company's principal settlements in the said act mentioned, may or can be tried and proceeded against by virtue bf the said act and articles of war, or either of them.

U. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Opprefli int, if any of the said united company's presidents, or council, at and other il.

U 4 their l*gal a^a

g6 Anno primo Georgii III.

committed by their laid settlement of Fort Maedbornughf uf crt a*y< cfttotr ftp* orcoundf11^P1* fattement, wherein the faW company tajybe'hetwafter may be en- iippowefcd to hold courts of ju4ic4turt, (huH W^ky^xip* quired into pressing any of his Majesty'e fabjedts bevondthe fes?, vwkbm and punished their reipedtive jurisdictons or commands, orihall bdguiityaf!?c c, oart any other crime or offehce contrary to the laws of that pour of Bench*/or Great Britain Called England, or in force within their roipe&iwe court of com-jurisdictions or commands, such oppression, crimes, and ofiw-Tuiilionert in ces, may be enquired of, heard, and determined, in his Mn-England. jesty's court of King's Bend), within that part of GreatBrkain called England, or before such of, and in 'such county of that part of Great Britain called England, at ftiaH be assigned by his Majesty's commHBon, and by good and^wfol men of the same county; and such punishment ihafrbdinfli&ed on such offenders as are usually inflicted for offences oLthciikc nature committed in that part of Great Britain foriircalted England.

CAP. XV.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant unto George Keith, late eorittia-rifchall, a sum therein limited, out of the principal money and intnreU now remaining due to the public on account of. the purchase mpneyof certain parts of the forfeited estates of the said late ehrl.

Preamble, reciting aft i Geo. i.*Geo. i. and Geo. i* His Majesty, Sec. im powered to grant unto George JKeifch, lafe e^rl njgrifchtil, any fuin not exceeding 3, 618 I. 98. and two twelfths of a penny, with interest for the same, from Whit*Sunday, 1711, out of the pUrctnrfe mo* ney and interest due to the public for certain parts of his estaterr ^he Brine to be settled by the court of Exchequer in Scotland. The money and interest granted to vest in the grantees named in the letters patent v. wpd after payment thereof, the said parts of the estate are dischargea from all claim thereon. Beneficial interpretation of this act. Reservatibn of rights.

CAP. XVI.

An act to continue the duties for encouragement of ibg ceith age of money.

May it please your most excellent Majesty;

Preamble, re.

WHEREAS by an act made in the eighteenth year oLthe cit, n8 fe- v*reign of King Charles the Second, and continued, with same iiTcar. a additions, by an act made in the twenty fifth year of his reign* both5 Car. % i which acts were revived, and further continued, by an act Made in 1 Jac. % . the first year of the reign of King James the Second, and.farther

4 w. &M. continued by several subsequent acts made in the fourth year, of the 12& 13 W. 3. r£i£n of King William and Queen Mary, and tu the twefxhnand'3 thirteenth year of the reign of King William the third, certain rotes and duties were imposed on all wines, vinegar, cyder, and beer^end elfo on all brandy wines and firong waters, imported pr brought into the port of London, or into any other ports, creeks, or places, wkfcin the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, the said several rates and duties to be applieduo- wards defraying the charge of the coinage of gold and fiber metnes in the mints of England: and whereas after the union of the two

*97

tj&K] Anno primo Georgii III. a

kingdoms ^England and Scotland^, An act was made in the seventh year of the nign of <jhmt Am*, whereby ibe like, rates and duties 7 Ann*, veer e granted and made payable far the like purpefes, and for the term therein mentioned, on all wines* vinegar, cyder, for, tovdf tvtnttand firing waters* imported into Great Britain; and the fold uBvmadein the eighteenth and twenty fifth years xf the reign of King Chnricnthe8ecend, and also An act made in the fourth year of Ann*, the reign of Hpueen Anne, and every claufoi article, and fentenu, in the said aBs* or am of them, contained, were revived, and further eontinuei, form additional proxiifions, for the service of the

mints in England and Scotland respectively: and whereas by an act made, in the first year of the reign of King George the First, the 1 Geo. 1. find several rates and duties, and all the Jdid former aBs, and all other aBs of parliament concerning coinage then being in force, were revived and continued for the further term therein mentioned j and a provision was thereby made for supplying any deficiency of the revenue Jettmd for the encouragement of the coinage: and whereas the fond several rates and dvties9 and all the said acts concerning coinage % were, with a like provision for supplying any deficiency of the [aid revenue y further continued by several jubfoquent aBs made in the ninth year of the reign of King George the First, and in the fourth year9 Geo. 1. of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second: and where- 4 Geo*as by An act made in the math year of the reign of his said late ma-9 Geo. % . fifty King George the Second, the said duties on brandy wines and firong waters, were united to the aggregate fundy and f ill continue.part thereof: and whereas by An act made in the twelfth year of the i* Geo. a.

reign of his fond late majesty King George the Second, and also by one other aB made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his fold late t9 <3*0.1. Majesty, fitch only of the said rates and duties so granted by the said aB made in the eighteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, as were thereby charged on the importation of wines, vinegar, fyder, and beer, and all the said former aBs, and all other aBs of parliament concerning coinage, then being in force, and the same provision for supplying any deficiency of the said revenue, were further continued, and, by An act made in the twenty seventh year of the % 7 Geo.. reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, have conti-v puanee for the space of seven years from the first day of March, one i thousand seven hundred and fifty four, and until the end of the first foeffton ef parliament then next following, and no longer: and whereas

great benefit hath orifen from the encouragement of coinage given by

the said aBs, and it is therefore expedient that an adequate revenue pi settled and continued for the like purposes: we, your Majesty's mo# dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do give and grant unto your Majesty

' the rates, duties, and impositions, herein after-mentioned, for and during the term herein after-expressed; and do humbly pray* that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's

most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Coinage do-such and the* like rates* duties, and imposition*, as by the said

1, 1 a. continued

*9$ Anno primo Georgii III. Wty* £17644

for 7 years, act of the eightefchth year of therellgr^o^ King Chart# th+fim^ from rMarch, concj were granted, and, by the fdtSfhM^uent acts^ wtftf-stow^ 17*tinued, for and upon the importation of wines, vinegar; Cjr^tay

*md beer, during the respective term* tfverew mentioned, (keif' be further continued, and be paid aodpoyabte to'his Mfcjoftyv hh heirs, and successors, for aftd upon altwinesv vinegar; cyder; and beer, which shall be imported or hrOught intoOw^ flri-kttn> within or during the space of'seven years, to commence' from the first day of March, one thousand fevon hondred and sixty one, and imtil the end of the flrfb feffiorv of parliament The recited, ^en next following, and no longer; and that alt* the fa4d for* concerning § mcr a<^s> an(*^other acts of parliament cebccrning coinage, coinage, to be and every of them, and every clauses article, and fcntonct'in in force, dur- them, or any of them, contained, now beingin force, thdftev ing the said and are, by virtue of this act, continued, and fhatt b* in foflrtfb, term' and be duly put in execution, for and during att foeft fimab

and term as are before-mentioned, as filfty and effi^udily* as if the same were particularly repeated and'r*-6na&ed intfce-hbdjr of this present a<$h

II. jfnd, to the end the importers of gold and fiber into the mints of England and Scotland respecttvcly', may not be difioumgod bye any deficiency of the revenue by this act settled for defraying the coin- age thereof\ oe it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, Treasuryim- That it shall and may be lawful to< and for the c&mrfcHfibnerai ShTwhai°^treasury, or any ^ree or more of them now being, oc monies shall the high treauTurer, or any three or more of the commissionera he necessary of the treasury for the time being, and he or they is or are fordefraying hereby impowered and directed, out of the monies anting Ky KS ">*- or out of any other puhWck supplies granted, or to be in England* granted, by parliament, to cause so much money to be applied and Scotland! as shall be necessary for defraying the expeoces of thb said'mbits of England and Scotland respectively, by way of imprest and foas, together upon account for that service, so as the same, together with althdufieC°inhe coinage duties arifine by this&y do not exceed, in any noTto^xceed one year* ^ura of fifteen thousand pounds, and fe as the 15, 000!.in any said monies be issued out of the exchequer of Great Britain to year, &c. the master of the mint in England, and to the masteroftbemint in Scotland respectively, for the said purposes.

CAP. XVII.

An act for relief of insolvent debtors.

Preamble. Alphabetical lists to be made out of prisoners in custody for debt on5 October, 1760, or since than; with tot time when charged, and at whose suit: the same to be delivered in to the quarter Mions* The warden of the Fleet, and marshal of the King's Beach prison, tp take the appointed oath on delivering in their lifts. Other gaolers to take the appointed oath on delivering in their lifts. The oaths to be admU niftered by the joftices in court, and entered and fttbscribed at the hot* tom of each lift. Lift to he kept by the clerk of the peace. Copieref the lifts to be delivered in to be fix'd up in thejprisons, and on the gates thereof. Persons inserted in the lifts being prisoners, without a fraudulent intention, on 15 October, 1760, conforming to the regulations of this*#, shall be discharged. Ppfoners in custody at tbctime of paiaag

17^0.] Anno ptfmo Gfoaoii in e.

this act, nh$ vert arrested for debt on or before % $ October, 1760, Mid ht^d to ba^U and rendered themfclv*, ice. on or before8 Nov. 17^ on conforming to the regulations of this act, shall be discharged. Justices, Upon the petition of the prisoner, and hi* delivering a schedule of hit estate, jure to issue their wvrapt for bringing the prisoner to the ouarter idfions, &c. with the warrant of detainer and copy of the writ, dec. Gaoler, dec. to obey such warrant* Schedule of the prifaner's estate to be transmitted to the clerk of the peace, for the inflection of the creditors* Prisoner* intending to petition for their discharge, are to give previous notice thereof thrice in the Gazette, and other news papers. Contents of the notice. a d. each time* and no more, to be paid for inferring fiioh notices, f irft notice to be infeffed 30 days, and the la ft to days before the quarter fftpons, Scc. Prisoner being brought into court, due publication of the notices required being proved, &c. ia to deliver in a schedule of his estate, debts, and creditors. Prifojier's oath on delivering in the said schedule. Schedule and oath to be subscribed in the court; and lodged with the derk of the peace, for the examination of the creditors. Cqurt, if required by the creditor, may admijutfler an oath to the gaoler, or any other person, touching any of the matters prescribed to be sworn to The prisoner's oath not being di(proved, the court is to discharge biip; upon paying a fee of is. to the gaoler. Gaoler indemnified ror the efeape, Estate and effects of the prisoner, upon his dsfckafge, to vest pi the clerk of the peace, who is to make oyer the same to the afligpees garped by cqurt, for which he is to be paid as. and no more. Assigncee

iimjowyred to sue, and execute any trust or power in the prisoner'* bo-bjuf; and give difebarges. They to get an, with all speed, the estate

gl effects of the prisoneft and make fate, within two months, of pri-er> real estate, in manner agreed upon at a meeting of the creditors fummoxjed for that purpose; and make a dividend within three months 5 first making up their accounts, apd verifying the same upon oath. Thirty.days notice to bp given of making any dividends, and none to receive

Ky ftmf tbeteqf but such as shall prove their debts. Debts entered, to e^pjjined into and determined by the court. Surplus of the prisoner's eltate, $fter fatUfying ail claims thereon, to go to the prisoner. No iuit in equity to be commenced, but by consent of the majority in value of the creafeots* Clerk of the peace to exhibit to the creditor, or his attorney, upon payment of is. the schedule of the prisoner's estate and effectfe At rafted copy thereof to be granted; which shall bcevideace in all courts. Cleric of ^he peace refufuag to product such schedule, or to deliver a copy thereof, or taking exorbitant fees for the same, forfeits 10 L and jpreble costs; one moiety to the prolocutor, and the other to the poor of the parish. Ashgneee of copyhold and customary estate* to com*-pound with the lord of the manor, and to be admitted tenants thereupon. The prisoner's, &c. right and interest only to be atfefted by this sift. Effects on the premule*, where relit is due, are to be transferred to the landlord, and not made over to the assignees; unless they shall agree to ferisfy the landlord* Act 8 Anne. All mortgages, jstatutet, cecogoiaapees, and judgements, are to take place, preferable to plaimA of pp inferior nature Power in the prisoner of leafing lands, too* tp vest in the assignees. The lifting gaoler at the rime of delivering the lifts, only liable to be sworn. Court, if required by a creditor, opposing the prisoner's discharge, is to administer the appointed oath to the gaoler. The oath. If such person shall not have been the gaoler on5 Oft* info, &c. then the appointed oath is to be admin iltcred to him'. The oath- Court, if required by a creditor, may summon the person whp acted '5 gaoler on 25 Oft. 1760, or since, and examine him touching -the commitment and continuance in custody of the prisoner. Gaoler disobeying the warrant, or order of the court, &c. forfeits 1001. with tasbfecoft*. Debtors who were beyond the feat on 15 Oft 1760, furren-dering themfclv.cs, may take the benefit of this act, upon the lame terms ias other prisoner* j. excepting such particulars wherein the cases of both dirter. Fugitive's oath. Gaoler and printer of the Gazette, or other pews paper, not complying with the regulation*in this act, forfeit took \o the prisoners with treble costs of suit.' Gaoler, cvnvifted of perjury,

*97 Anno primo Georgii III. C. 17. [1760.

forfeit! 5O0I. with full colts of- suit, Sec. One moiety to go to the in-, former, and the other towards satisfying the debt! of the creditors* Clerk of the peace refuting the prisoner a copy of his discharge, or taking exorbitant fees for the same, or for aligning over the prisoner's tftats and efte&s, forfeits aol. to the prisoner. Prisoner convicted of perjury* to suffer as a felon. Persons discharged by this act, not liable to arretk. for debts. Sec, contracted before 15 OCb 1760.. Justices, (he riffs, and gaolers may plead this act to any attion of escape, or suit brought them, and recover, treble costs. Persons discharged may plead general tyv Sec, to all aCfions or judgements brought against them before 15 Oct. 1760, See. and in other (uits, may plead in discharge of their persons from execution. Plaintiff may reply generally. Sec. but if nonsuited, il to pay treble coffs Bankrupts not obtaining their certificates in doe time, excluded from the benefit of this act. Attormes embezz, ing* doc. clients money or effcCls, excluded the benefit of this act. Gaoler to permit the speaking m private to prisoners, whose names are inserted xn rh^ lift, or iiizette, Sect and the examining the original books of entries^ ire* on penalty of 401. wkh costs of suit. Prisoner s future estate and jefTeCfcs^ otwiehftandklg his personal discharge, liable to creditors. Wearing apparel, bedding, and working tools, &c. not exceeding iol, value, except ed. Creditor may sue for the recovery ot debt due at the time of prifeoer's discharge, but not hold the prisoner to sperial bail, nor take nis person, wearing apparel, bedding, or tools, in judgement j and ndf advantage is to be taken of the cause of aCrion not accruing witfun threq years, nor of the Statute of limitation. Exception. Discharge of prf^ loner noaoquittal to the copartner or sureties. Gaoler making false entries in the prison book or lifts, forfeits 5001/with treble costs, ovelr intf above all other penalties for fitch fraud. Prisoner refuting to declare the abode. Sec. of the person at whose suit he is detained, or to come bo "the creditor in the lodge, is excluded the benefit of this act. Juftfces fot Com* York and Lincoln, to meet at the county gaols. See. for discharge of prisoners. Those who are prisoners for their fees, or other demands of the gaoler or officer, to be discharged. Debtors to the crown, and prp* foners who owe above 10001. to one person, unless the creditors con fen t, are excluded the benefit of this act. Creditor oppoting prisoner's discharge, to allow him 3s. 6d. per week. On nonpayment prisoner tobe discharged. Dischartes to be obtained by 31 March, 1763. Persons seized of an estate tail, claiming the benefit of this actr are to deliver auo the same to thecreditors. Assignees may apply for further examination ot prisoner, touching the discovery of his effects. Sec. and justices may ferid for and examine the prisoner accordingly. Prisoner refuting to appeal or to answer upon oath, may be commited. sol. per cent, allowed oil difcpvering within twelve months, any part of the prisoner's estate, not returned in the schedule.^ Discharge obtained fraudu!ent!y, void. Crij ditor may compel any prisoner, charged in execution, to appear at foe quarter sessions, with the copy of his detainer, and deliver m a fi&afote of his estate. Prisoner subscribing the schedule, and making a difcoVe^j of his estate, is to be discharged. On his refusal lb to do, or conceding to the amount of aol. Sec. be is to suffer as a felon. Wherr'prifohef t* to be compelied, notice is to be given in the Gazette, Stc. that other ert-dieon may Come in After assignees shall be chosen, the estate and tf-fotHofthe prisoner are to be sold with aH speed, and Attribution hiadfc among the creditors. Disputes touching any debt to be determined by the court 3 and surplus monies to be paidover to the prisoner. Odth tow made by prisoner compelled to deliver up his estate and efte&s j tie is & able also to undergo further examination for discovery of Ml tffk&t on the application of the assignees, and on itfufal may be committed; Persons concealing any estate or effects of the prisoner forfeit ?ooL and doable value, with treble costs of suit. Assignees, with consent of the majority in value of the creditors, may compound for debts due to the prisoner's estate $ and may fiibmit any dispute relating thereto to arbi-{ration, of ©therwife may settle and agree the same as they shall thing fit. Affiances may be petitioned against, for insufficfency, fraud, xjdfinanage-

W*U

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 18, 19.

nient, or other misbehaviour; the court thereupon is to summon fhc parties, and make such orders therein ns they shall think fit. where mutual credit has been given, the balance to be dated and allowed. Those who are prisoners upon proceis out of courts of confidence to have the benefit of this act. Quaker's affirmation to be taken in lieu of an oath. Persons who took the benefit of the ad8 Geo. 1. excluded. Mariners, and those who have bten in the ft a or land service, are, upon their discharge, if under <0 years of age, and approved of, to serve during the present war; and if they desert. Sec, they are liable to arrest and imprl-mnent, at iuit of their creditors. This act not to extend to Scotland.v

CAP. XVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund, and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

Preamble. 1, 761, 4.00!. out of the sinking fund, and 88, 667 L 10s. re* rtiaining in the exchequer, part of 90, 000!. granted to hisJatetMajesty On account of the militia; granted to his present Majesty, for the service of the year 1761. Clause of loan. Tallies of loan to be struck. See* Orders registered and paid in course. No fee for registering, Uc. Pe* nalty for undue preference. No undue preference, where tallies aredat* ed or brought the same day; nor if subsequent orders be paid, before such as were not demanded in corn fe. Orders assignable. Coimniffion-trs of the treasury impowered to prepare any number of new exchequer bills, containing one common sum, or different sums, in the principal monies. Clauds in the land tax aft relating to exchequer bills, extend* td to this. Bills discharged to be cancelled. The bank impowered to advance on the said credit of loan, any sum or sums not exceeding 1, 761, 4.001. the act of 5 and 6 W. Sc M. notwithstanding.

CAP. XIX.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for exempting any annuities or lums of money granted or to be granted to the royal faou* ly, from payment of taxes.

Preamble. Credit ofloan granted to his Majesty for i*oooo^oqL Treasury may raise the lame by loans or exchequer bilis, in like manner as is prescribed by the land tax act of this session, concerning loans or txche* ques hills thereby to be made out. The ciaules, Scc. in the said act relating to the loan* or exchequer bills, extended to the loans and exchequer" bins to b? made forth in pursuance of this ail j principal and Miter?#, with the charges attending, to be paid out of the next supplies, and if none sufficient be granted before 5 July, 176s, then they are to be paid out of (be sinking fund; and the monies fi> iihicd to be replaced out of the, fir# supplies. The bank impowered toadvance on the said credit of loan*any Aim or sums not.exceeding 1, 000, ooool. the act ot 5 & 6 W. Sc M. netwitU* {landing. Appropriation of the supplies in general. The monies aiifing by the land tax, malt aft, lottery aft, and sinking fund, with the sum of 88, 6571. 1 os. remaining in the exchequer, of the money granted iivthq year 1759, towards pay and cloatbing for the militia. See. and the further Aim of r, 000, ooool. granted by this act. Viz. Out of the aids io geoersh 3^, 598, 6141. 7$. iod. towards naval services herein specified* 7, i3oh t*s-syards finishing the hospital at Haller near Golport. 10, ooool. towardali-hiflnng the hospital near Plymouth. 479, 0351. tys. xd. for chiPgft ef iranfport service. 718, 7161.13s 1 id. for charge of the office of ordnance for lapd service. 8, 415, 1931. is 4<L iq. towards the land/for<*ingeoo* ral; of which, 1, 576, 985b 10s. 7d. for charge of 64, 074 tifeftive nsen*ia-eluding, tholf in Germany, See. 843, 756!. its. pd. for guard* and £txri* fons. See, in the plantations, Gibraltar, See. 02, 179!. for charge of thee* regiments of foot on the Into eilabliffiment fexving in North AMfkA; ..*

Anno primo Georgii III. C* t§*f l^6d.

72, 896 k (48. id. fofbay of the t^hehd and g*W£r*l ft&ffolfft^, mid Wifi* cers of the hospitals for the land fofees. Wb^cSl. tys. ^d. so^ charge of 'thfc embodied militia in South Britain; and the fencibfe mfcn Shire j and a battalion of highlander* id North Britain 5 with the additional funi of 493, 66$!. 98. tod. for the said purposes, to4 Det. i76f. c6, ^ll.58. id. upon atcdUirt, for clbathihg the ethbodied militia Fof 176*. 21, 3611. in 8d. for charge of the difference between the pay of Anffc-W-ther's regiment on the British establifirnient, and the fufti paid by Ireland $ and of augmentations to the forces since the estimates for 1761 #ete deH-vered ih. yo.ooool. dpoti account, for pay add doathtng of the militia when unembodied for 1 year, from 45 March, 1761. 34, 844!. 9s. ad. to

the reduced officers of the land forces and marines. 1, 9731. ios. ad* allowances to the officers ahd private gentlemen of the two trodjMrojF bone guards, and regiment Of hone reduced* and superinhuUted gtnttemeiV of the four troopi of horst guards. 1, 9111. for pertfion* to the widows of officers, who died on half pay. 18, 3601 is. ird. for out pensionfcrtofOTel-fta bofpitak 463, 874!. 19s. id. it), for charge of the troops of Hanover* Wolfenbuttle, Saxe Gotha* and count Buckeburgg, to 14 Dec. 1761 § to be issued 2 months in advance: the troops to be muttered by an Tngfiih commifiary. 168, 3601. 8s. 8d. for chaige of the troops of Hesse CafTH, to 24 Dec. 1761, together with the subsidy for the said time. 1473071!. 5s. id* for charge of an additional corps of troops of Hesse Call'd, to 31 Dec. 1761. 57, 7981.16s. forchargeof the troopsof the duke ofBrunswick, to Dec. 1761, together with the subsidy for the said time. 2, 569k ios. to rafcke good the deficiency of the Aim voted the lait session for the said troops. 25, 504!. 6s. 8d. for charges of 5 battalions serving with his Majesty'e army in Germany* to 24 Dec. 1761. 1, 167, 9031. 12s. od. for extraordinary expeaces of land forces, and other services incurred in 1760, not provided for by parliament. z, oooo, ooool. towards the charge of forage, bread; and other contingencies, for the army under Prince Ferdinand 993, 844!.: fU 4-d. 3q. for extraordinary expences of the land forces, and other services incurred in 1760, not provided for. 136, 479!. 148. id.q. for extraordinary expences of bread, forage, &c. fumiflied by the chancery of Hano-Ver in 1757 8, to theHeflian and Prussian forces in Germany, riot provided for. 670, 000!. to the King of Prussia, puffuant to treaty. i20, ooool. to the landgrave of Hesse CaUeb pursuant to treaty. i, oooo, ooel. to discharge the like Aim borrowed, pursuant to a vote of ctedit of tbfe last feften. i, oooo, ooool. upon account, to defray any extraordinary expences of the War which may be incurred in 1761. 1, 500, 0001. to discharge the exchequer bills issued, by an ait of the lait session, towards paying off the navy debt* io, 59fl. its. 9d. for supplies of the colony of Nova Scotia for 1761. 4*057!. tot. for charge of the civil eftabtiQiment of Georgia, ' to 14 June', 1761. s 00, 000k as a compensation to the provinces in North America, for expences incurred in levying, &c, troops there. 10, 000l. to the Ef£t India company, towards defraying their military expences. 15, 000k towards repairing London Bridge. 44, 197k 10s. to the foundling hofpifel, for maintaining the children admitted on or before 15 March, 1769, the same to be issued without fee. 13, 000!. for supporting the British forts jn Africa. 49, 424!. to replace to the sinking fund the like sum paid thereout for deficiency of the malt tax for 1760. 71, 01 il. 6s. nd. to replace to the sinking fund the like sum paid thefeout for deficiency of the duties on offices, pensions, and houses, See. for 1760. 5, 969k i*. 9d. aq. to replace to the sinking fond the like Aim paid thereout for deficiency of the subsidy of poundage on goods imported. 89, 510!. tss. nd. to make good the deficiency of the grants for 1760. 38, 5531. 12s. id. 3q, for discharging the claims on the Lovat eft ate. These aids to be applied to no other uses. Rules to be observpd in the application of the half pay. Clause in sttk 32 Gee. 2. Application of the savings of the said sum ol 35, 651k 9s, granted the lait session towards half pay. The sum Of 38, 553k 12s. id. 20. appropriated for discharging the claims on the Lovat ettate to be paid into the banks of Scotland. The creditors thereupon to produce to the court of exchequer in Scotland, she decrees of the court sustaining their said claims, by 5* July, 1761. Court to make out debentures for the principal and in-creftj to be paid at fight, without deduction or fee, at the banka. Thu

de*

rjflSa] Anno primo Georgii III. c.20, -21.

tiedfHs JttftC beiHg produced by the iakl day, jhe claims are not intltted to carry farther'ifiterest. Barons of the Exchequer to ascertaim the officers fjees i the same to be pitd Vy the banks. Officers not to demand or takfc ^myteeot the-creditors, otvfoffehure of iool. with full coftsof suit. Sur-^tdus the.naotiey appropriated for d\sch*rging the said claims to be reserved for the future dil^iiripn of parliament, All annuities, See. granted by biftMajetty to any et the royal family to 56 ta^free.

CAP. XX.

An act for enabKitg Ms Majesty to raise a certain suns of money towards'paying off land dtfchargivgfh* debt of tl* navy; and towards naval ierviots* lor the year one thousand fev^n hundred and sixty one; and for allowing further time for making affidavits of the execution of articles or con trails of clerks t6 attornies orfollkitors, and filing thereof.

Preamble., Credit ef loan granted to his Majesty for 1, 500, 000!. Trea-fnry may yaiie' the same by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as ff prescribed by the land tax act of this session, concerning teams or tv-chequer bifls thereby to btf made oat, Theotauses, &e. in the said act re* dating to the loanjs or exchequer bills, extended to the loans or exchequer bills to be ma4e forth in pursuance of this act. Exchequer bills, after being issued and applied, not to be received Or exchanged by any collectors, &c.of the pubqck revenues, before 16 March, 176s.*No action to He for such refnfal. Principal and interect, with the charges attending., to be paid out of the next suppliss, and if none sufficient be granted before 5 July 176 a, then they are to be paid out of the sinking Fund j and the monies so issued are to 6e replaced out of the first supplies. The batik hn-powered to advance on the said credit of loan, any fhm of sums not exceeding 1, 500, 0001. the act of 5 & 6 W. & M. notwithstanding. Application of the said Aunt via. 1, 000, 0061. towards paying off the debt of the navy, and 500, 0001. towards naval Cervices for the year 1761. Further time allowed to 6 tfov. 1761, for making and fifing affidavits Of the execution of articles, See, of clerks to attornies or follicitors.

203

CAP. XXL

An act for the better prefer vat ion of the game in that fart ef Great Britain called Scotland; for repealing part of \an act passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his.late Majesty, for the better preservation of the game in / that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[Preamble.]

FOR the better preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, may it please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enidled; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ho ^wJien^-ith-person in Scotland shall, upon any pretence whatsoever, take, kill, in the time*

destroy, carry, fell, buy, have in his or her pofielfion or use, any here mention-moor fowl or tarmagan between the tenth day of, and VIZ' Moor

the twenty fifth day of July, in any year; nor any partridge be- maganbe^ tween the first day of February, and the first day of September, in tween 10 Nov.

' any year; norany pheasant between the first day of and and< July j

the first day of October, in any year; nor any heath fovrt com- partridge be-, monly called Black Game, between the first day of, and jJJJJ s'ept.

the twenty fifth day of August, in any year. pheasant be*

tvtben r Feb. uitd-i Oft. black game between 1 Bee. and5 Aug. in any year.

304 Anno primo GEORGII III. c* tt? [tjrAx .

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on penalty of every person transgressing this act in any of the aforesaid cases, 5l- shall, for every bird so taken, kilied, destroyed, carried, fold,

bought, found in their possession, or used, forfeit and pay the or*months sum of five pounds sterling*, and in case of insolvency, the imprisonment. ^rty offending shall suffer imprisonment for the space of two months.

Offences how III* And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be enquired That all offences against this act shall and may be enquired into into and deter- and determined either by the oath or oaths of one or more ere-nuncd* dible witness or witaeffes, or by the confession or oaths of the parties accused, before any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or before the sheriff depute of the county where the offence shall be committed, or where the offender shall be found; and that all prosecutions for offences against this act, shall be carried on, either at the instance of the nfchal of court, or of any other person who will inform or complain.

Application of IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the forfeiture, one moiety of the forfeitures to be incurred for any offence against this act, shall, when recovered, be paid to the informer or prosecutor, and the other moiety shall be applied to the life of the poor of the parish or place where the offence shall be committed.

V. Provided always, That any person aggrieved by the judgment of any justices of the peace, or sheriff depute as aforesaid, may have liberty to appeal to the next general or quarter sessions, in case such judgement was given by any justices of the peace as aforesaid, or to the lords of judiciary in their next circuit court, or (where there are no circuit courts) to the court ofjusticiary at Edinburgh > in case the judgement complained of was given by the sheriff depute of any county; and that the determination of the said general or quarter sessions, or of the said circuit court, shall be final and conclusive to all parties.

Ad not to ex- VI. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend

fantior^* to any P^ca^ant or partridge, which shall be taken in the seasons tridges kept in allowed by this act, and kept in any mew or breeding place. Tuew8, &c. VII. And be it further enaAea by the authority aforesaid, Clauseio ad That from and after the passing of this present act, so much of an Act passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the better preservalion of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ as limits the time for killing any moor fowl, partridge, or heath fowl, shall be, and is hereby declared to be repealed*

Person 1 aggrieved may appeal to the quarter (ef-ftons, or lords of judiciary.

*4. Geo. 1. re piealed

CAP. XXU.

An act for applying the money granted in this session of parliament td- wards defraying the charge of the pay of the militia of that parti) £/ Great Britain called England when unembodied, and of the cloathing of the part of the said militia now unembodied, for ont year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty pne.

Preamble. .Where pay has not yet beep issued, the lieutenant* or depute lieutenantf the county, after having certified to the treasury the aduii i in*

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c.23. 305

Snrbllnbent of the proportion of men ami officers required to be inrolled, before pay* arms, or cloathing, are ifluable, are to certify the same also to the receiver general of the land tax ; , and also the return of any of the troops that have been embodied and called out, which shall be disembo-died and returned home. Receivers general are to make issues of months pay in advance, from the date o? such certificates, according to the e&abliihtnent of pay here set down. With half a year's fa 1 ary to the regimental and battalion clerks, and the allowances to the clerk of the general meeting; and clerks of the subdivision meetings; and also pay For cloathing. Where certificates, as aforesaid, have been received, the receivers general are to make the uftial issues, without any new certificate for that purpose. The money to be paid to the clerk of the regiment or battalion; and for independent companies, to the respective captains, or to, their order. A second payment to be also made within 3 months after the first; and a third within three months after the second. Receipts of the persons to whom the money (half be paid, discharge the receivers general. The clerks are to pay t month in advance to the adjutant, and 14 days to the.serjeant major and drum-major; and*months pay in advance to the captains, for their respective companies 5 who are to distribute the same as it becomes due; and account for the same yearly to the clerk, and pay back the furphis monies; and also the balance of the money allowed for contingent expences; which is to be applied to the general use of the regiment. Captains of independent companies to distribute the pay to their men, and apply the money allowed for contingent expences.

Clerk to retain in his* hands money for his own salary; and discharge the cloathing bills. During the time the troops are embodied, and called out into actual service, all pay from the receiver general is to cease. The clerk of the general meetings is to be paid his allowance, upon producing an order from the lieutenant. See. and the clerks of the subdivision meetings, upon producing a like order from the deputy lieutenants. Orders to tfifeharge thfc receivers general. Regimental and battalipn clerks to give fecunty for paying and accounting for the monies received by them; the bonds to be lodged with, the receivers general, and putin suit by them,

&c. of nonperformance of spe conditions; and they are intitled thereupon to full costs and charges, and 5I per cent, of the money recovered; the residue to be accounted for to the auditor. The regimental and battalion clerks, and captains of independent companies, are to deliver in accounts of their receipts and disbursements, and pay over the balance to the receivers general; who are to transmit the accounts into the audU for's office. Lieutenants neglecting to take proper security of the clerks, or to deposit the bonds with the receivers general, are answerable for any loss of monies sustained by their default. Recovery of penalties, &c. No feoto be paid forifluitig warrants for money.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for rendering more effectual the provisions in an act' made in the twelfth and thirteenth years of the reign of of his late majesty King William the Third (intituled.

An act for the further limitation of the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the subject) relating to the commissions and salaries of judges.

WHEREAS by an ail passed in the twelfth and fvam^o', ![e"

years of the reign of his late majesty King William the a'n^nf, wiE.

intituled. An act for the further limitation of the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the subject; it was enabled. That after the limitation of the crown thereby made Should take effefl, judges commij/ions be made quamdiu le bene gefferint, and-their salaries afetrtatned and established j but upon the addrtfs of

Judges continued in the

306 Anno primo Georgii III. c.23* [176a.

both houses of parliament, it might be lawful to remove them: and whereas your Majesty has been graciously plea fed to declare from the throne to both houses of parliament, that you look upon the independency and uprightness of judges, as essential to the impartial admini-Jlration of justice^ as one of the best securities to the rights and liberties of your loving subjects, and as mo ft conducive to the honour of your crown \ and in consequence thereof your Majesty has recommended it to the confederation of jour parliament9 to make further provifeon for continuing judges in the enjoyment of their offices during their good behaviour, notwithstanding the demise of your Majesty, or any of your heirs and feucceffort \ and your Majesty has also defered your faithful commons, that you may be enabled to secure the fdiaries of judges^ during the continuance of their commisseons: and whereas in return for this paternal goodness9 and in the just eft sense of your tender concern for the religion, laws, and liberties, of your people, we have taken this important work into our confederation, and have resolved to enable your Majesty to ejfeftuate the wife9 jufe % and generous purposes of your royal heart: may it therefore pi case your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and the?roffice*0t temp°ral> and commons, in this present parliament assembled, during their and by the authority of the same, That the commissions of good beha- judges for the time being, shall be, continue and remain, in vi°ur, not- full force, during their good behaviour, notwithstanding the Tn demise of of his Majesty (whom God long preserve) or of any of his

the crowns heirs and successors; any law, usage, or practice, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. but they may II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-be removed said, That it may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc-, by the crown, cessors, to remove any judge or judges upon the address of both

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such

^heir^\lan.C8* salaries as are settled upon judges for the time being, or any of

themntinu-8 them, by act of parliament, and also such salaries as have been

ance of their or shall be granted by his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to

commiiHons, any judge or judges, shall, in all time coming, be paid and pay-.

able to every such judge and judges for the time being, so long

as the patents or commissions of them, or any of them respectively, shall continue and remain in force.

afteranySe- 1^. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

mifeof the That such salaries of judges as are now or shall become paya-

crown, out ble out of the annual relit or sum granted for the support of his

of such of Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the

granteeffor* crown> shall, from time to time, after the demise of his Maje-

the uses of the (ty, or any of his heirs and successors, be charged upon, and

civil govern- paid and payable out of, such of the duties or revenues granted

for uses of the civil government of his Majesty, his heirs, and

after suchcjc- successors, as shall be subsisting every after such demise respectively,

mise, until until some further or other provision be made by parliament for

further provi- the ^xpenc^s of ths cjvil government*, and from and immedi-fion be made by parliament,

&c.

$°7

i 76a] Annb primo Georgii lit. C. 24^-32:

ately after the making of such provision, and during the continuance thereof, such salaries shall be paid and payable out of all or any of the monies which shall be applicable to such uses and expences as aforesaid.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, in the county of Dorset.

CAP. XXV,

An act for repairing and widening the road from the east end of West .Taphouse Lane, to the borough of Liskeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House $ and also the road from the said borough of Liskeard, to Crafthole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tar Point, and from Crafthole aforesaid, to Saint German's Beacon, in the counties of Cornwall and Devon.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for making, widening, and repairing, a road from the north east side of the Golwell Street road, next Islington, in the county of Middlesex, and near to the road called the New road, over the fields and grounds to Old Street road, opposite to the Doghouse bar$ and at and from the Doghouse-bar, to the end of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the eastern end of the borough of Grampound, in the county of Cornwall, through tfeft. towns of Saint Auftel and Loftwitbiel, and from thence to the east end of the Western Taphouse Lane, in the said county.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for enlightening the streets within the city of Exeter, and fuborbe thereof.

CAP. XXIX.

Act act for repairing and wideningthe roads from Dyed Way, to Somer* ton i and from Gawbridge, to Tintinhull Fords} and from a ftreamof water called Ford, to Cartgate, in Martock, in the county of Somerset.

CAP. XXX.

An act for continuing and amending an act made in the sixteenth year of his late Majesty's reign, for repairing the highways from the city of Gloucester, to the top of Birdhp Hill 5 and from the foot of the (hid hill, to the top of CnckJey Hill.

CAP. XXXI.

An act to explain and amend so much of an act passed in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled, AnaSto explain, amend, end render more tffeSnal, the powers granted bp several acts of parliament fir ref ear mg several roads leading to the dtp of Bath j and fir amending ft-vered other roads near the feud dtp j as directs the laying out a new ro*d from the Bridge at Bath to Rum Hill.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for amending and widening the road leading from the town of Falmouth, in the county of Cornwall, through the towns of Penryn, Helfton, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion river and bridge, and two hundred feet to the westward of the said river and bridge.

Anno primo Georgii in c. 33, -41^ [17^0*

CAP. XXXIII.

*> w niutuuuiu (cuucr mwccncuuiu <ui aw pdiicu lit u

year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for repairing the road from Leeds, to Sheffield, in

York.

An act to attend and render more effectual an act passed in the thirty first

- Second, in ma-

in the cmntpffi

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Traveller's Red, in the parish of Ashburton, to Newton Bulhei, and from thence to Forches otherwise Forgers Cross, in the parish of Highweek* in the county off Devon.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for amending the road from Sacred Gate, in the parish of Thom* gumbald, to Pattnngton Greek, or Haven; and from the Guide Post m Winestead, to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton's farm, in the county of York} and for scouring and cleansing the said creek, or haven.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for discontinuing the use of a road, in the parish of Great Pack, ington, in the county of Warwick $ and for preventing the trustees, appointed to put in execution an act passed in the thirty third year of his late Majesty's reign, for repairing the road from Stone Bridge to Castle Bromwich, from erecting a gate or turnpike between Stone Bridge and the place where the road turns off to Colelhill in the county of Warwick.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Fisherton Bridge, to the turnpike road at Willoughby Hedge in Well Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the turnpike road at the west end of Heytersbury; and also the road from the turnpike road at the top of Red Hone Hill, in the parish of Urlhfont, to the mile Hone at the weiiern end of Fisherton llreet, in the county of Wilts,

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for repairing the parish church of Croydon, in the county of Surrey.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for amending and widening the road from the town of Stone to Wordfley Green Gate $ and from the well end of Billion Street in Wolverhampton, to the High Street opposite the Old Bulh in Dudley; and from a place called Burnt Tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham} and from the market -cross ip Wolverhampton, to Cannock, in the counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick. 1

CAP. XL.

An act for rendering more effectual several acts passed in the tenth year of her late majesty Queen Anne, in the eleventh year of his late majesty King George the First, and in the eleventh year of his late majesty King George the Second, for enlarging, amending, and maintaining, the road from Dartford to Northfleet and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and from Northfieet to Chalk, and from thence to the (tones end near the parish church of Strood, in the county of Kent.

CAP. XLI.

An act for amending and widening the roads from the turnpike road Upon Gatherky Moor, in the county of York, to Staindrop, in the county id Purhsup*and tfqsg tbs laid turnpike road, near Saudi ways,

1760.] Anno primo Georgii III. c. 48, -44.

across the river Tee*, to Wlnfton, in the said county of Durham $ and for building a bridge over the said river, at or near Winston Ford.

CAP. XLII.

An act for repairing and amending the road leading from Whitecrolk, in the parish of Leven and Holdejmess, in the east ruling of the county of York, to the town of Beverley, in the said county.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the borough of Appleby, in the county of Westmorland, through the township of Orton, to Kirby Kendal; and from Orton, to the turnpike road near Shap, and from Highgate near Tebay, in a part of the highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendal, through the town of Kirby Steveh, to the town of Market-hrough, in the said county.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for continuing lo much of an act passed in the thirteenth year of King George the Second, intituled, An act for making mare efeBual tnvq aBs of parliament passed in the seventh and tenth years of her late metfe/h S^uen Amte % for trejemmsg and enlarging the harbour of Whitebaruent in the county of Cumberland^ and for repairing and amending, the high roads leading to the said harbour and tvwn of Whitehavenf a* mate* to the prefers ing and enlarging of the said harbour.

