The

Statutes at Large,

from

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's-Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXVIII.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1768.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

M, DCC, LXVIII.

THE

Statutes at Large.

Anno octavo Georgii III. Regis.

Being the SEVENTH Session of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

by

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq;

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno octavo Georgii III. Regis.

Being the Seventh Session of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. TO continue and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour.

Cap. 2. To continue several acts made in the last session of parliament, for allowing the importation of wheat, wheat flour, barley, barley meal, pulse, oats, oatmeal, rye, and rye meal, duty free; and also so much of an act made in the same session as relates to the free importation of rice from his Majesty's colonies in North America; and to allow the importation of wheat and wheat flour from Africa, for a limited time, free of duty.

Cap. 3. For the free importation of Indian corn, or maize, from any of his Majesty's colonies in America for a time therein limited.

Cap. 4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

Cap. 5. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several Statutes now in being for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways of this kingdom; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 6. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped.

Cap. 7. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 8. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

Cap. 9. To continue and amend an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time; and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time.

Cap. 10. To enable his Majesty to licence a playhouse in the City of Bath.

Cap. 11. For further regulating the proceedings of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, with respect to the making of dividends.

Cap. 12. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 13. To explain and amend so much of an act made in the tenth year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty for disbanding the army, and other necessary occasions, as relates to the number of troops to be kept upon the Irish establishment.

Cap. 14. For providing proper accommodations for his Majesty's justices of the great sessions in Wales, during the time of holding such sessions.

Cap. 15. For the more speedy and effectual transportation of offenders.

Cap. 16. For making and widening a passage or street from The Salt Market Street, in the city of Glasgow, to Saint Andrew's Church, in the said city; and for enlarging and compleating the church-yard of the said church; and for making and building a convenient exchange or square in the said city; and also for explaining and amending an act passed in the thirty second year of his late Majesty, for improving the navigation of the river Clyde, to the city of Glasgow; and for building a bridge cross the said river, from the said city to the village of Gorbells.

Cap. 17. To amend an act made in the seventh year of King George the First, intituled An act for regulating the journeymen taylors within the weekly bills of mortality.

Cap. 18. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

Cap. 19. For further continuing an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed in this present session of parliament intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 20. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

Cap. 21. For the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and for preventing obstructions and annoyances within the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and for repealing an act made in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign for those purposes.

Cap. 22. For the more easy and effectual recovery of the penalties and forfeitures inflicted by the acts of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the British colonies and plantations in America.

Cap. 23. To repeal so much of an act made in the fourth year of his present Majesty, as affects the island of Guernsey and Jersey, with respect to the leakage of wines imported into this kingdom from the said islands under certain restrictions and regulations; and for continuing an act made in the thirty third year of his late Majesty, for the better encouragement of the making of sale cloth in Great Britain.

Cap. 24. To permit the exportation of certain quantities of malt belonging to certain merchants in the county of Norfolk, and which were made for exportation between the fifteenth of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and the passing the act of the last session for prohibiting the exportation of malt.

Cap. 25. For reducing the duties on foul salt to be used for manure; for altering the stamp duties on certain policies of assurance; for amending so much of an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the allowance of the duties of customs, and exempting from the duties of excise such rum or spirits of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the British sugar plantations in America, as shall be exported from this kingdom; for better securing the excise duties upon foreign liquors imported; for repealing a clause in an act made in the last session of parliament, prohibiting the sale of condemned tea for home consumption; for amending such parts of two acts made in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, as relate to the depositing, in the warehouses belonging to the custom-house at London, foreign wrought silks and velvets, and cambricks, and French lawns, upon the seizure thereof.

Cap. 26. To enable his Majesty to make leases, copies, and grants of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of the duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 27. For the further continuing several acts of parliament made for the encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majesty's subjects.

Cap. 28. For licensing a playhouse within the city of Norwich.

Cap. 29. For redeeming the remainder of the joint stock of annuities established by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry; and for raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the said duties.

Cap. 30. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking Fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 31. For raising a certain sum of money, by way of annuities, and a lottery attended with annuities, to be charged on the sinking fund; and for carrying certain duties on wines, and on cyder and perry, granted by two acts of the third and sixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, to the said fund.

Cap. 32. For carrying into execution an agreement made between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the said city, and Stamp Brooksbank esquire, secretary to the Commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, for the purchase of Gresham College, and the ground and buildings thereunto belonging; and for vesting the same unalienably in the crown for the purposes of erecting and building an excise office there; and for enabling the lecturers of the said college to marry, notwithstanding any restriction contained in the will of Sir Thomas Gresham knight, deceased.

Cap. 33. For opening certain passages, and for paving the streets and other places, in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein.

Cap. 34. To enlarge and vary the term and powers of an act for repairing and widening the road from the west end of Thames Street, in the city of Oxford, over Botley Causeway, to the turnpike road near Fifield, in the county of Berks; and to provide more effectually for repairing and widening the ancient horse road from the west end of Botley Causeway to Witney, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 35. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading to and through the town of Goudhurst in the county of Kent.

Cap. 36. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the city of Coventry, to communicate upon Fradley Heath, in the county of Stafford, with a canal now making between the rivers Trent and Mersey.

Cap. 37. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Severn, at or near a place called Hawford, in the parish of Chines, in the county or Worcester, to or near a place called Chapel Bridge, within the borough of Droitwich, in the said county.

Cap. 38. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from Birmingham to Bilstone, and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the canal now making between the rivers Severn and Trent; and for making collateral cuts up to several coal mines.

Cap. 39. To continue the terms and enlarge the powers of several acts of the twelfth of Queen Anne, the twelfth of King George the First, and the twenty second of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of Worcester, through Droitwich, to Bromsgrove, and other roads therein mentioned; and to repeal an act of the twenty eighth year of his late Majesty for repairing the roads lying in and leading from Droitwich aforesaid; and for amending the several roads which were directed to be repaired by the said act.

Cap. 40. For rebuilding and enlarging the common gaol of the city and county of the city of Coventry; and for appointing a place for the custody of prisoners in the mean time.

Cap. 41. For continuing and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for repairing the road from the top of Crickley Hill, in the county of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the towns of North Leach, Burford, and Witney, and parishes of Hanborough and Bladon, to Campsfield, in toe parish of Kidlington, in the county of Oxford; and also the road from Witney, through Eynsham, Cumner, and Botley, to the city of Oxford; except so much thereof as relates to the road from Witney, through Eynsham, Cumner, and Botley, to the city of Oxford; and also for repairing and widening the road from Campsfield, to the turnpike road at or near Enslow Bridge, in the said county of Oxford.

Cap. 42. For enlarging and continuing the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Sunderland near the sea, to the city of Durham, in the county of Durham.

Cap. 43. To enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the thirty nine mile stone in Maidstone, to Tubb's Lake, in the parish Of Cranbrooke, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 44. To amend and render more effectual an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for supplying the town of Halifax with water; and for better paving, cleaning, and lighting, the streets and other places there; and for removing all nusances, incroachments, and obstructions, within the said town, and preventing the like for the future.

Cap. 45. To continue and render more effectual several acts passed for repairing the road leading from The Stones End, in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, to the farthermost part of the northern road, in the parish of Enfield, in the same county, next to the parish of Cheshunt, in the county of Hertford; and for amending the road from The Watch House in Edmonton, to the Market Place in Enfield.

Cap. 46. For repealing an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the better regulating the nightly watch and beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the streets, squares, lanes, and other passages, and repairing the highways and causeways, and regulating the poor within the parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex; and for making more effectual provision for those purposes.

Cap. 47. For diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the road from Huddersfield, in the west riding of the county of York, to Woodhead, in the county palatine of Chester; and from thence to a bridge over the river Mersey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the confines of the county of Derby.

Cap. 48. For continuing the terms of several acts made in the thirteenth year of King George the First, and in the seventeenth and thirty second years of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads leading from and through Chippenham, and from Chippenham Bridge, in the county of Wilts; and for amending the said acts, and reducing them into one act of parliament.

Cap. 49. To enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from The Green Man in the chapelry of Seend, in the county of Wilts, to Beckington, in the county of Somerset; and for repealing so much of an act made in the same year for repairing several roads in the counties of Wilts and Somerset, as relates to the road from a place in Trowle Bridge Lane to Midford, and from Freshford to Halts Close in Limpley Stoke; and for amending the said roads, and also several other roads leading from or near the roads included in the said acts.

Cap. 50. For repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the road leading from Reading, in the county of Berks, through Henley, in the county of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondesham, and Cheynes, in the county of Bucks, and Rickmansworth, Watford, and Saint Alban's, to Hatfield, in the county of Hertford; and also the road leading out of the said road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Bysham, to or near the thirty mile stone in the turnpike road leading from Maidenhead to Reading.

Cap. 51. For amending and widening several roads leading from the town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery, to the turnpike road at Westbury, and from Brocton, to the turnpike road at Minsterley, in the several counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery.

Cap. 52. For repairing and widening the road from the way post in the parish of Hardingston, in the county of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said county.

Cap. 53. For repairing and widening the road from Buckland Dinham, to the end of the parish of Timsbury, and also the road, from Midsummer Norton, to the end of the parish of Norton Saint Phillips; and also the road from Tucker's Grave, to the road leading from Wellow, to a place known by the name of The Red Post, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 54. For amending and widening the road from the city of York, to the top of Oswaldkirk Bank, and from the said road in Sutton Field through Craike towards Oulston, to the extent of the lordship of Craike, in the county of York.

Cap. 55. For amending the road from Christopher's Bridge, in the borough of Thetford, in the county of Suffolk, to the north east end of the town of Newmarket, in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 56. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, so far as the said act relates to the repairing and widening the road from the town of Kingston upon Thames, in the county of Surrey, to a place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfeld, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 57. For the better supplying the town of Dunbar with fresh water.

Cap. 58. For taking down the present Shire-house in the market-place of the town of Hertford, in the county of Hertford; and for building a new one on a more extensive and commodious plan in the market-place of the said town.

Cap. 59. For repairing several roads leading through the County of Selkirk.

Cap. 60. For repairing several roads leading through the county of Roxburgh.

Cap. 61. For repairing and widening the road from the Mayor's Stone in Abingdon, in the county of Berks, through Cumner, to the ancient horse road at Swinford in the said county.

Cap. 62. For the better paving and cleansing the streets, and other publick passages in the town of Portsmouth, in the county of Southampton; and for preventing nusiances and annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

Cap. 63. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Carron, in the county of Sterling, to the firth or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, the county of Dumbarton; and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow; and for making a navigable cut or canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said canal at or near the place where it will fall into the firth of Forth.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields and meadows of Stow, within the parish of Threekingham, in the county of Lincoln.

2. An act to enable James Shuttleworth the younger esquire, and his issue, to take and use the surname and arms of Holden, pursuant to the will of Robert Holden esquire, deceased.

3. An act to enable John Swinfen (lately called John Grundy) and is issue, to take and use the surname and arms of Swinfen.

4. An act to enable the reverend Ralph Drake clerk, and his issue, to take and bear the surname and arms of Brockman, pursuant to the will of James Brockman esquire, deceased.

5. An act for naturalizing William Aubert.

6. An act for naturalizing Dirk Willem Van Dam.

7. An act for naturalizing John Francis Rossier, Charles Augustus Rodolph Lewis de Willermin, Nicholas Freeze, John James Schlapffer, and Lewis Repinder.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Loughton, in the county of Bucks.

9. An act for continuing, establishing, and confirming, the surname and arms of Wallinger, unto John Wallinger formerly called John Arnold, and his issue, pursuant to the will of John Wallinger, his late uncle, deceased.

10. An act to enable Judith Paul, and her issue, to use and take the name of Saint Paul.

11. An act for naturalizing David Peyer Imhoff.

12. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields and commons, within the lordship or liberty of Rempstone, in the county of Nottingham.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, and pastures, within the township of Hotham, in the east riding of the county of York.

14. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable lands, on the south and west parts of the river Leam, in the manor and parish of Remington Priors, in the county of Warwick.

15. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, apd common fen, within the parishes of Billingborough and Birthorpe, in the county of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said fen.

16. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, commons, and wastes, within the township of Millington, in the county of York.

17. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, lands, grounds, meadows, padures, commons, and wastes, within the township of Bridlington, in the east riding of the county of York; and for extinguishing the right of common, or average, upon certain ancient inclosures, within the same township.

18. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, meadow grounds, sheep downs, commons, common heaths, and other waste grounds, in the in-parish of Winfrith Newburgh, in the county or Dorset.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open common fields, meadow grounds, heath, and commonable lands, in the parish of Kitton, in the county of Rutland.

20. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, marshes, waste grounds, commons, carrs, pasture, and moor, within the manor of Hook, in the parish of Snaith, in the county of York; and for maintaining the banks within the said manor and township.

21. An act for dividing and inclosing the several commons, common heaths, and waste grounds, in the manor of Morden, in the county of Dorset.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing several stinted pastures within the township of Litton, in the parish of Arncliffe, in the county of York.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and waste ground, within the township and manor of Cononly, in the parish of Kildwick, in the west riding of the county of York.

24. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open and common fields, within the manor or lordship of Tilsworth, in the county of Bedford.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures; and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Woughton on the Green, in the county of Bucks.

26. An act to dissolve the marriage of Thomas Brooke doctor in physic, with Harriet Nelthorpe, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act for exemplifying or inrolling an indenture of settlement of Elizabeth Bridges, and the will and codicils of of Brooke Bridges esquire; and making the same evidence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain.

28. An act to enable Thomas Killborn, and his issue male, to take and use the surname of Burrowes, pursuant to the will of John Burrowes, deceased.

29. An act to enable Thomas Jennet, an infant, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Worge only, pursuant to the will of George Worge, deceased.

30. An act to enable the most noble John duke of Bedford, and the most honourable Elizabeth marchioness of Tavistock, and the survivor of them, and such person or persons as they, or the survivor of them, shall, by any deed or writing, or by his or her last will and testament, nominate or appoint, to make leases of the real estates, late of the most honourable Francis Russel, called Marquis of Tavistock, deceased.

31. An act for vesting several undivided parts of divers baronies, lands, and hereditaments, late the estate of Brice Fisher esquire, deceased, situate in the provinces of South Carolina and Georgia in America, in trustees, to be sold, and discharged of the uses of the will of the said Brice Fisher; and for vesting the money arising by such sale in the purchase of lands and hereditaments, in that part of Great Britain called England, to be settled to the uses of the said will.

32. An act for establishing and confirming articles of agreement, dated 31st of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, between the honourable William Edwardes, Rowland Edwardes, John Owen Edwardes, esquires, and the right honourable Henry lord Holland, concerning the manor of Abbots Kensington, and divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the parish of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex; and for vesting such manor, lands, and hereditaments, in trust, to sell and convey the same to the said Henry lord Holland, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act for vesting an undivided moiety of certain manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate and being in the county of Berks, late the estate of Charles lord viscount Fane, deceased, and which, upon his death, became vested in possession, in Dorothy countess of Sandwich, in trustees, and their heirs, in trust, to be sold; and for applying the money to arise by the sale thereof in the manner therein mentioned.

34. An act to enable William Tufnell Joliff esquire, lord of the manor of Barners, otherwise Barnersbury, in Islington, in the county of Middlesex, to grant building leases of the demesne lands thereto; and to rate and assess fines on certain copyhold lands, within the said manor, for encouraging the tenants to build thereon.

35. An act for sale of the freehold estate, late of Roger Drake esquire, deceased; and for laying out the money arising thereby for the benefit of Roger Drake, an infant, his eldest son and heir at law.

36. An act for making a building, intended for a chapel, lately erected by William Wright esquire, in the township of Stockport, and county and diocese of Chester, a perpetual cure and benefice; and for endowing the same.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and heath, called Navestock Common and Heath, within the manors of Navestock and Lofthall, in the county of Essex.

38. An act for selling part of a green, called Nun's Green, in the borough of Derby, in the county of Derby, and for applying the money arising from the sale thereof, in the improvement of the remaining part of the said green; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

39. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields, lands, and grounds, in Welwick and Weeton, in the parish of Welwick, in Holderness, in the east riding of the county of York.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing the several fields, meadows, waste, and other commonable lands, lying within the manor or liberty of Little Sheepy, in the county of Leicester.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadow grounds, and common fen, in the parish of Morton, in the county of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said fen.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing several open and common fields, meadows, and commons, within the lordship or liberty of Ashby de la Zouch, in the county of Leicester.

43. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, and commonable lands, in the parish of Willoughton, in the county of Lincoln.

44. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons, waste grounds, open fields, common meadows, and common pastures, in the liberty of Littleover, within the parish of Mickleover, in the county of Derby.

45. An act for dividing and inclosing the open commons, and town fields, within the township of East Ayton, in the parish of Seamer, in the county of York.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, common meadows, and common pastures, in the parish of Normanton next Derby, in the county of Derby.

47. An act for draining and preferring certain fen lands and low grounds, in the parishes of Lakenheath and Brandon, in the County of Suffolk.

48. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parishes of Lilley and Offley, in the county of Hertford, except a certain sheep down, commonly called Lilley Hoo, in the parish of Lilley, and certain lands, part of the said common fields, lying south east of West Lane End, the Mill House, and Cold's Cross, and north east of the town of Offley.

49. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, lands, and grounds, within the township of North Burton, otherwise Burton Flemming, in the county of York.

50. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, and commonable lands, within the liberties of Epperstone, in the county of Nottingham.

51. An act for dividing and inclosing several commons, and waste grounds, within the manor of Wavertree, in the parish of Childwall, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

52. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, within the parish and liberties of Burton Joyce and in the county of Nottingham.

53. An act for making the exemplification of the last will of Richard Fitz Gerald esquire, deceased, evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

54. An act to enable Reynold Thomas, an infant, and his heirs, to take and use the surname of Deere, pursuant to the will of Reynold Deere, deceased.

55. An act for enabling and empowering the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and their successors, to sell and convey to the right honourable George earl of Pomfret, the lordship and manor of Oxenforde with the messuages, lands, and hereditaments, thereto belonging; and for applying the purchase-money to the purposes therein mentioned.

56. An act for the more effectually carrying into execution an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty intituled An act for vesting in trustees, the settled estate of Washington earl Ferrers in the county of Derby, to be sold for satisfying the incumbrances and portions affecting the same, and the rest of his settled estates; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

57. An act for rectifying a mistake in the name of one of the trustees in the settlement made of the estates of the right honourable William earl of Harrington, previous to his marriage with the right honourable Caroline countess of Harrington his wife.

58. An act to subject and charge a competent part of the manor and lordship of Tottenham Hall, otherwise Tottenham Court, in the county of Middlesex, and of the lands and hereditaments thereunto belonging, with the payment of a perpetual yearly rent-charge to doctor Richard Browne, and his successors; and for diverting the fee-simple and inheritance of the said premisses, out of him and his successors; and for vesting the same in trustees, to the use of Charles Fitzroy esquire, and Ann his wife, and their issue, with such powers and authorities as therein are mentioned.

59. An act for vesting in trustees, and their heirs, an intailed estate, in the county of Lincoln, of sir Thomas Gage baronet, dame Lucy his wife, and their issue, in order that the same may be sold, and the purchase-money applied for the purposes in the said act mentioned; and for settling an estate, in the county of Suffolk, of the said sir Thomas Gage, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

60. An act for vesting the settled estate of William Nedham esquire, in the island of Jamaica, in trustees, for the purposes therein mentioned.

61. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of the honourable and reverend James Yorke, and Mary his Wife, situate in Arlington Street; in the county of Middlesex, in trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to articles entered into for sale thereof; and for laying out the money, thereby stipulated to be paid, in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the same uses.

62. An act for confirming and carrying into execution an agreement, dated the twenty sixth day of December, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, between Walter Waring esquire, and the right honourable Robert lord and for vesting certain estates, in the counties of Salop and Montgomery, in certain trustees, and their heirs, for that purpose.

63. An act for vesting certain lands and hereditaments, in the parish of Warfield,in the county of Berks, with the appurtenances, in John Hart Cotton of Warfield aforesaid esquire; and for settling and assuring, in lieu thereof, a rent-charge of greater value, to be issuing out of part of the said land and hereditaments, and also out of a capital messuage and lands in the said parish of Warfield, and in the parish of in the same county, or one of them, belonging to the said John Hart Cotton, for the purposes in the act mentioned.

64. An act for impowering trustees, during the respective minorities of the four infant sons of Thomas Hawkins esquire, deceased, to make leases of estates, in the county of Cornwall, to which they are successively intitled, as tenants in tail, under the will of Philip Hawkins esquire, deceased; and for other the purposes mentioned.

65. An act for vesting certain undivided shares, belonging to Mary Wright, an infant, of and in several messuages, tenements, and lands, in the county of Lancaster, in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the money, arising from the sale thereof, in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the use of the said infant, and her heirs, on the part of her mother; and for other purposes therein mentioned;

66. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Shipton upon Charwell, in the county of Oxford.

67. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and grounds, within the township of Snainton, in the parishes of Brompton and Ebberston, in the north riding of the county of York.

68. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, cow pastures, and other commons, and commonable lands, in the parish of Toynton Supra, within the manor of Horncastle, in the county of Lincoln.

69. An act to enable the right honourable James Greenville, the right honourable Isaac Barre, and the right honourable Rickard Rigby, to take in Great Britain, the oath of office, as vice treasurer and receiver general and paymaster general of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

70. An act to dissolve the marriage of Frederick lord viscount Bolingbroke, with lady Diana Spencer his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

71. An act to dissolve the marriage of Charles Daly esquire, with Anne Statia Daly his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

72. An act for naturalizing Lawrance Laforest.

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno octavo

GEORGII III Regis.

In the First Session of the Thirteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACT.

Cap. I. FOR further continuing certain laws to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour; for further allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour, barley, barley-meal, and pulse, free of duty, into this kingdom, from any part of Europe; and for allowing the importation of oats and oat-meal, rye and rye-meal, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty; and also for continuing such other laws as will expire before the beginning of the next session of parliament.

PRIVATE ACT.

I. An act for naturalizing John Daniel Leautier.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c,

Anno regni GEORGII III, Regis Magnae Britanniae, Franciae, Hiberniae, octavo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the nineteenth day of May, Anno Dom. 1761, in the first year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the twenty fourth day of November, 1767, being the seventh session of the twelfth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act to continue and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the law herein after mentioned should be continued and amended; May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled,

---

[Recited act continued till

An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of corn. grain, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and also the extraction continued till of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour, shall con- day®after tinue, and shall be in full force and effect, and be carried into mencement of execution, until the twentieth day after the commencement of next session of y*e next session of parliament; except such parts of the said act parliament, as are herein after varied or altered. &c*

[But this act

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this act shall not extend to any wheat flour,« not to exmalt, barley, bread, biscuit, or pease, to be transported out ofte«d to such or from the port of Southampton only, unto the islands of Jersey, oth* ^dcies VoL. XXVIII. B Guernsey, hereeaumera*

c Anno octavo Georgii III. C. il [1767.

ted, as shall be Guernsey, and Alderney, or any of them, for the only use of the transported inhabitants of those islands; so as the exporter, before the lad-ampron'. to"nS commodities, or laying t}ie lame on board, do bc-

Jersey, Guern- come bound, with other sufficieiu fecqrity, in treble the value %, and Al- thereof, which the customer or comptroller of the same port derney, (bribe hath hereby power to take in his Majesty's name, and to his habitants m* Majesty's use, and for which security no fee or reward Audi be there. given or taken, that such commodities shall be landed in the The exporter laid islands of jerfeyt Gutmfey, and Aldtrnty, or one of them fhriTOMcurity (the danger of the seas Only excepted) for the use of the inha-fcmdinKthere- "tantshere, and shall not be landed or fold in any other parts of, 8*whatsoever; and to return the like certificates of the landing

and returning (he same there, as are required by the said act made in the Jail a certificate session of parliament on the exportation of the said commodities within the to the British colonies in America, and within the time for that purpose in the said act mentioned; and so as the quantity of d f tl 5 wheat flour, malt, barley, bread, biscuit, and pease, which at quantity*^* any time or times after the passing of this act, and during the not exceed in continuation thereof, shall be shipped at the said port for the said the whole 5000 islands, or either of them, as aforesaid, doth not exceed in the quarters. whole five thousand quarters; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Nor is it to

III. Provided also, That this act, or the said former act, shall extend to such not extend to any wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour, to be &c* transported out of or from the ports of Whitehaven or Liverpoolt portedfrora1'* on*ynto ffi* of Man for the only use of the inhabitants of

White-haven' (hat island; so as the exporter, before the lading of such wheat, or Liverpool barley, oats, meal, or flour, or laying the same on board, do to the Kle of become bound with other fufScient security in treble the value Sfeome*1* (hereof (which the customer or comptroller of either of the said habitantsm" ports respectively hath hereby power to take in his Majesty's therej name, and to his Majesty's use) (for which security no fee or reward shall be given or taken) that such wheat, barley, oats, giving*securi- roeal, or flour, shall be landed in the said Isle of Man (the dan-ty, &c. ger of the seas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other parts what-and returning soever; and to return the like certificates of the landing the ^certificate, same there, as are required by the said act made in the last set lion of parliament on the exportation of the said commodities to the British colonies in America, and within the time for that and so as the purpose in the said act mentioned; and so as the whole ^Ud ?tV i, fluan('(y wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, which at any portt'donot time or tiroes after the passing of this act, and during the con-rjr4, 500 tinuation thereof, shall be shipped at both the said ports for the quatteisintbe said Isle of Man, shall not exceed in the whole twothousend whose, &c. five hundred quarters; one moiety thereof to be exported from the said port of Whitehaven, and the other moiety thereof to Be exported from the said port of Liverpoole: any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Nor & to ex-

IV. Provided also, That nothing in this act contain^ shall

whis'ilf1b extend to prohibit the committee of merchants trading to Africa wncHj from

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2.' 3

from exporting, during the continuance of this act, any quan- exported bjr tity of wheat flour not exeeding two hundred quarters, or anycoroA/nCto quantity of bread or biscuit not exceeding fifteen tons in the Africa?* whole of such bread or biscuit, or of such bread and biscuit to- exceeding a gether, to the British forts, castles, and factories, in Africa, for certain quantile support of the persons residing the re; so as the likeftfcurity W cacil be given for the exporting thereof as is required by the said aft10r*. c\ to be" given by persons carrying the said commodities to the British colonies in America.*

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- None of the said. That no corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, or commodities Ranch, which shall be exported by virtue of this act, shall be in- ^efmided to titled to any of the bounties or drawbacks which are allowed and any drawback, made payable on the exportation of such commodities, or any of them.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That the said continuation may Provision for lie abridged or shortened; and this act, and the said former abridging the a ft, or both or either of them, or any part thereof, may be al- o? altcrine°the tered and varied by any other ail or acts to be made in this said a&# 8 present session of parliament.

CAP. II.

An act to continue several acts made in the last session of parliament, for allowing the importation of wheat, wheat flour, barley, barley meal, pulse, oats, oatmeal, rye, and rye meal, duty free; and also so much of an act made in the same session as relates to the free importation of rice from his Majesty's colonies in North America; and to allow the importation of wheat and wheat flour from Africa, for a limited time, free of duty.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the laws herein after mentioned should, be continued; May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enabled, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the several acts made in the last session or parliament 3 that is to say, an act, intituled An act for allowing the importation ^Recited act wheat and wheat flour from his Majestfs colonies in America, into continued, this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty $ and also so much of

an act, intituled An act for allowing the free importation of rice, JJf 52e sago-powder, and vermicelli, into this kingdom, from his Majestfs until 1 Jan. colonies in North America, for a limited time, as relates to the769* importation of rice* shall Continue, and shall be in full force and effect, and be carried into execution, until the first day of yanunry, 'anz thousand seven hundred and sixty nine; and an act, intituled, 'An act for further allowing the importation of Also the two wheat and wheat flour, barley, barley medl, and pulse, free of da- a?s hercrJ-tyx into this Ungdom from any part of Europe 5 and also* an act, continued till intituled An act for allowing the importation of oats, and oatmeal,0 days after' - Bz rye, the com-

4 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. a.

[1767.

menccment of rye and rye meal) into this iingdom9for a limited time9 free of duty 5 the next fcf- shall continue, and shall be in full force and effect, and be car-fonor parln- rje|j into execution, until the twentieth day after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

jan. 1769.]

1u II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the ?e-ex- °D That, for and upon all rice which shall be imported into this portation of all kingdom duty-free by virtue of this act, and which shall be a-rice import- gain exported thereout, there shall be paid and answered to his - ed duty-free, Majesty, his heirs and successors, a subsidy of poundage of six pence in the pound, according to the value or rate set upon rice imported in the book of rates referred to by the act of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second; which said subsidy of six pence in the pound upon such rice so exported, shall be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, by such ways and means, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as the subsidy of poundage for any goods or merchandizes exported from Great Britain may be raised, levied, collected, or recovered, by any act of parliament now in force, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several dauses, pow- to be paid in- ers, directions, penalties and forfeitures, relating thereto, were to the exebe- particularly repeated and* re-enacted in the body of this pre-?UC«daf d rh- ^cnt an<* ^at ^ut'cs (*^c necessary charges of ma* d^fpofitiopof nagenrient excepted) be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's ex-parliament. chequer, and be there referred for the disposition of parliament. w., III. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority afore-wheat flour al- said. That it shall be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's lowed to be subjects to import into. Great Britain, in any ship or vessel na-imported da- vigated according law, at any time or times before the first day from of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, any of his Majesty wheat or wheat flour from any part of Africa, without the pay-ty's subjects, ment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever; «pc, at any any thing in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the time before contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Due entry

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

madeofall a^orc^ai<l> That due entries shall be made in such manner commodities a°d form as were used or practised before the commencement so imported; of the last session of parliament, of the said commodities which shall be imported into this kingdom by virtue of this act, at the custom-house belonging to the ports of importation; or, in otherwisethey default thereof, the commodities so imported, and whereof such are liable to entries shall not be made, shall be subject and liable to such and pay duty.*the same duties as would have been payable thereon, in case the The said com-free importation thereof had not been allowed; and that all modities may such wheat, wheat flour, barley, barley meal, pulse, oats, and owhwife/ oatmeal, and rye and rye meal, may be carried coastwise, dur- j ing the continuance of this act, under the same regulations as 1 the like articles, being the growth of this kingdom, are allowed to be carried coastwise; any thing in any act or acts of par- I liament contained to the contrary notwithstanding. I

[Provision for abridging the Continuations or altering the said Acts.]

V. Provided nevertheless, That the said continuations or any of them, may be abridged or shortened; and this act, and the

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 3-5. 5

said former acts, or any of them, or any part thereof, may he continuations altered and varied by any other act or acts to be made in this the present session of parliament.

CAP. III.

An act for the free importation of Indian corn, or maize, from any of his Majesty's colonies in America for a time therein limited.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the importation of Indian tom, or maize, from any of his Majesty's colonies in America, into Great Britain, for a limited tithe, duty free, may be of advantage to this kingdom:

May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Indian com, any person or persons whatsoever to import any Indian com, or or maize, al-maize, from any of his Majesty's colonies in America, into Great Britain, at any time or times'before the first day of February, anJot his Ma-one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, without the pay- jetty's colonies ment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or im portion whatsoever; »n America, and that the same may also be carried coastwise, under such re- duty .» gulations as wheat and wheat flour of the growth of this king- "7 ti"J*dom are now allowed to be carried coastwise, at all times before, !ff"rc^c the said first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and'.*sixty nine; any thing in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Provided a

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That a due entry shall be made, in such manner due.e"51ry b*f and form as were used or practised before the making of this act, made uere°*of alL Indian com, or maize, which shall be imported or brought into this kingdom before the said first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, at the custom-house belonging to the port into which the same shall be imported or brought in; or otherwise, in default of making such entry, such otherwise to Indian corn, or maize, shall be liable and subject to such and the same duties as were payable upon the importation thereof P* u '* before the making of this act j any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

CAP. V.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several Statutes now in being for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways of this kingdom; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble, reciting a clause and proviso in an a & of the last lciuon. c*b.

The recited clause and proviso repealed.

Restrictions in the recited act, concerning the number of horses, not to extend to carriages employed in earring any of the particulars herein mentioned. Act 14 and 15 Hen. 8. and6 Hen. 8. which were repealed by the recited act of the last session, are revived and to be in full force* Nothing in the recited or present act, touching the making and returning lifts of persons qualified to be

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. g* [1 767;

ways of this kingdom*and for Other purposes therein.mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the seventh year of his present Mafifiy's reign* intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several Statutes now in being for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways of this kingdom5 and for other purposes therein men* I tioned; it is* among other things* enacted and' declared* 'fkat no \ waggon* having the wheels boundwith jlreaks or tire of alefs breadth than two inches and a half*, when wont* or being set and fajlened on with rife-headed nails, shall go or, be drawn with more than three horses; and that every owner or driver of any such waggon shall forfeit and lose all such horses above the number three* with all gears; bridles* halters* and accoutrements* to the sole use and benefit of any person or persons who JhaUfeize ordiflrai n the same \ with a proviso next \ after the said clause* containing particular refitiftions as therein men* \ tioned: and whereas great inconveniencies havedrifen* and may arise, from the said clause* which require an immediate remedy: therefore, for preventing thereof for the future, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritiaal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That as well the said clause as the said proviso, and every thing therein respectively contained, shall be* and the same, is and are hereby repealed and made void so ail. intents and purposes.

II. Provided always, and be it further. enacted,: That nothing in the said recited act contained concerning the number of horses, shall extend, or be confirued to extend, to any carts, waggons, or other carriages employed only in carrying any one done, block of marble, cable rope, piece of metol or timber, or to such ammunition or artillery as shall be for his Majesty's service..'

III. And whereas in and by the said act* an act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth of Henry the Eighthfor altering highways in the weld of Kent* and an act pafi'ed in the twenty sixth year of the said King* intituled^ A bill for the highways in the ! county of Sussex* are repealed: and: whereas great benefits have artfen to the highways of the said counties of Kent and Sussex, from the exercise of the powers given by the said acts last mentioned: therefore be it-hereby further enacted, That the said last mentioned acts shall be, and the same are hereby revived, and shall be and remain in full force and effect to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

IV. And be it further'enabled by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said recited act or this act contained, touching the making and returning lifts of qualified persons to be fur* veyors of the highways, and the appointment of such surveyors, nor the repeal of part of an act made in the third year of King William and Queen Mary relating to such surveyors, shall extend, or be construed, deemed, or taken to extend, to the city of

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 6, 7. y

Bristol j but that the several acts of parliament which have been Purveyors of paned previous to the said act of last session relativeto surveyors ay*

of the highways, and to cleansing, paving, lighting, and regulat- pointmenfof ing, the streets and other places within the said city, shall remain such survey-in Axil force, and be executed in as full and ample manner and ors$ nor the form, to all intents and purposes, as the same might or ought to have been, if neither the said act of last session, nor this act, 3 wil?&Mary# had ever been made $ and the competent number of qualified relating to persons, of which a list is directed by the said act of the third of C«ch survey. King William and Queen Mary to be returned for each parish to the justices at their special sessions, in order for the appoint- city of°Bristol| tnenc of surveyors, is hereby declared, so far as concerns the but the severity of Bristol, shall be ten at the lead; and that all appoint- ral acts, pre-tnents of such surveyors that have been made within the said vlo."s city by virtue of the said act of last session, shall from hence- [hriaft session, forth be void. relative to surveyors, and to the cleansing, lighting, &c* the streets in Bristol, are to be in force, and fully executed. The number of qualified persons, directed by act 3 Wil. &, M. to be returned, in the lifts for each parish, to the justices, as far as concerns Bristol, is to consist of 10 at the lead; and all appointments of surveyors, within the said city, under the act of the last session, are from henceforth declared void*

CAP. VI.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped.

Preamble, reciting the several qualifying acts of 1 Geo. 1. 13 Car. a. 15 Car.*30 Car, 2. S Geo. i.9 Geo. a. 18 Geo.. and 6 Geo. 3. Persons, who at, or before, the patting of this act, have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, as the laws {lireft, &c. and who shall duly qualify themselves on or before 2$ Dec. 1768, are indemnified for any such previous omission, and recapacitated 5 and all elections and acts done, or to be done, by them, &c. are declared to be as valid, as if, they had before duly qualified themselves as the said several acts direct $ except in such cases where final judgement hath been given In any court for the penalty incurred by any such omission. Town clerks, and other publick officers, and persons whose appointments, and admissions, or entries of admissions in the court books, may not have been provided 5 or not duly stampt; or which have been lost or mislaid 5 providing, Sec. the same oh or before 15 Dec. 1768, are confirmed in their offices, and indemnified, notwithstanding such omission. Offices, &c. already avoided by judgement of a court, and legally filled up, confirmed. Persons sued may plead the general issue.

CAP. VII.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

[Preamble.]

Number of forces 17, 253, including 2, 460 invalids. After 24.' March 1768, during the continuance of this act, every officer and private man, who shall mutiny or desert, &c. or lilt ih any other regiment, Scc. or shall be found deeping on, or shall desert, his pod:, or hold illegal cor* iespondence with the enemies of his Majesty, or shall strike, or disobey his superior officer 5 shall differ death, or such punishment as a court-martial shall inflict. The king may grant a comm\flion to hold a court-martial, &c. Courts-martial may inflict corporal punishment for immoray Jjties, Sec, General court-martial not to consist of less than 133 (except

ft Anno octavo Georgii III. c; 7.

[1767.

Within the garrisons of Goree; md Senegal, &c.) and the president to be afield officer or officer next in seniority, not under the degree of a captain $ (except in the garrisons of Goree and Senegal, where they are to consist of 5 at leall:,) may administer an oath to witnessea. Officers to be sworn. The oath. The oath. The judge advocate to be sworn. The oath* In sentences of death, the number of officers to concur, See. Hours of trial. Deserter may be adjudged to serve in any corps abroad for life, or a term of years; but returning without leave before expiration of such term, he shall suffer ! death. The party tried, in titled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of the court-martial. Original proceedings. See. of courts-martial to be transmitted to the judge advocate general in London, Sec. None to be tried a second time for the same offence, except in case of appeal. This act not to exempt soldiers from ordinary process. Penalty on false certificates to excuse soldiers from mutters. Penalty on officers making false mutters. Sec. Fictitious names allowed by his Majesty's order upon the mutter-rolls, for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be construed a false mutter. Mutter matter to give notice of mutter to mayor, Sec. Penalty on muiter-master neglecting so to do. Mutter-rolls to be signed by the mayor. See. Penalty on persons offering themselves to be falsly muttered*

Horses falsly muttered, to be forfeited, &c. Forfeiture how to be levied* Officer embezilling, Sec. military stores, to be cashiered, and forfeit 100 / and the damage to be made good by fate of his goods and chattels; for want of distress, the person to a|committed. Application of the forfeiture* Mutter-matter, Sec. 1 taking a drafter, to make oath. The oath. Mutter-rolls, though transmitted without the oath indorsed to the paymasters general, to be good vouchers to the auditor. Penalty on agent, &c. detaining officer^ or soldier's pay. Weekly rates* Penalty on agsnts disobeying of order*. Surgeon, &c. within ten miles of London, Scc, to certify who are sick $ and commanding officer, who are employed in raising recruits. Penalty on officer muttering persons by wrong names. Constables, Sec. to quarter officers and men in inns, ale-houses, Sec. But in no distillers houses, or shopkeepers, or in any private houses. Penalty on constables, &c. quartering soldiers in private houses, See. Penalty on officers quartering j soldiers contrary to this act, Sec. Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any justices, and be relieved. No justice having any jiulitary office, to be concerned in billeting his soldiers. Officers and soldiers to pay rates for their provisions* What inn-bolders may allow men quarter'd on them, instead of meat. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering. Dragoons, Sec. and their horses, to be billeted in the same house. Manner of changing, men and horses. Clause relating to a soldier's settlement for his wife and children. Officers, &c. to be quartered in Scotland as the laws in force at the union direct. No pay* matter. Sec. to make deductions out of officers or private mens pay. Exceptions. Treasury may issue out the money due for clothing, every two months. Paymasters to deduct the off-reckonings. Officers to give notice to innkeepers of subsistence-money in their hands. Rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers, &c. for soldiers quarters. Penalty on officers not paying subsistence-money. On nonpayment of quarters, the officers to«make up accounts, Sec. No mutter in Westminster, Sec. but in the preience

of two or more justices. Constables, Sec. may billet soldiers in Westmin* fter, Sec. Petty constables, Sec. to quarter soldiers in th?ir respeCHve diviT fions. Constables, Scc. to deliver lifts at quarter sessions, on oath, of inhabitants, and soldiers quartered in their respective divisionsj to be inspected without fee. Copies of such lifts to be wrote by the clerk, at % d. fir sheet, containing 150 words* Penalty on default. Penalty on giving defective lifts. How to be levied. This act to extend to Jersey, &c. Mutter-rolls to be closed on day of mutter, and returned to the paymaster of the forces.

See. Penalty. Justices may order constables to provide carriages. Rates for Carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, See. Penalty on constables, Sec. neglect, Treasurers of the county to repay the cpn ft able's extraordinary charge?. The money for those purposes how to be raised. No waggon. Scc. to carry above 30 hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided. Soldiers wives, fit. not so be quartered without consent. Penalty. Penalty on officers o*

1767."} Anno octavo Georgii III. c. ff.

soldiers destroying the game. Mow the account of every regiment shall be kept. Penalty on pay matters, Sec. Penalty on colonels. Non-commission officer embezzling soldier's pay, to be reduced, &c. Justices may commit deserters. Reward for taking up deserters. Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or buying their arms, clothes, See. Penalty on officer breaking open house without warrant* His Majesty impowered to make articles of war. None to be adjudged of life or limo, but for crimes expressed to be so ponifhable by this ?d. Deserters beyond Tea, Sec. may be tried here or in Ireland. This act to extend to deserters, Sec. in Ireland, Sec, Persons acquitted by the civil magistrate, may only be cashiered by a court-mar* tiai. Persons accused of capital crimes, Sec. to be delivered over to the civil magittate, Stc. Paymasters, Scc. to account with executors. Persons sued may plead the general issue. Treble cotta. All suits to be brought in some of the courts of record at Westminster or Dublin, or the court of session in Scotland. Continuance of this act. Penalties against the ad z George x. where to be sued for. No volunteer liable to process, unless for some criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of xo /. Oath.of the debt to be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process. Plaintiff may file a common appearance* Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering; or vidual* lers refilling to quarter soldiers. Justices may order constables to give an account of the number of soldiers quartered. Sec. How the troops are to pay in passing over ferries in Scotland. Clause for relief of persons haftilj fitting themselves. Persons refilling the said relief, to be proceeded against as if duly inlisted. Offences against former mutiny acts punishable by this act. None liable to be tried. Sec. for offences against former acts, which were committed 3 years before issuing the warrant for trial \ except forde-fertion. Officers, &c. of the trains of artillery subject to this act. American troops, acting in conjunction with British forces, liable to the same martial laws. Officer* and soldiers of the American troops sent over to Great Britain, to be quartered and billeted as the British forces, and under the same regulations and penalties. Where any corps beyond seas shall be. relieved in order to return home, such of the men as shall choose may be inlisted, and incorporated with those appointed to remain; the occasion of quitting such former corps to be recited in the inlisting certificate. This act not to extend to the militia farther than is directed by the (nilitia laws. As often as k shall benecessary, officers of the land and marine forces may fit in conjunction upon courts-martial; taking rank according to the seniority of their commissions.

CAP. VIII.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

[Preamble.]

1, 518, 275/. 6s. Sc % d. 37. to be raised in Great Britain. 1, 492, 309/; x 5/. &10 d. x q. to be raised in England, in one year, from 25 March 1768. Personal estates (except desperate debts, stock on land, houshold goods, and loans to his Majesty) to pay 3 s. in the pound. Employments of profit (except military officers of the army or navy) to pay 3 /. per pound. Pennons and annuities out of the exchequer, &c. to pay. Sec. Lands, tenements, mines, Sec. to be charged with equality and indifference, &c. Lands, fee. subject to relit charges, annuities, &c. Commissioners of the land tax for the year 1763, to put this act in execution. Commissioners to meet on or before the 30th of April, 1768, as by the ad 4 W. Sc M. and may subdivide themselves, Sec. A lift of the of to ad in each division, to be given to the receiver-general. Commissioners tosummon fit persons to be assessors, who are to appear before them in 8 days 3 and theq to give them a charge. Persons absenting, or refofing to serve, forfeit, not exceeding 5 /. nor less than 40 s. Assessors to be two at least, and sufficient inhabitants. Assessments to be brought in at a day and place prefixt. The full sum charged to beafiefied. A certificate of the assessment to be brought in, with the collectors names. Assessors, Sec. neglecting their duty, to be fined not above 40/. Assessors to deliver one copy of the assessments to thb epmmi&pnersi Duplicates thereof to be signed, &c. and one delivered to

the

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 8.

[1767.

Commissioners may act for any city, being inhabitants, or inns of court, &c. Attornies, &c. not to be commissioners without possessing too /. per*ann. No commissioner of the city of London, or liberty of St. Martin, le Grand, to act, unless rated at so /. per ann. of his own estate, &c. No commissioner of the city, &c. of Westminster to act, unless rated at ao /. per ann. of his own estate. Persons disabled, presuming to act, to forfeit*50 7. - Collectors of the new water-works in Exon chargeable. Her majesty the Queen not chargeable$ nor her royal highness the Princess Dowager of Wales) nor their royal highnesses the dukes of Gloucester or Cumberland, or princess Amelia. Superannuated sea officers not to pay, &c. nor poor knights of Windsor. Residentiaries in what cases not chargeable. Nor 100 £ per ann. to the poor clergy of the isle of Man/ Nor pages of honour. Receivers-general to give notice of failures in payment of the taxes. Commissioners for Lincoln to act in Lincoln Close. And for the county in St. Martin Stamford Baron. Auditor to keep a register, &c. Deputies to pay for principals, and on nonpayment liable to distress^ Receiver-general to give a list of money received by him, at the time and place appointed. On refusa), to forfeit any fam not exceeding so /. Collectors may keep so much money as any two of Judge reasonable. No receiver to return an injuptr upon any county, &c. after 3 years, for monies in arrear; but the same to be a debt on him and his securities. Sheriff, on writs of Distringas, to return issues after the rate of 5/. per cent, of the sum let insuper; and process to issue thereupon, &c. Waterworks in Shrewsbury chargeable. Who shall have the benefit only of overplus sums uncharged. Clause for the case of protestants, to whom lands, &c. have come, which have been doubly taxed. Where lands formerly doubly taxed are liable only to a Angle assessment $ of, on complaint, to examine into the truth thereof, and to certify the same to the barons of the exchequer, before 29 Sept. 1768 $ who are to discharge the overplus before the last day of Nov. 1768. Certificates of the^ sums discharged to be produced to the of at their next meeting. Commissioners may summon collectors, who have converted land tax monies to their own use, or their heirs, &c. and on examination may issue their warrants for paying such monies to his Majesty's use. The payments made according to the of warrants, &c. shall be discharges to the collectors, or their heirs, &c. Collectors not paying, may be imprisoned, and their estates seized and fold.' Arrears of former land taxes to oe levied by the prefimt of No receiver-general, or his agents, may sue the county for a robbery, unless the persons carrying the money be 3 in company. Tolls or duties on turnpikes not chargeable by this or any former act. Commissioners may, before 29 Sept. 1768, summon aiTeflors, who have not charged their estates since 6 May, 1717, and examine them upon oath, and award satisfaction, to be levied and pud to the collectors. Commissioners, &c. to distinguislt and set down the gross sums assessed for double taxes, to be transmitted in the exchequer. Assessments on the town of Cambridge to be raised on manors, &c. and on fifilings, &c. on the river Cam. On whom, and when, yearly assessments on fairs, &c. to be collected. Distresses on default of payment, how to be levied. Tenants of booths,

Ac. to pay the rates, and deauft them out of their rents, &c. 35*965 & xoj. 10d. % 9. to be raised in Scotland, by an 8 months cess of 4, 4.95/. 13 /. xo d, and five sixteenth parts of a penny, per minftm; to be rated as the tax roll now Is or shall be settled by themselves. The first two months cess to be paid 14 June, 1768. Second 29 Sept. 1768. Third 15 Dec. 1768. Fourth s5 March, 1769. Commissioners for putting this act m execution in Scotland: and execution to be done as by the said afta. First meeting to be at the head burghs on 30 April, 1768. All clauses in former acts relating to the bringing in the eels, &c. to be in full force. No pfrfons in Scotland holden to produce their receipts after 3 years. Debtor owing money in Scotland at 6 per cent, to retain a 6th part of 6 per cent, from, 11 Nov. 1767, to 11 Nov. 1768. 35, 965 7. 10 s. 10 d. % q. to be raised free of all charges, and to be paid at Edinburgh. No person to be a commttfion- er of the land tax in Scotland, who is not infeoft of 100 /. Scots per ann. real relit, in the county where he acts. Exception. Commissioners in Scon j land

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 1$

land to take the oaths, and subscribe the assurance. Protoft, 5cc. of any ' royal borough may act as a commissioner. Clause of loan at 3 /. per cent.

Tallies of loan to be truck, &c. Orders to tie registered and pud in course.

No fee for registering, &c. Penalty for undue preference* No undoe preference, where tallies are dated or brought the same days nor if fuhfe-qaent orders be paid before such at were not demanded in course. Orders adlignable. Commissioners of the treasury impowered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one common sum, or different sums, in the principal monies. Bills to bear interest at 3 /. per cent* per ann. These bills to' be numbered arithmetically. Treasury to direct the course of parent for loans or exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques, &c. The bills to be placed as cash in the exchequer. Clauses in the malt tax aft relating to exchequer bills, extended to this. How the monies arising by this act shall be applied. Treasury on 19 Sept. 1769, to take an account of all monies

raised and discharged. Unsatisfied monies to be paid out of the next ajd, or but of the sinking fond. The monies to be replaced out of the first supplies. Deficiency of the land tax 6 Geo. 3. how to be supplied.

CAP. IX.

An act to continue and amend an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time; and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time.

WHEREAS it is expedient that the law herein after mentioned Jbndd be emtinued and amended: may it therefore.please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for importation of Jolted beef* pork* Act 5 Geo. j, bacon* and butter* from Ireland, for a limited time3 which act was afterwards continued until the first day of February, one thou- further coati-sand seven hundred and sixty eight, shall continue, and shall nued to 1 Feb. be in force and effect, and be carried into execution, from the769 > said first day of February* until the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine; except such parts of the fstid aft. as are herein after varied or altered.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That and goods, from and after the first day of February, one thousand seven bun-c. imported' dred and sixty eight, no subsidy, custoni, imposition, rate, or by duty whatsoever, shall be paid or payable upon, for, or in respect present of, any of the goods or commodities which shall be imported to be doty into this kingdom by virtue of the said former act or this act; free, tee. but that all such goods and commodities shall and may be freely landed; and the importers or proprietors thereof, or any other person or persons, shall not be rabjeft to any penalty, forfeiture, or loft, or such. goods or commodities liable to be (eized or forfeited for or on account of such landing! 'any thing contained in the said former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, That the said continuation may protf for -

' ' feefeMtoningdie

x4 -

continuation, or altering or varying these aftf.

Salted provisions allowed to be, imported from the British colonies in America duty free, before s May,

[Preamble.]

Clause in aft' xo Geo.. repealed, with respect to the city of Bath.

[Preamble.]

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 10, 11. f 1767.

be abridged or (bortened, and this act and the said former all, or either of them, or any part thereof, may be altered and varied, by any other act or afta to be made in this present session of parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after thefirfit day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to import into Great Britain, from the British dominions ui XmtrUa, at any time or times before the first day of May* one thousead seven hundred and sixty nine, any faltea beef, pork, bacon-, and batter, without the payment of any fut>» fidy, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever; any thing in any former jaft or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. X.

An act to enable his Majesty to licence a playhouse in the city of Bath.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a licenced playhouse is much wanted in the city of Bath»may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with rite advice-and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of an act of parliament which passed in the tenth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain and amend so much of an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and vagrants, into one act of parliament; and for the more effectual punching such rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent, as relates to common players of interludes, whereby all persons are discharged to represent any entertainment of the ltage whatever, in virtue of letters patent from his Majesty, or by licence of the lord chamberlain of his Majesty's houshold for the time being, except within the liberties of Westminster, or where his Majesty is redding for the time being, be, and the same is hereby repealed, with respect to the said city of Bath;

[The crown impowered to grant letters patent for establishing a theatre within the said city.]

and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to grant letters patent for establishing a theatre or playhouse within the said city, which shall be intitled to all the privileges, and subjected to all the regulations, to which any theatre or playhouse in Great Britain is intitled and sub-jested.

CAP. XI.

An act for further regulating the proceedings of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, with respect to the making of dividends.

WHEREAS it was found necessary, in the last sessions of parliament, for feiuring, as well the permanent interest of the united

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. i 15

company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, as 4he {late of credit both private and public, from the mischief: which must have ensued from an improper and improvident increase of the dividend of the fend company, that the said company Jbouldy for a time, be refrained from making any further increase of their dividends beyona the rate at which % t then food payable^ and to which it had then lately been increased; And whereas the timfa for which such restriction was then hid, did expire at the beginning of this present feffum of parliament: Now, for as much as the farther interposition of parliament, for the same salutary purpose, is at this time necessaryt be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords dividend be-spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament yon^ 10\]^assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall not cent, per ann. be lawful for any general court of the said company, at any to be resolved time before the first day of February, one thousand seven hun- rourtof dred and sixty nine, to declare, or resolve upon, any increase of the company, dividend beyond the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, before i Feb/ being the rate of the present dividend. >769»

CAP. XII.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

[Preamble.]

After 25 March 176s, during the continuance of this act, every marine officer and private man on mere* who (halt mutiny or desert, See. or lift in any other regiment, &c* or shall be found deeping on* or shall desert his post, or hold illegal correspondence with the enemies of his Majesty, or shall strike, or disobey his ihperior officer % shall fuller death, or such punishment as a court-xnarflial shall inflict. The lord high' admiral, or of for (executing that office, may grant a commission to bold general courts-marshal, Sec. Courts-marthaf may inflict corporal punishment for immoralities, &c. Lords, Arc. of the admiralty im* powered to make articles for punishment of mutiny and defection. Bec. and' to cpnttitute courts-marshal. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but but for crimes exp re fled to be so punishable by. this act. General court* mSrfhal not to consist of less than 13 j and the preiident to be a field officer, or officer next in feiiiority, not under the degree of a captain.

May administer an oath to witnesses. Officers to be (worn. The oath.

The oath. The Judge advocate to be sworn. The oath. In sentences of death, nine officers to concur. Sec. Hours of trial. The party tried, intitled to a copy of the sentence and proceedings of the court-rnarflial.

Original proceedings of the courts-marshal, to be transmitted to the secretary of the admiralty, Sec. None to be tried a second time for the same offence. Sentence not to be reviled more ifcan once.. Deserters beyond sea, Sec. may be tried here or in Ireland. This act not to exempt any on shore from ordinary process. Persons acquitted by the civil magistrate, may only be cashiered by a court-marihal. Persons accused of capital primes, &c. to be delivered o^ er to the civil magistrate, Sec. Fictitious pannes allowed by his Majesty % s order upon the muster-rolls, for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be construed a false muster. Paymaster to pay the full pay of such men to the receiver; ^Constables, &c. to quarter officers and men in inns, ale-houses, Sec. But in no distillers houses, or shopkeepers, or in any private houses. Penalty on officers quartering private men contrary to this act, Sec. Persons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any justices, and be relieved. Officers and marines to be furnished at the rates herein set for their provisions. What inn holders may allow men quartered on them, instead of meat. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quartering. Commanding officer may exchange marines in their quarters. Constables to billet the j^me accordingly.*No pay matter* &c, to make deductions out of office-

Anno octavo Georgii III. c i j: [1767.

or private men's pay. Exceptions. Officers to give notice to innkeepers 1 of iubfistence-money in their hands. Kates of subsistence to be paid to

innkeepers'. See. for marines quarters. Officers not giving notice ot subsistence-money, and paying quarters, paymaster to satisfy them out of the company's next pay, and officers to be tafhiered. On moving from quarters the officer to make up accounts, and give certificates for money due. Set. Paymaster to pay the sum certified for. Officers, kc. to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union direct. Justices to order constables to provide carriages for the marine forces on their march. 'Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, Sec. Penalty on constables. See. neglect. Treasurers of the county to repay the constable's extraordinary charges. The money for those purposes how to be raised. No waggon. See. to carry a-, bove^ so hundred weight. Carnages in Scotland how to be provided* Marines wives. Sec. not to be quartered without consent. Penalty. Penalty on officers and marines destroying the game. Constables may apprehend deserters, and carry them before a justice. Justice to commit them, and transmit an account to the secretary of the admiralty. Gaol keeper to receive the subsistence of deserters. Reward for taking up deserters. Penalty on persons concealing deserters, or buying their arms, clothes, &c. This act to extend to deserters. Sec. in Ireland, Continu-, ance of this act. Offences against former acts may be enquired of and punished as under this act, provided no person be liable to be tried for*offences committed 3 years before Ultima the warrant for trial; except in 1 cases of desertion only. No volunteer liable to process unless for tome criminal matter, or unless for a real debt of the value of 101. Oath of the debt to be made before judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of the process $ otherwise prisoner to be discharged, with costs. Plaintiff giving notice, may file a common appearance, and proceed to judgment and execution. Penalty on constables. Sec. neglecting to quarter marines. Penalty on taking money to excuse any person from quar- 1 tering, and on victuallers refuting to receive marines. To prevent abuses in quartering, j uftices may order constables to give an account of the number of officers, and private men, and where quartered. Clause for relief of persons hastily lining themselves. As often as it shall be necessary, officers of the marine and land forces may fit in conjunction upon courts-, martial; taking rank according to the (eniority of their commissions. I Marine forces being borne as part of the complement of any ships of war, are liable to be governed by the rules established by act as Geo. a,

CAP. XIII.

An act to explain and amend so much of an act made in the tenth year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty for disbanding the army, and other necessary occasions, as relates to the number of troops to be kept upon the Irish establishment.

Preamble, re- WHEREAS by an oS of parliament made in the tenth year citing clause \\ of the reign of his late Majesty King William the third, in-io Will tituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty for disbanding '* the army, and other necessary occasions; it was enabled. That immediately, from and after the twenty sixth day of March, one thousand six hundred and ntnety nine, all toe regiments, troops, and tom-ponies, officers and foldienr, within the kingdom of Ireland, should he disbanded, except fitub regiments, troopsf and companies confifiing only of his Majestfs natural-born fiubjefls, not exceeding twelve thousand

persons, commission and non-commission tffiters included, as, before the tenth dty of April, one thousand six hundred and ninety tune, should

bo

*7

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 14.

particularly expressei by proclamation under the great seal of Ireland, in the manner therein directed: And whereas the publick service of these kingdoms doth require, that some part of the troops kept on the ejlabhshment of Ireland, should be employed towards the necessary defence of his Majestfs garrisons and plantations abroad: And whereas it may be expedient that a number of troops, not less than twelve thousand men, commissior\ed and nin-commissioned officers included, should be kept within the [aid kingdom of Ireland, and for the better defence of the same, exclusive of such regiments on that establishment as are or shall be employed in his Majesty's said garrison and plantations; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords H|S spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it up, on the shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and succes- Irish establish-fors, to raise and keep up, on the said establishment of Ireland, anX

any number of troops, confiding only of his Majesty's natural- "^pSCn^ born subjects, not exceeding fifteen thousand two hundred and exceeding thirty five men in the whole, in time of peaces any thing in j5»*35 men* the said act to the contrary notwithstanding. m time

CAP. XIV.

An act for providing proper accommodations for his Majesty's justices of the great sessions in Wales, during the time of holding such sessions.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS certain accommodations are provided for his majesty's justices of qjftfe upon their-circuits in England, by the Sheriffs the respective counties, who are allowed the expences thereby occasioned in their bills of cravings in each year: And whereas it is proper that the like accommodations should be providedfor his Majesty's justices of the great sessions in the principality of Wales, during their respective sessions, by the Sheriffs there; and that such Sheriffs should be reibibursed the expences of providing such accommodations out of the land revenues of the crown arising within the said principality, in manner herein after-mentioned; but some doubts having arisen whether, since the act made in the first year of the year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the support of his Majesty's Act 1 Geo. j. houshold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, of Great Britain, any part of the said revenues can be applied for the said purpose without the authority of parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by apd with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the sheriffs of the several counties in Wales, Sheriff* in shall, from henceforth, in each of their respective counties pro- Wales to provide necessary lodging and other accommodations for his Ma- and other ac-jesty's justices of the great sessions, during the time of each ref- commodati-pedtive session, in like manner as has been usually provided by ons forhis the sheriffs within the several counties in England for the justices Majesty> ju-of assise there; and that his Majesty may, by any warrant or GreatVessiong.

Vol. XXVIII. C warrants during the

iS Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 15.

[1767.

time of each warrants under his royal sign manual, countersigned by the high respective fef- treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the trea-they are to be fury ^or the time being, authorize, during the continuance of allowed in the said act made in the first year of his Majesty's reign, the ao-their accounts, ditor for the time being of the land revenues of the crown arif-His Majesty ing within the principality of Wales, to allow and pass all or any impowered to of such charges as shall, from time to time, be made by the ref-authorize the pedive sheriffs of the counties within the said principality, in the cro^n reve^C accounts by them to be delivered into the office of the said au-nues in Wales ditor, of expences incurred by them respectively, in providing to allow and necessary accommodations for his Majesty's justices of the great pass the char- sessions of Wales, during their sessions; and to direct that certi-and direatbat*cates ^all be delivered by the said auditor to the said sheriffs certificates be* ofhc sums so allowed and passed in their accounts respectively; granted ac- and also to authorize, during the aforesaid term, the receiver or re-cordingly. ceivers general of the said revenues to pay the sums so, from.time to time, certified, upon the production and delivery to him or them of such respective certificates, without any fee, deduction, or reward whatsoever, to be paid by the sheriff either to such auditor or receiver.

---

[The charges allowed not to exceed 10l. in respect of such accommodations in any one county, for any one session.]

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That no greater or larger sum shall be allowed, passed, certified, and paid, than the sum of ten pounds for or in respect of such accommodations in any one county, during or upon account of any one such session.

CAP. XV.

An act for the more speedy and effectual transportation of offenders.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS several offenders, convicted of crimes for which they are by law excluded the benefit of clergy, are reprieved by the judge who tries them, and recommended by him to his Majesty's mercy; who generally, on such recommendation, is graciously pleased to extend the same to them, on condition of transportation to some of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America for life, or for the term of fourteen years; and such intention of mercy is signified by one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state to the judges at the next assizes after such conviction, who thereupon order such offenders to be transported accordingly: And whereas, by this method of ordering the transportation, such offenders lie several months in gaol after conviction; whereby they are rendered less capable of being useful to the public in the parts of America to which they are sent: for remedy thereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Where his Majesty's mercy shall be extended to any offender, upon condition of transportation,]

That where any offender shall hereafter be convicted of any crimes for which he or she is by law to be excluded the benefit of clergy, and the judge, or justice of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, in any county, city, or place, before whom any such offender shall be convicted or condemned,

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. C. 15. 19

[and the same be signified to the judge by one of the principal secretaries of state, such judge may make order for the immediate transportation of such offender;]

shall grant a reprieve for the staying of execution of such offender, and recommend him or her to his Majesty as a proper object of his Majesty's mercy: if his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, shall be graciously pleased to extend royal mercy to any such offender upon condition of transportation to any part of America, and such intention of mercy shall be signified by one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state to the judge so recommending; it shall and may be lawful for every such judge, or justice of oyer and terminer or gaol-delivery, to make an order for the immediate transportation of every such offender, in the same manner as if such intention of mercy had been signified to him by one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, during the continuance of the assizes at which such offender was condemned; and such order shall be considered as an order made at such assizes or place, and shall be as effectual, to every intent and purpose, and shall have all the same consequences in every respect, as any order for the transportation of any offender made by any justice of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery for such county, city, or place;

---

[who shall thereupon be transferred and made over to the contractor, &c.]

and such offender shall be transferred, conveyed, and made over, to any person who will con- thereupon be trait for the performance of such transportation, and to his and transferred their assigns, for the term of fourteen years* in case such con- to the con-VCf dition of transportation be general; or else for such other term tractor, &c. or terms as shall be made part of such condition, if any particular time be specified by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as aforesaid: and such person or persons so contracting as afore- who shall have said, his or their assigns, by virtue of such order of transfer as a property in feforefatd, shall have a property and interest in the service of the J.hc/er2fe of said offender* for such terms as aforesaid; and such transporta- for the term tien shall have the effect of a pardon under the great seal for for which he such-offender, as to the crime of which he or she was so con- or (he is to be victed: hut if such offender, so ordered for transportation, shall tianfported. he afterwards at large within any part of this kingdom of Great Offenderafter-Britain, without same lawful cause, before the expiration of the yards seen at term for which such offender shall have been ordered to bcjSKin, with-transported; every such person, being thereof lawfully convict- out lawful cd, shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of cause, before clergy; and shall be tried before such judges, and in such man- the expiration ner, and the same evidence made use of for his or her conviction, as are directed, by the laws now in being, for the trial of suffer death; other felons found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for which they were ordered to he transported:

[and the person apprehending and prosecuting such person to conviction, is intitled to 20l. reward, and a certificate.]

and whoever shall discover, apprehend, and prosecute to conviction of felony without benefit of clergy, any such offender so found at large within this kingdom, shall be intitled to the like reward of twenty pounds, and certificate, and in the same manner, as any person may be intitled to for discovering, apprehending, and prosecuting to conviction, any person ordered to be transported, and found at large within this kingdom before the expiration of the term for which such person was ordered to be transported.

20 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 16, 17.

[1767.

CAP. XVI.

An act for making and widening a passage or street from The Salt Market Street, in the city of Glasgow, to Saint Andrew's Church, in the said city; and for enlarging and compleating the church-yard of the said church; and for making and building a convenient exchange or square in the said city; and also for explaining and amending an act passed in the thirty second year of his late Majesty, for improving the navigation of the river Clyde, to the city of Glasgow; and for building a bridge cross the said river, from the said city to the village of Gorbells.

CAP. XVII.

An act to amend an act made in the seventh year of King George the First, intituled An act for regulating the journeymen taylors within the weekly bills of mortality.

[Preamble, reciting act 7 Geo. 1.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for regulating the journeymen taylors within the weekly bills of

mortality; power is given to the Justices of the peace* at their general quarter sessions* within the limits in the said act mentioned* from time to time* upon application being made to them for that purpose*

to take into consideration the plenty or scarcity of the times, and other circumfiancis* and thereupon to alter and regulate the wages and other allowances* directed by the said act to be paid and made to* and the hours for work of journeymen taylors and servants retained or employed in the art or mystery of a taylor* within their respective jurifiiftions; and also to punish all persons not complying with the terms of the said act* of of such rules and regulations* in manner in the said act mentioned: And whereas* by virtue of the power aforesaid* the justices of the peace* at their general quarter sessions* within the city of London and county of Middlesexrespectively* have* from time to time* made orders* rules* and regulations* with respect to the hours of working, and the wages and allowances to be paid and made tojourneymen taylors, and others* as aforesaid\ but doubt sand difficulties having arisen* touching the prosecution of persons offending against the said act* or against the said rules* orders* and regulations* and many fubtildevices having beenprac-tifedin order to evade the said rules* orders* and regulations* the due execution of the said act hath been greatly obstructed: And whereas it is necessary that the said act should in same other respects be explained and amended: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament af-Hours and sembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and workinglimit- a^ter twenty fifth day of March* one thousand seven hun-ed within a dred and sixty eight, the hours of work in the day for servants certaindiftria. or journeymen, to be employed in the bufinefsof a taylor within the city of London* and five miles thereof, shall be from fix of the clock in the morning until seven of the clock in the eve* ning, with an interval of one hour only for refrefhmeftt; and that there shall be paid to every such servant or journeymen to

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 17.

be employed as aforesaid for his work, during the hours aforesaid, the wages or allowances following; that is to say, any sum not exceeding two shillings and seven pence half-penny per diem, except during the space of one calendar month from the publication of any order for a general mourning by the earl marthal, in the London Gazette, and during that space, any sum not exceeding five shillings and one penny halfpenny.

[Penalty on

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any matter taylor, or other person professing, using, or exercising, the art or (^otheabove mystery of a taylor, within the city of London, or within five miles thereof, (nail, after the said twenty fifth day of Manh % give, allow, or pay, or cause, permit, or suffer to be given, allowed, or paid, directly or indirectly, in money, or otherwise, to any servant or journeyman in the business of a taylor, any more or greater wages or allowances than the wages or allowances aforesaid, or such Other wages and allowances as shall hereafter from time to time be ordered and appointed by virtue and iri pursuance of this act; or if any servant, journeyman, or other person, using and following the said business of a taylor, within the limits aforesaid, that is to say, within the city of London, or within five miles* thereof, shall have, receive, accept of, or take, in any manner, directly or indirectly, by himself, or by any other person to his use, any more or greater wages or allowances than as aforesaid, in money or otherwise 5 every person so offending, in any or either of the said cases, and being thereof convicted before any two justices of the peace for the county, city, liberty, town, borough, or franchise, therein the offence shall have been committed, either by consession of the party, or upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oaths the said justices are hereby impowered and required to administer) upon any information made, or prosecution commenced before any such two justices. within their respective jurisdictions, at any time within three months after the committing of such offence, shall be committed to the house of correction for the county or place where the offence shall be committed, by warrant under the hands and seals of such justices, there to be kept to hard la-.bour, or to the common gaol, for any time not exceeding two months, nor less than fourteen days, at the discretion of the said justices.

[Justices im-

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any two justices of the peace powered to within the limits aforesaid, and they are hereby required, onn-^f0rethem formation upon oath made before them, by any person or per- on fafpicion fons whatsoever, that there is reason to suspect that any person or that the above persons using, exercising, or following, the business of a matter regulation taylor, or journeyman taylor, within the limits aforesaid, hath given, paid, allowed, or received, greater wages or allowancestnr 8*than as aforesaid, at the request of such informant, to issue their summons in writing, signed by any such two justices, requiring any clerk, foreman, apprentice, servant, or other person or per-, ions employed or retained by such person so suspected to have Offended, or any other person or persons whatsoever, whole attendance

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 17/

such informant shall think necessary, for the purpose of giving evidence in the premiflps to attend such justices, or some other two justices ailing for such county or place, at a time, and place in such summons to be Specified, to tcflify concerning the premises; and if any such person so fumiponed, shall not attend, and proof shall be made of the service of such, summons, either personally, or by leaving the same at the last or usual place of abode of such person, it shall be lawful for such two justices, or any other two justices of the peace acting for such county pr place, and they are hereby required (unless a rea- fpnable excuse be made for such non-attendance, to the satisfaction of such justices) to issue their warrant under their hands and seals, for the apprehending and bringing him or her before them, or some other two or more justices of the peace ailing for such county or place, to be examined touching the premises in the said information contained; and if any such person (b at-; tending, or being brought before such justices, shall refuse to be examined, or give their testimony touching the premisses in such information contained, such person shall by the said justices be committed to the house of correction, there to remain until he qr (he shall submit to be examined and to give testimony as aforesaid.

IV. And whereas, under the provisions of the said at1 made in the seventh year of the reign of King George the First, it may happen that one and the same rate ofwages and allowances to journeymen taylors, may not be appointed and established within the city ^London and Westminster, and weekly bills of mortality, which would be highly inconvenient and prejudicial to the public \ now to prevent such inconvenience, and to the end that one just and reasonable rate of such wages I and allowances may be established within the city ^London, andfive \ miles therefrom, in future / subject nevertheless to such alterations as \ the exigencies of the times may require; be it enacted by the autho-onsT^ndon a^ore^> That it shall and may be lawful to and for the to make rcgu- mayor> aldermen, and recorder of the city of London for the lations for the time being, at their general quarter sessions, or genera] feflSons future* of the peace assembled, and they are hereby authorized and required, from time to time, upon application being made to them for that purpose, to alter, regulate, order, and appoint, the wages and allowances to be paid or made to journeymen taylors and servants retained or employed, or to be retained or employed, in the art or mystery of a taylor, in the making up mens and womens work within the city of London, or within five miles thereof, and the hours of worK: and shall and may, within the space of fourteen days next after the making every such order, cause the same to be printed, published, and made known, in such manner as to them shall seem meet, at the reasonable expence of the person or persons applying for the finne*and from and after publication thereof, all taylors, and their journeymen and servants, within the limits aforesaid, are here? by ftrilUy required to observe the same, the provisions of the said act of the seventh of King George the First to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. ct 17.

V. Provided always, That advertising such orders of sessions Sufficient no-three times in any two daily news papers published in London ortlce* Westminster^ shall for the purposes of this act be deemed and allowed to be sufficient notice and publication thereof*

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authori- Provisions of

ty aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend,

or be construed to extend, to' fix, controul, or regulate, the Taylors fore-wages or allowances or hours of work, of servants in the said 'men, or work-business of a taylor, bona fidej retained and employed as foremen; ing over

or to hinder the paying or receiving further or other wages or hour# allowances (not exceeding six pence by the hour in times of general mourning, and three pence by the hour at any other time or times) which shall be agreed upon for wbrkiqg before or after the hours of work limited or appointed, or to be limited or appointed as aforesaid, so as such over-work be not at any one time less than one hour, and be actually and bona fide done and performed by such journeyman or servant; and so as such retainer or employments and such agreement or payment, be not made in fraud of, or to elude, the regulations hereinbefore provided with respect to wages, allowances, and hours of working, settled and ascertained, or to be settled and ascertained as aforesaid,

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That front and after the said twenty fifth day of March % one em- thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, if any matter taylor, out of then? or other person professing, using, or exercising, the art or my- mits, to evaxfe fiery of a taylor, residing or inhabiting within the limits afore* the act. said, shall directly or indirectly in any manner whatsoever retain or employ any servant, journeyman, or other person, using or following (he business of a taylor, in or about the making up mens or womens work out of, or beyond, the limits aforesaid, with intent or design to elude or evade this act, and shall give, allow, or pay, or cause to be given, allowed, or paid, directly or indirectly, to such servant or journeyman, any more or greater wages or allowances than the wages or allowances settled and ascertained, or to be settled and ascertained as aforesaid $ every such person shall, for every fych offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be sued for by action of debt, to be brought in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster$ wherein no efibin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed5 and wherein the ordinary costs of the suit shall be paid; one moiety of which said for-< feiture, when recovered, shall belong and be paid to the King's majesty, and his successors, and the other moiet^ to the person who shall sue for the same,

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Persons ag-thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any per- grieved may son convicted before any two justices of the peace as before appeal to the mentioned, to appeal to the justices of the peace assembled at the 2^cr next general quarter sessions, or general sessions, to be held for the county, city, or place, wherein such conviction shall be made, giving1 immediate notice of such appeal, and finding

24 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. iff: [1767.

sufficient security to the satisfodion of such jutices for being personally present at such general quarter feifiotts, or general: sessions, and for profeculting the said appeal with effect, and abiding the judgment of the court; and such iqftices in such: general quarter sessions, or general sessions, shall finally hear and determine the matter, and shall have power to award reasonable costs to either party, as to them shall feera just; and if such conviction shall be affirmed at such general quarter sessions, or general sessions, such appellant shall be committed to prison for the time specified in the said conviction, and until^payment of the cods so to be awarded.

Ration of

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the author.a ons. rity aforesaid. That no action shall be brought against any justice of the peace, constable, headborough, or other officer, or against any other person or persons whomsoever, for any matter or thing whatsoever done or committed under, by. virtue, or in the execution of this act, unless such action shall be brought within six calendar months next aftee the doing or committing of such matter or thing.

General issue.

X. Provided also, That if any action or suit shall hereaifter be cQtnmenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for. any thine done under, by virtue, or in the execution of this act, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this' ad, and the special matter, in evidence; and if the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or suffer discontinuance, or forbear further prosecution, or if judgment shall be given for the defen-Full costs dant or defendants, such defendant or defendants shall recover u s* his, her, pr their full costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have like remedy as in cases where costs by law are given to defendants.

[Publick act.]

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be taken and allowed to be a public act in all courts within this kingdom of Great Britain, and all judges and justices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

[Preamble.]

Most gracious Sovereign.

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty, in this session of parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum herein after-mentioned 5 and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present,parliament

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 18. 25

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Treasury im-it shall and may be lawful to and for the of of his P°*e^ Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or not'exceeding more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, at any ,0o, ooool. time or times before the fifth day of January, one thousand by loans or seven hundred and sixty nine, to cause or direct any loans to be^<^f4acc taken or received at his Majesty's exchequer, from any person b J or persons, natives or foreigners, body or bodies politic or corporate, or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there, for any sum or sums of mciney, not exceeding in loans and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the sum of one million

manner as of

eight hundred thousand pounds; in the same or like manner, the malt aft form, and order, and according to the same or like rules and di- of this session redions, as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, is prescribed* intituled An for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain i^n/or^x-duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year chequer bills one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight) are enacted and pre- thereby au-scribed, concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be taken or too*110]* made in pursuance of the said act, taken or made,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The clauses all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, advan-in.th.efeid tages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the said w last-mentioned act, relating to the loans or exchequer bills authorized to be made by the same ad (except such clauses as do

charge the same on the taxes granted by the same ad, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act, and also except as is herein after mentioned) shall be applied and extend- extended to ed to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of* this act, as fully and efffedually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Exchequer rity aforesaid. That no exchequer bill dr bills to be made out by bll!8/°b^f?f virtue of this act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued Reived again at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the sixth in payment of day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, re- any taxes, ceived or taken, or pass or be current, to any receiver or collector in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or any revenue,

+supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwise or on any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in case the same shall be in due course or order of payment, before

the said sixth day of April; nor shall any such receiver or col- nor exchange

lector exchange, at any time before the said sixth day of April) before 6

for any money, of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies,; n 17

)u$ bands, any exchequer bill or bills winch shall have been

*6

Action not to lie for such eefufal.

The money So raiftd, to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aids; if none be granted before 5 July, 1769, then to be charged on the unking tod.

and paid thereout.

Monies Co issued, to be replaced out of the first supplies.

Bank of England authorized to advance the said sum on the credit of this acte;

notwithstanding ad 5

Anno octavo Georgii III. C 18; [1767.

iffoed as aforesaid by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained against any such receiver or collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money, before the said sixth day of Aprils any thing in the said act made in this preScnt session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Mqcfly certain duties upon mak9 nmm9 cyder^end perry, for the fervko of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty or this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such loans or exchequer bills, together with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, 1 and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the first aids or supplies which shall be granted in the next session of parliament; and in case sufficient aids or supplies, for that purpose, shall not be granted before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, then all the said loans or exchequer bills, with the interest, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such monies as, at any time or times at or after the said fifth day of July9 shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, or the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such monies of the Said sinking fund as are- appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf); and such monies of die laid sinking fund shall and maybe issued and applied, as (bon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such loans or exchequer bills, intered, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off1, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever monies shall be so issued out of the said surplusses, exccflbs, overplus monies, or other revenues, composing the sinking fund, shall, from time to time, be replaced by ami out of the full supplies to be then after granted in parliament; anything herein, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of loan granted by this, aft, any (iim or sums of I money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million eight hundred, thousand pounds; any thing in an act made in the fifth and Sixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Aiary, intituled An act for granting to their Majestm \

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. <?, jg, 20.

several rates and duties upon tonnage of flips and ve£elsy and upon beery ale9 and other liquors, for feeurtng certain recompenses and ad* vantages in the find aft mentioned^ to fuel; persons as flail voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIX.

An act for further continuing an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed in this present session of parliament intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS An act passed in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend and render Act 6 Geo. j. more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act c. S. passed in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; which aB was to continue and be in force, in all his Majesty's dominions in America, from the twenty fourth day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty six9 until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; and which aB was further continued by An act passed in the last session of parliament, until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine s and whereas it has been found necessary that the said aB should be continued for a further term, may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the continued to same. That the said act shall be, and the same is hereby fur-77^arch* ther continued until the twenty fourth day of Marchy one thou- 77

sand seven hundred and seventy.

CAP. XX.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

[Preamble.]

Where the militia is or shall be raised, the receiver general of the county is to issue months pay in advance, according to the establishment of pay here set down; with hair a year's salary to the regimental and battalion clerks; and the allowances to the clerks of the general and subdivision meetings; and pay for cloathing of the militia. The above Turns are not to be paid, if pay has not before been issued, till the Id. lieut, or deputies foall have certified to the treasury and receivers general the inrolment of three fifths of the men and officers. The money is to be paid by the receiver-general to the clerk of the regiment or battalion (except the allowances to the clerks of the meetings) upon producing the warrant of his appointment and for independant companies, to the respective captains, or to their order 3 according to the establishment laid down in the militia act of a Geo. 1* Atfoond payment i*llb to be made within throe month*

after the first j and a third within three months after the second. Receipts of the persons to whom the money shall be so paid, discharge the receivers general. The regimentalsand battalion clerks are to pay in advance one month's pay to the adjutant; and % months pay to each captain, for the serjeants, drummers, and contingent expences of the said company; captain to pay for each man id. per month out of the contingent money, towards charges of the hospital 5 and for the serjeant-major and drum-major; to be paid to the commanding officer of the company to which they belong s captains to distribute the pay accordingly 5 and account for the same yearly to the clerk, or receiver general if an independant company, according to the following form; and pay back the i surplus monies in his hands, except the contingent expences, which is to be accounted for, and applied to the general use of the regiment, &c. Captains of independant companies to distribute the pay to their men, and apply the money allowed for contingent expences. Clerk to retain money in his hands for his own salary. When the Id. lieuts. or deputies shall have fixed the days of exercise, they are to certify the same to the receiver general, specifying the number of men, and days they shall be absent from home. Receiver general to issue thereupon pay for officers*and men to the regimental clerk, &c. Where there mail be independant

companies only, the receiver general is to issue pay to the captains, according to the rate here set down. Clerk to pay over the money to the respective captains. Captains to make up their Account according to the i following form; to be signed by them, and countersigned by the commanding officer, and delivered, with the balance, to the clerk, or receiver general. Accounts allowed sufficient vouchers. During the time the troops are embodied, and called out into actual service, and receive pay as*the King's other forces, all pay and allowances from the receivers general is to cease. Receivers general to pay the allowances to clerks of the general meetings, and to the clerks, of the subdivision meetings, upon producing orders from the lieutenant or dep. lieutenants. Orders to discharge receivers general. Regimental and battalion clerks to give security i for paying and accounting for the monies received by them$ the bonds to be lodged with the receivers general, and put in suit by them on non- performance of the condition $ and they are intitled thereupon to full

cods and charges, and 5!. per cent, of the money recovered; the residue to be accounted for to the auditor. The regimental and battalion clerks, ! and captains of independant companies, are to deliver in accounts of their receipts and disburiements, and pay over the balance to' the receivers general s who are to transmit the accounts into the auditor's office. Recovery of penalties, &c. No fee payable for any warrant or sum of money'. issued in pursuance of this act Officers on half-pay serving in the militia,

may receive the subsistence-money payable to lieutenants or ensigns^ they taking the following oath before a justice. The oath. Receiver general upon receiving a warrant from the commanding officer, certifying, the receipt of the cloathing, and an order for payment, is to pay the same accordingly. If any regiment, &c. shall cease, 3 s. per diem is to be paid to the adjutant from such time to5 March, 1769.

Recites aft 6 Geo* $.

CAP. XXI.

An act for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and for preventing obstructions and annoyances within the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and for repealing an act made in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign for those purposes.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the sixth year of his present Majestfs reign, certain commijfmers are appointed for the better paving, tkanfsng, and enlightemng, the city of London, mi

*9

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. C. 21;

the liberties thereof \ and for preventing obstructions and annoyances within the fatney and for other purposes therein mentioned j and certain powers are thereby granted to the said of to enablb them to carry the said act into execution: and whereas the said act hath been found to be defective in many respects, and further powers have been found wanting, without which the good purposes aforesaid cannot be effectuated: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and Pr vsfthig after the passing of this act, the foie power and authority of pitching, paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the streets, lanes, nayer, com* squares, \ yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, within the monalty, and said city of London, and liberties thereof, shall be and the lame citizens, of is hereby veiled in the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, -ondoiu«of the said city, to be executed by such persons as by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council assembled (by virtue and in pursuance of an act of parliament made in the twenty second and twenty third years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the better paving and cleansing the streets and sewers in and about the city of London) now are, or hereafter from time to time shall be, authorized and appointed by them, to be of of the sewers for the said city and liberties, or by any seven or more of them; which said persons, so from time to time authorized and appointed to be of of the sewers for the said city and liberties, shall be, and theyare hereby constituted of for carrying this act into execution.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Provifc the authority of the said of for the time being shall

in no wife be suspended or taken away, save by the appointment from time to time of new of of the sewers for the said city and liberties. v a a

III. Provided also, That the recorder and common serjeant

of the said city of London, for the time being, shall be, and they jeant of London, are hereby constituted and appointed two of the of, shall be for carrying this act into execution. commission-

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby farther enacted and de-dared. That all the powers and authorities by this act granted

to, or veiled in, the said of hereby constituted as by the aforesaid, shall and may, from time to time, be exercised by major part of the major part of such of them as shall attend at any publick^he«>miniJr meeting of the said of, to be holden as herein after a^a^pubhdt mentioned, the number of the said of present at meeting, such publick meeting, not being less that! seven (except for the purpose of adjourning); and all acts, orders, and proceedings, of the major part of the said of present at such publick meeting, shall have the same force and effect as if done or made by all the of constituted by this act.

£9 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. at.

[1767.

Firftpablkk

V. And it is hereby further declared and en&cted, That the meeting. first publick meeting of the said of, to be had by virtue of and under this act, shall be at such time and place at the mayor of the said city shall think proper to order and ap* point: and the said mayor is hereby directed to order and apn point such first publick meeting to be held on or before the first day of /tpril next, and to cause the said comtniflhxiers to bi summoned to attend the same.

Power to ad-

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That it !* shall and may be lawful to and for the major part of the said of present at Rich first publick meeting, or at any subsequent publick meeting of the said of (the number so attending not being less than three) to adjourn such publick meeting to any future day and time, and to any place Within the said city and liberties.

Provift.

VII. Provided always, That every commissioner shall have

notice to attend at such adjourned publick. meeting, by the usual summons from the clerk to the said of.

Mayor to ap-

VIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and

ent a pub-" declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the mayor meeting, of the said city for the time being, from time to time, to appoint a publick meeting of the said of, at any time and place he shall judge proper for the execution of this act. notwithstanding any adjournment or non-adjournment of the said of, and shall cause the said of to be summoned to.attend the same. '

Commission-

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said com-, ers to appoint missioners shall and may, from time to time, at any of their dcrks. said publick meetings, eleA and appoint one or more clerk or clerks, and one or more surveyor or surveyors, and also such and so many other officers as they shall find necessary for the due execution of this act (fourteen days notice of their intention to proceed to sucheleAion or appointment having been first printed and published in two or more of the daily news papers, and notice thereof being also expfefled in the summons for such publick meeting) and the said of shall take such security as they shall think proper for the due execution of such respective offices; and shall and may, from time to time, remove any of the said officers at their will and pleasure, and appoint others in the room of such as shall die, or be removed as aforesaid: and the said of shall and may, out of the monies arising or to arise by virtue of this act, appoint and pay such salaries, gratuities, and allowances, as they shall judge reasonable, to such officers, and to all such. other persons, as shall have been, or shall be employed in, or aiding and assisting about, the execution of this a A.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any clerk, surveyor* or other officer or servant, who shall be employed by the said of in the execution of this a A, or any part thereof, shall exaA, demand, take, or accept, any fee, gratuity, or reward whatsoever (other than such salaries, allowances, and

rewards,

To prevent clerks, &c. taking any fees.

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2 1. j*

reward*, as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of, by the laud of) for or on account of any thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this act; or for forbearing to do any thing hereby, or by the said of, directed to be done, or on any account whatsoever, relative to the execution or neri-execution of this act; or shall any way be concerned in interest in any bareain made, or to be made, by the said of, for any of the purposes intended by this act; every person so offending, shall, from thenceforth, for ever be incapable of being employed under this act, and shall, over and above, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or within the said city, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within six calendar months next after the offence committed; in which action or suit no protection, essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the acts, or- For entering ders, and proceedings, of the said of, at their said proceedings, publick meetings, from time to time, shall be entered in a book

or books to be kept for that purpose by the said of, and shall be signed by their clerk for the time being, and such entries shall be deemed and taken to be the original orders and proceedings of the said of; and such book or books shall and may be produced and read in evidence in all courts whatsoever.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said com- Allowing per-

missioners may, and they are hereby authorized add impowered^ r°ns not. free from time to time, to employ under them any fit person or per- the ?ty

fons, whether free of the said city or not, in or about the pav- cmp oyc

ing, repairing, keeping in repair, and cleansing, all or any of

the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages and places, within the said city and liberties, and in and about the enlightening of the same, and in and about the several work& hereby directed to be performed; and to contract for the performance of the said works* or any of them, with any person or persons whatsoever, in such manner as the said of shall think fit: and that no person or persons who shall be so employed or contracted with, nor any person or persons to be set to work by or under them, or any of them,

shall, for any act done or to be done in or about any of the works aforesaid, be subject or liable to any action, indictment, or information, upon the Statute made in the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act containing divers orders for artificers, labourers*, servants of husbandry, and apprentices; or be liable to be filed for any breach of the custom of London, or for any penalties inffided by any by-law of the said city.,

XIII. Provided always, That previous to the making of For giving any such contract, notice shall be given in some of the daily notice of news papers, that the said of do intend to make contra<ag* such contract, and that all persons willing to engage therein

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21.

[1767.

may make proposals to the said of at a certain time and place in every such notice to be specified j and all contracts made, or to be made, in/ consequence of such notice, shall specify the several works to be done, and the price or prices to be paid for the same, and the time or times when the said works are to be completed, together with the penalties to be incurred in case of the non-performance thereof; and the same shall be signed by the clerk for the time being of the said of, as also by the person or persons contracting to perform such works respectively, and shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the said commifii'oners.

No member of

XIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That the common no person, being a member of the court of common council of c0000*! to be the said city, shall be directly or indirectly interested or con-anyCcontrat cernec*n any contract which shall be made or entered into by y*or on behalf of the said of, for or concerning any

of the said works to be carried on or performed in pursuance of this act, or for or concerning any materials to be used or employed therein, upon pain that every such contract shall be null and void; and that the person who, being, a member of the said court, and shall be so interested or concerned therein, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within six calendar months next after the offence committed; in which action or suit respectively, no protection,

N efioin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and every person against whom the said penalty shall be recovered, shall, for ever thereafter, be disabled from being elected a member of the said court of common council.

For paving

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That, the said com-streets. miffi oners may cause all or any of the said streets, lanes, squares,

yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, to be new paved or repaired, when and as osten, and in such manner, and with such materials, as the said of shall think fit$ and for such purposes may, from time to time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into, 'the same, or any of them, such gravel, (tones, and other materials, as they shall judge necessary; and may likewise cause the ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the course of the channels running in or through the same to be turned or altered, and the water pipes which now lie, or hereafter shall be laid, underground, to be taken up and new laid in such places, manner, and form, as they the said of shall judge best; and may cause such posts as they shall think useless or inconvenient to be taken up and removed, and likewise all steps, bulks, (hew-glasses, and (hew-boards, encroaching upon the foot-ways, as also all steps and doors opening or leading from the foot-ways'into vaults or cellars, to be removed or altered.

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2u 33

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, Th*t the said com- For taking tnissioners shall and may cause ail signs, or other emblems,wjg uied to den6te the trade, occupation, or calling, of any person°' or persons, sign-posts, figri-irons, pent-houses, /hew-boards, spouts, and gutters, projecting into any the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, and all other encroachments, projections, and annoyances whatsoever, within the said city or liberties, to be taken down and removed; and shall cause all signs, or other emblems, as aforesaid, /hew-boards, and gutters, or such parts thereof as they shall think fit, to be affixed or placed on the fronts of the houses, ihops, ware* houses, dr buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, or were befordaffixed, and not otherwise; and shall return.or cause to be returned, to the respective owners, so much of such signs, or other emblems, sign* polls, or other pods, sign-irons, /hew-boards, spouts, and gutters, as shall not be affixed or put Up, or otherwise made, use of, in the alterations directed by this act; and that, for the future, all signs, sign-boards, and gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the fronts of the houses, (hops, warehouses, or buildings, to which, they respectively belong, and not otherwise: and if any person or persons shall, at any time hereafter, hang, place, erect, or build, any sign, sign-poit, or other post, sign-iron, pent-house, shew-board, /pout, gutter, or other projection, obstruction, or annoyance, or cause the same to be done, contrary to the direction aforesaid; every per-fpn so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay 'die sum of five pounds, and the further sum of twenty shillings for every day such offence shall continue.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Directing that

That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or per- j*a"es fliar, r fons to keep any crane or cranes already fixed up against any^the^waUa warehouse or warehouses, within the said city and liberties of

thereof, or to affix any crane or cranes to such warehouse or houses. warehouses, and to make use of such crane or cranes, so as such

crape or cranes he turned and kept close to the walls of such warehouse or warehouses when not in actual use; any thing ih this act, or any former law, ciiffom, or Statute, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And, for the more speedy removal of sundry nufances and Directing that obstructions in the said city and liberties, it is hereby further enacted, That if, after the twenty fifth day of March next, any com- th* m.mon stage waggon or other waggon, or any cart, dray, or other above one carriage, shall, for the purpose of loading or unloading the hour, same* or any part thereof, be suffered to (land or continue in any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, above the space of one hour at any one time; or if any cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, shall be placed and suffered to stand athwart or across any such street, lane, square, yard, court, alley, passage, or place, for the loading or unloading thereof, or for any other purpose whatsoever; or if any such cart, waggon, dray, or.other carriage, shall be suffered to (land

Anno octavo Georgii III. C. ti.

or continue in any pert of such streets, lasses, fqumts, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, longer than is necessary for the loading or unloading thereof; or if any goods, materials, or things whatsoever, shall be laid or placed, and left in any such street, lane, square, yard, court, alley, paffrge, or place, so as to obstruct the free palfags thereof; then, and in every such. v case, any one of the said commissioners, or any aim.of their officers to be by tFfen* appointed to remove aufances, shall and may seize, or cause to be seized, the ft age waggon, cart, waggon, dray, or other Carriage, so placed, or fuaered ta ftahd or Continue, contrary to the true meaning of this act, together with the horse or horses thereunto belonging, or the goods, am* terials, or things, so laid or placed, and left as aforesaid, and remove the same, or cause the fame-to be.removed* to the common pound of the said city, commonly called The Green Yard, there to Be kept and detained until the owner, or owners thereof, or his, her, or their known servant or servants, shall and do claim the same, and pay to the person or periods in whose custody the same shall then be, the sum of twenty shillings, together jvith the charges of removing and keeping the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said film, of twenty shillings and charges paid, within the space of three days next after such seizure, it shall and* may be lawful to and for the said of to cause the same to be apparaised and fold, and the monies arising therefrom shall be applied to the purposes of this act.

For prevent-

XIX. And it is hereby further eiiaftdd, That if any person or ing buildings persons whatsoever shall erect' or build, or cause to be erected Si the^ftrsets or any polls, bars, rails, boards, or other things, by way*of enclosure, for the purpose of making mortar, or depositing bricks, lime, or other materials, for building on repairing any houses, buildings, or other works* within the said city or libera-ties, in any other manner, or (halt suffer the same, to remain for any longer time, than shall be necessary for such building or repairs; or shall lay any rubbish within such enclosure, or on the outside thereof. Or near thereto; and complaint thereof shall be made to the said of by any two hou (holders of the said city or liberties, and the said of shall, upon view, or other due proof of the matter of the said com-> plaint, find the same so be true; then, and in every such case,

the person or persons erefttog and building, such enclosure, and suffering the same to remain longer than shall be necessary as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty shillings; and moreover, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of to cause such enclosure ocereftfon to be pulled down and removed* and the materials thereof, as aWb all bricks, mortar, lime, or other valuable things contained within the fanje, or thereto belonging, to be depofired in the Green Yard aforesaid there to be kept and detained until the owner or owners thereof, or his, her, or their known servant or fervanis, shall and do pay, to the person or persons in whose custody the same

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. a*.' ^5

shall be* the charges of pulling down and removing the same; and in case the same shall not be claimed* and the mid charges.paid* within the space of eight days next after such seizure thereof* it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of to order the same to be appraised and fold* and the money arising therefrom shall be applied to the purposes of this act: and the said of are further authorized to remove such rubbish to such place as they shall think convenient; and every person laying such rubbish, or causing or procuring the same to be laid* within or on the outside, or near to such enclosure* (halt forfeit a sum not exceeding treble the value of the cods of removing the same.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted* That no person or No lime shall persons whatsoever shall flake lime in the foot-way or carriage- be flaked in

way of any of the said streets, lanes, squares* yards* courts, al- Je streets» lies, passages* or places* or in any house or houses within the*' same; upon pain that every person so offending shall, for every such offence* forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

XXI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall But not to re-be confftrued to restrain any bricklayer or plaiflerer from flaking tftrain brick-lime within the yards or cellars of houses which shall be new terersto^ake building or repairing* or within the yards or cellars belonging; n the cellars to the dwelling-hQufeofany such bricklayer or plaisterer, so that of houses new the fleam of such lime be conveyed into and through the chim- building or Hey of such house respectively; and that no lime be flacked in repaying, any cellar or yard* after the hour of (even of the clock in the morning from Lady-day to Michaelmas, nor after the hour of

eight or the clock in the morning from Michaelmas to Lady-day 5 and if any lime shall be flaked contrary to the directions of this act, every person so offending shall* for each offence* forfeit the sum of forty shillings.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- For preventions shall for the future carry, run, drive, draw, or cause to be ing damage carried* run, driven* or drawn, on any of the foot-payments the^oo^avt^ within the said city or liberties* any bier, or any wheel or wheels, ment fledge, wheel-barrow* or other carriage whatsoever; or shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive* any horse* aft, mule, or other cattle

coach or other carriage whatsoever, upon any part of the said foot-pavements; then* and in any of the said cases, and so often as they or any of them shall happen* it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever, who shall fee.any such offence committed* to seize, and also for any othdr person or persons to assist in seizing, such offender or offenders, and by the authority of this act* and without any other warrant, to convey or deliver him, her* or them, into the custody of a peace officer* in order to be secured and conveyed, before Tome justice of the peace of the said city; and the party or parties accused being brought before him, such justice shall proceed to examine* upon oath* any witness or witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give information touching such offence (which the said justice is hereby authorized and required to administer*)

Da and

For fixing up the name of the street, &c.

' For preventing alterations in ti)e form the streets.

Commissioners to fix the places where hackney coaches are to Hand or ply.

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21.

[1767.

and if the party lor parties accused shall be convicted of any such offence, either by his, her, or their own confession, or upon such information as aforesaid, he, she, or they, so convicted, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings for the first time of offending 5 the sum of twenty shillings for the second time of offending; and the sum of forty shillings for the third and every other time of offending.

XXIII. And it is hereby futher enabled. That the said of shall and may cause to be painted, engraved, or described, in done, or other wise, and to be affixed in a conspicuous part of one or more house or houses, building or buildings, at or near each end. Corner, or entrance, of each of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, the name, by which each respective street, lane, square, yard, court, alley, passage, or place, is properly or usually called or known; and may also cause every house, (hop, or warehouse, in each of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, to be marked or numbered in such manner as they shall judge most proper for distinguishing the same; and if any person or persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, pull down, obliterate, or deface, any such names, def-criptions, marks, or numbers, or any part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That no person or persons shall, without authority from the said of, alter or cause to be altered, the form of the pavement of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, which shall be new paved or repaired by the said of, or in any way incroach thereupon, upon pain that every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds over and above the expence of relaying and reinstating the same according to the directions of the said commissioners; the said forfeitures and expence$ to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, in the name of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city of London, to be commenced within six calendar months next after the commission of such offence; in which action or suit, no protection, essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXV. And whereas many hackney coaches have fixed their Jlands, and do-ply at improper places, within the said city, and liberties therer of, whereby great obstructions and annoyances are occasioned, and merer over, persons wanting to hire such coaches, are jrequentiy obliged to fetch the same frotjt inconvenient difiances: And whereas it would be of great benefit to the said city, as well as of convenience to persons having occahon to hire such coaches; if the said of were veiled with the power of fixing the Jlands thereof at more proper places, be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of,

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c.t. 57

from time to time, by writing under their hands and seals, or the hands and seals of three or more of them, to be publickly affixed in Tome conspicuous part of the Guildhall of the said city, to direct and order at what place or places respectively, within the said city, and the liberties thereof, any hackney coach or coaches shall stand and be plied, and how many coaches shall be plied at each stand; and if the driver of any such coach or coaches shall suffer the same to stand, and shall ply at any other place or places than according to the order and directions of the said of, to be notified as aforesaid; or if any driver shall suffer any such coach or coaches to be and continue at or upon any (lands, after the number allowed by the said of to stand and be plied at the same (lands respectively shall be complete; then the owner or driver of every such coach or coaches shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That after the ex- For repairing piration of twelve calendar months next after the passing of this bad pavc- act, if any two housekeepers within the said city and liberties

shall make complaint in writing, under their hands, to the said of, of any defect, or want of repair, in any of the pavements of any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, either before or after the same shall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this all $ then, and in every such case, the said of shall forthwith cause the pavement so complained of to be inspected by their surveyor; and if the same shall by him be found defe&iye, and so reported to be to the said of, unless such defect shall appear to arise from a defedi in the water-pipes lying un- t

der such pavement, they the said of shall forthwith give orders to their contradlo^ or contractors, pavior or paviors, to repair the same: and if the contractor or pavior of the said of, to whom such order shall be given, shall not, within four days next after the receipt thereof, repair the said defedlive pavement; then, and in every such case, the said contractor or pavior shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings for everyday that the said defective pavements shall remain un* repaired after the expiration of the said four days.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and so up

often as any pipe or pipes, belonging to any of the water com- ^VrTthe wa-panies who furnish any part of the said city and liberties with ter pipes are water, and which now lie, or shall hereafter be laid, under broken.

S'round, in any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, al-eys, passages, or places, shall happen to break, burst, or decay, so as to require reparation; the surveyor of the said of for the time being, or such other person or persons as the said of shall appoint for that purpose, shall forth-, with give, or cause to be given; notice thereof in writing, to thd pavior of the water company to whom he apprehends the said pipe or pipes to belong; who is hereby required to take up the said pavement, and open the ground at or near the place where

Anno octavo Georgii III. C. 2K [1767.

such reparation shall appear to be wanting: and if the said pa — vror shall, upon taking up such pavement, and bpening such. ground, discover that the pipe or pipes so broken, burst, or decayed, does not, or do not, belong to the said water company whose pavior he is; then and in every such case, he shall forthwith give, or cause to be given, notice thereof, in writing, to the pavior of the company to xwho in the said pipe or.pipes shall appear to belong; in which case such last-mentioned pavior is hereby required, upon demand, to make satisfaction for the taking up such pavement, and opening such ground, to the pavior giving notice as aforesaid; and the pavior of such water company, to whom the said pipe or pipes shall belong, is Hereby required to cause or procure the said pipe or pipes to be repair* ed, and afterwards to fill up the said ground, and ram down tire same, within two days next after such notice to him given; ami as soon as such pipe shall have been so repaired, and the ground so filled up and rammed down, he shall give, or Cause tb be given, notice thereof, in writing, to the pavior or ceritra&or for the time being of the said of: and if the pavior of any of the said water companies, to or for whom fudh notice shall be given, or left at his place of abode, shall, by the ipace of two days next after the giving or leaving such'notice as afore* feid, refuse or neglect to take up such pavement, and open such ground; or if upon discovering that the pipe or pipes so broken, burst, or decayed, doth not, or do not, belong to the company whose pavior he is, he shall refuse or neglect to give immediate notice thereof in writing to the pavior of the company to whom she said pipe or pipes doth or do belong; or if the pavior of the water company, to whom such pipe or pipes shall belong, shall, by the space of two days next after such notice given to him, or left at his last place of abode, refuse or neglect to cause or pro* cure such pipe Or pipes to be amended and repaired, or afterwards to fill up the ground so taken up, or to give such immediate notice of his having so done, to the pavior or contractor of the said of for the time being; then, and in every such case, the person or persons so respectively refuting or ne* glecting shall, for every such offence, severally forfeit and payUte (urn of five pounds: and if any pipe or pipes not belonging to any of the water companies, shall happen to break, burst, or decay, as aforesaid, in any of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places; then, and in every such case, the respective bwner or owners thereof shall forthwith cause the ground over the same to be qpened, and such pipe or pipes to be repaired, and notice thereof in Writing to be given to the clerk for the time being of the said of, or in case of refusal or neglect so to do, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fom of five pounds: and if any pavement shall be broken or taken up for the purpose of mxking, rep&iring, or altering any vault or drain, or for any other purpose whatsoever; then, and in every such case, the person or persons so breaking or WkirJg up the fmdipavtment, oroairftogthe same to be fabrokeq

39

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. ti?

or taken up, shall as soon as the nature of the work will permit, cause the ground to be filled up, and notice thereof in writing to be given to the clerk for the time being of the said commis-(loners; or, in case of refusal or negleS so to do, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings; and the said clerk of the said coounissioners; shall forthwith, upon every such notice as aforesaid given to him, or left at his lad place of abode,

Sranfou*inch notice, or cause the lame to betransmittecL, to the pavior or oemradtor of the said of for the time being; and if the/aid clerk (hallrefuie or neglect, by the space of two days next after any such notice as aforesaid given to him, or left at his la# place of abode, to transmit such notice, or cause such tfo-rice to be traofiaakted, so the said pavior or contractor for the time being of the said of; or if such pavior or contractor, So whom any such notice as aforesaid shall be so trans-jxMtted, shall, by the space of two days next after the transmitting of such notice to him as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to relay and repair the pavement so broken up; then, and in every foph case, the person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the fern of twenty shillings for every day such pavement (hsdl continue unrelayed or unrepaired after the expiration of the said two days*

XXVIIII. Provided always, That if it shall happen that at where there any time there shall be no regular or fixed appointment of a pa- is no fixed vior of any of the water companies, in that case such notice as pavior, notice aforesaid shall be delivered to, or left at, the office of the clerk or at

secretery of such company respectively, who shall, in evefy such ny's office/ case, be fuhstituted in the room of such pavior, to all the intents and purposes aforesaid.

XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That the several Directing the and respective paviors now employed, or hereafter to be em- ^e^com1 ploved, by the said water companies respectively, within the said nies^og^no-city or liberties thereof, shall, within the space of thirty days tice of their next after the patting of this act, or within three days next after names, &c. they shall be respectively appointed paviors to such company or companies, give notice in writing to the clerk for the time being of the said ^oronuffioners, of their respective names and places of abode, and of the name of the respective company whose paviors they are, and of the respective district to which they arc appointed; and in like manner the clerk for the tkne being of the said of shall, within the respective times aforesaid, give notice to the respective paviors of the said several water companies of the names and plaoes of abode of the pavior or paviors, contractor or contractors, for th e time being, of the said commissioner?; and if any of the said paviors, or the dork of the said of for the time befog, shall neglect to give such notice within the respective times aforesaid, each of them shall* for overy fcch offence, severally forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings.

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and

40 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21.

[1767.

Water com

declared. That the charges and expences of relaying the pave-paniest0 P8? ment which shall be broken, or taken up for the purposes of re-of jiewP!ayfng Pairing or amending any such pipe or pipes, shall be reimbursed pavement, and paid to the said of, or to such person as they when the shall appoint to receive the same, by the clerk or treasurer for

pip? ar the time being of the respective water companies to whom fufch

pro en, &c. pjpC or pjpCS (han belong; or if the same shall not belong to any of the said water companies, then by the respective owner or owners thereof; and the charges and expences of relaying*the* pavement which shall be broken or taken up for the purposes of new making, repairing, ' altering, cleansing or emptying, any fewer, drain, or vault, or of making any new or additional grates, or of repairing and altering any old grates, shall be defrayed and paid by and out of some rate or rates to be made or assessed by virtue or in pursuance of the said act of the twenty second and twenty third years of the reign of King 1 Claries the Second; or by the person or persons who shall take ! tip the said pavement, or any part thereof, or cause the same to be taken up for any of the purposes aforesaid: and if such clerk or treasurer to any of the said water companies, or the respective owner or owners of such pipe or pipes, liable to reimburse and pay such charges and expences, shall refute or neglect to pay the same within ten days next after demand thereof, in writing, signed by the clerk of the said of, and left at their respective dwelling-houses or last places of abode, together with a bill to be annexed to such demand, containing an account of such charges and expences; then, and in every tech case, the money so expended shall and may be recovered oy the said of of and from the person or persons so liable thereto, by action or actions of debt, bill, plaint, or informa* tien, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster^in the name of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the said city of London, to be commenced withm three calendar months next after tech demand respectively; in which action or suit no pffoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one impart Jance, shall be allowed.

Expence of

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is-hereby further enadt-alteration of^That if at any time it shall be found necessary for the pur-b^defrwd' P°fes Qcw or altering the pavement, of any of the said

out of the streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, dr places, monies of the to raise, fink, or any otherwise alter the position of, any of the pipes or plugs laid down or placed by any of the said water companies, or by any other person or persons whatsoever, the pharges attending the same (h % ll be paid out of the monies arising, or to arise, by virtue of this adh For procuring XXXII. And for the more eastly obtaining of water in cases of water in tim.es fire, it is hereby further enacted, That the teverai water co(n-of fire. panies, who shall tepply any of the inhabitants of the said city Names of the with water, shall, from time to time, within the space of four-tnrnpocfcs tp Jeep (jays aftpr the passing of this act, or witfrifl fevep days after

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21. 41

the appointment of any turncock or turncocks, give notice, in be delivered writing, to, the said of, of the names and places ofin* abode of their respective turncocks, distinguishing the districts to which they respectively belong; and if any of the said com* penalty for panies shall neglect' to give such notice within the times aforesaid, every negfed they shall, for every such neglect, forfeit the sum of forty fhil*. therein, lin^s; and the said of shall, and they are hereby required yearly to cause to be printed and distributed through eve* ry ward within the said city and liberties, to and amongst the several housholders within the same, a list of the names and places of abode of the several turncocks of the district or districts within which every such ward respectively shall lie.

XXXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said For watering of shall have full power and authority to cause the the streets. said streets to be watered as often as they shall think fit; and

also to cause any well or wells to be dug and funk in such places as they shall think proper; and also any pump or pumps to be eredtea in or near such places f and also any pumps now (landing for the purpose of watering the said streets, or for any other purpose, to be removed or altered, and to defray the expences thereof out of the monies to be raised by virtue of, and for the purposes of, this adh -

XXXIV. And, for the more effectually cleansing and keeping clean For making the said Jireets, lanes, squares, yardi, courts, alleys, passages, tftfrfdull-holes, places, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, c*

That it (hall(and may be lawful to and for the said of

to cause any number of moveable or fixed dust-boxes, dust-holes, or conveniencies, wherein dust and ashes, or other filth, may bedeposited for the scavengers or rakers, to be erected and placed in such parts of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, as they shall judge necessary; and all and every the occupier and occupiers of houses or tenements within the said city and liberties are hereby required daily, and every day, to cause all their dust, ashes, ' and other filth, to be deposited in the said dust-boxes, dust-holes, or other conveniencies, or else to keep the same in their respective houses or tenements, with the appurtenances, until the same shall be removed" and carried away by the respective rakers, to be in this behalf appointed: and in case any such occupier of any house or tenement within the said city or liberties shall deposit, or cause or permit to be deposited, any ashes, dust, or other filth, in any part of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, pa(-(ages, and places, except in some of the dust-holes, dust-boxes, or other conveniencies, (o to be erected or made as aforesaid; then the person so offending shall, for every such offence, for* feit and pay the sum of temlhillings.

XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That every occu* For cleansing pier of any house or tenement within the said city and liberties, foot-ways, and (in respect of houses.lett to inmates) every house owner,

shall once in every day, between the hours of eight and ten of fhc c)ock in the forenoon of each day, (crape, sweep, and clean fe,

the

3*

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21.

[1 j6jl

may make propofalsto the said coirimissioners at a certain time and place in every such notice to be specified $ and all contracts made, or to be made, in'consequence of such notice, shall specify the several works to be done, and the price or prices to be paid for the same, and the time or times when the said works are to be completed, together with the penalties to be incurred in case of the non-performance thereof; and the same shall be signed by the clerk for the time being of the said of, as also by the person or persons contracting to perform such works respectively, and shall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the said commissi'oners.

No member of XIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That the common no person, being a member of the court of common council of council to be the said city, shall be directly or indirectly interested or con-an^contrai? cerne<* in any contract which shall be made or entered into by y*or on behalf of the said of, for or concerning any

of the said works to be carried on or performed in pursuance of this act, or for or concerning any materials to be used or employed therein, upon pain that every such contract shall be null and void; and that the person who, being, a member of the said court, and shall be so interested or concerned therein, shall, f6r every such offence, forfeit and pay the (urn of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within six calendar months next after the offence committed; in which action or suit respectively, no protection, v efioin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and every person against whom the said penalty shall be recovered, shall, for ever thereafter, be disabled from being elected a member of the said court of common council.

For paving XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said com-

streets. missioners may cause all or any of the said streets, lanes, squares,

yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, to be new paved or repaired, when and as osten, and in such manner, and with such materials, as the said of shall think fit; and for such purposes may, from time to time, cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of, or brought into, 'the same, or any of them, such gravel, (tones, and other materials, as they shall judge necessary; and may likewise cause the ground thereof to be raised or lowered, the course of the channels running in or through the same to be turned or altered, and the water pipes which now lie, or hereafter shall be laid, underground, to be taken up and new laid in such places, manner, and form, as they the said of shall judge bed; and may cause'such posts as they shall think useless or inconvenient to be taken up and removed, and likewise< all steps, bulks, (hew-glasses, and (hew-boards, encroaching upon the foot-ways, as also all steps and doors opening or leading from the foot-ways into vaults or cellars, to be removed or altered.

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2 r*: 33

XVI. And it is hereby farther enacted, That the said com- For taking tnifftoners shall and may cause all signs, or other emblems,

used to denbte the trade, occupation, or calling, of any person p°x or persons, sign-pods, figri-irons, pent-houses, (hew-boards,

(pout?, and gutters, projecting into any the said dreets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, and all other encroachments, projections, and annoyances whatsoever, within the said city or liberties, to be taken down and removed; and shall cause all signs, or other emblems, as aforesaid, (hew-boards, and gutters, or such parts thereof as they shall think fit, to be affixed or placed on the fronts of the houses, lhops, ware* houses, Or buildings, whereunto they respectively belong, or were before affixed, and not otherwise; and shall re turn.or cause to be returned, to the respective owners, so much of such signs, or other emblems, sign* pods, or other pods, sign-irons, (hew-boards, spouts, and gutters, as shall not be affixed or put Up, or otherwise made, use of, in the alterations directed by this act; and that, for the future, all signs, sign-boards, and gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the fronts of the houses, (hops, warehouses, or buildings, to which, they respectively belong, and not otherwise: and if any person or persons shall, at any time hereafter, hang, place, ereCfc, or build, any sien, sign-pod, or other pod, lign-iron, pent-house, (hew-board, (pout, gutter, or other projection, obdruction, or annoyance, or cause the same to be done, contrary to the direction aforesaid; every per-fpn so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay ihe sum of five pounds, and the further sum of twenty shillings for every day such offence shall continue*

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Directing that That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or per- cranes shall fons to keep any crane or cranes. already fixed up against any ^thcPwCiia warehouse or -warehouses, within the said city and liberties of War^*thereof, or to affix any crane or cranes to such warehouse or houses. warehouses, and to make use of such crane or cranes, so as such

crape or cranes be turned and kept close to the walls of such warehouse or warehouses when not in actual use; any thing in this act, or any former law, cudom, or datute, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And, for the more speedy removal of sundry nufances and Directing that obstructions in the said city and liberties, it is hereby further enact- jj.°, 71gg5n-ed. That if, after the twenty fifth day of March next, any com- street m

mon dage waggon or other waggon, or any cart, dray, or other above one carriage, shall, for the purpose of loacting, or unloading the hour, same, or any part thereof, be suffered to dand or continue in any of the said dreets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, or places, above the space of one hour at any one time; or if any cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, shall be placed and suffered to dand athwart or across any such dreet, lane, square, yard, court, alley, passage, or place, for the loading or unloading thereof, or for any other purpose whatsoever; or if any such cart, waggon, dray, or.other carriage, shall be suffered to dand Vm.XJCVIII. D or

For paying'#e money collected into the chamberlain's office.

Collectors to deliver in an account in writing under their hands.

Anna octavo Georgii III. c. a t; [1767.

in their ward, in proportion to the yearly relit of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments respectively, as the same shall be fricertained and rated in the rat? or affeument towards the land tax; then, and in every such case, upon comolaint thereof made by any inhabitant of the said city to the said of, they are hereby authorised and required forthwith to appoint a day for hearing such complaint; and the party or parties complaining shall give three days notice at the least of the day so appointed, to the alderman of the ward to which such complaint shall relate, or to his deputy; and such notice having been given, the said commissionera shall and may proceed to hear and determine such complaint; and for that purpose shall and may fumtnon witnesses before them, and examine such witnesses upon oath; which oath the said commissioners are hereby authorized and impowered to administer; and if the said commissionera shall judge the matter of such complaint to be tFue, they shall make such alterations in the said rat? or assessment as mail be just.

LXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That every collector of the rates and affeflmenta aforesaid shall, from time to rime, pay the monies arising therefrom, as he shall receive the same, to the chamberlain of the said city of L/ndm for the rime being\ and upon every such payment, the said chamberlain, or one of his elerka, shall, without fee or reward, sign and give receipts in writing to such collector, expressing his name, the sum paid, and the name of the ward to which th? said collector shall belong; and if such collector shall at any time keep and retain in his hands, of the monies to to be collected by him, the sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, above two days (the chamber of London bring within that time open to receive the same) then, and so pftqn, such collector shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings* for every day he shall retain the said sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, beyond the said two days.

LXIV. And U is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every collector to be appointed by virtue or in purfaanee of this act shall, upon three days notice in writing given to or left for him at his usual place of abode, by the.alderman, of the ward to which such collerior 0taU belong, or his deputy, attend the said alderman, of his deputy, at such time and place, within their ward, as he shall appoint; or upon notice in writing to be given of left as aforefek), by the clerk or clerks resp*&tvely» to the said commissioners, shall attend the said ccenmissioners at fetch place as they shall appoint in such notice; and then and there* if required, deliver to such alderman, or his deputy, or to the said co&i|HffioA0F$, upon oath (or if such collector be a then upon his fedemn

affirmation; which oath or affirmation such aldermen or deputy is hereby impowered toadmmifter}*teue, e*e&»and porfeA account in writing, unde* the b«ad of such ccdfedta, of all ferns of money yvhjfb he shall then have reoriyed feyregfoo ef th* said uficetj and

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c.i\

also a true lift of the names of all persons within his ward, who shall have refused or neglected to pay his, her, or their said rates or assessments, with a true account of the fevers! sums of money which such persons shall respectively be in arrear, to the intent that the same may be speedily got innd recovered: and if any collector, after such respective notices given as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to attend, or deliver in his accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver in the vouchers relating to the same, or to account for any sum or sums of iponey by him collected or received, and to pay the same, and every part thereof, as is herein above directed j then, and in every such case, such' collector shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay such sum of money as the rates and assessments, which he shall have been entrusted or authorized to collect, shall amount unto, after deducting the amount of the sum or sums by hint actually paid to the chamberlain of the said city for the time being; which forfeiture shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, to be commenced and prosecuted in the name of the said iqayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city; in which action or suit, such collector shall be held to special bail, and no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and Colleaors re-deciaVed, That if any collector or coile&ors of the said rates l^c* and assessments, shall have in his or their hands any of the saidto^jc. rates or assessments collected by him or them, and shall refuse vied by di- to account for and pay the same as aforesaid, it shall and may fceft and sale. be lawful to and for any justice of the peace for the fai city, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such collector or collectors to be brought before him, to hear and determine the matter of such complaint in a summary way; and if, upon the consession of such collector or collectors, or the testimony of any credible witness or witnesses, upon oath (which oath such justice is hereby impowered and required to administer) it shall appear to him that any of the monies which shall have been collected and raised by virtue of this act, shall then be inr the hands of such collector or collectors, and that he or they refu&th or refuse to pay the same, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, the said justice is hereby authorized and required, by a warrant or warrants under his hand and seal, to cause such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattles of such collector or collectors respectively j and if no goods or chattles of such collector or collectors can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said money, and the charges of such dtftrefs and sale, then the said justice may and shan commit such collector or collectors to one of the compters of the said city, there to be detained and kept with- out bail or mainprize, until he or they shall pay the same, or such composition as the said of shall agree to accept

E 4* Hi

Appeal to

court of mayor and aldermen.

For aftefling 'wharfs, warehouses, vaults or cellars.

For examining books re ]*ting to the poors rates.

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21, [1767.

to the said of, by petition, in writing* flatting forth, thecircumfiances of his, her, or their case, giving notice to the alderman of the ward wherein such rate or assessment shall have been made, or his deputy, and such petition shall be taken into consideration by the said of at their next publick meeting, of which the alderman of the ward, or his deputy, shall have special notice; and if it shall then appear to the said of, upon hearing the said petitioner or petitioners, that the said petitioner or petitioners is or areintitled to relief; it (ha! and may be lawful to and for the said of, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, to award* the said petitioner or petitioners such relief as they the said of shall think just and reasonable.

XLV. Provided always, That if the alderman, or his deputy, or the major part of the common council men of such ward, shall think such award unjust or unreasonable, or if the party or parties concerned shall think him, or herself, or themselves aggrieved, by such award; it shall and may be lawful to and for any of them to appeal, from such award, to the court of mayor and aldermen or the said city, who shall finally determine whether the said petitioner or petitioners is or are iotitled to any, and1 what relief in the premisses.

XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted* That no f>erfon or persons shall, in respect or any wharf, or of any warehouse, vault, or cellar, upon any wharf, not fronting any street or lane, be rated or assessed, or be liable to pay more than two thirds of the rates or assessments herein before directed to be rated and assessed on lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, and other tenements, within the several wards of the said city of London; any thing herein before contained ta the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVII. And, in order to ascertain the rates and ajfkjfments to be made by virtue of this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several aldermen of the said city, or their respective deputies, (halt and may, and they are. hereby authorized and impowered, to cause any of the books of assessment of the land tax, within their respective wards; and also any of the books of assessment of the rates towards the relief of the.poor, within the respective parishes of the same wards, to be Drought before them, and to take copies of such books, or any part thereof, as they shall think fit, without fee or reward; and if any person or persons, in whose custody or power any of the said books shall be, shall refuse or neglect to attend the said aldermen, or their deputies, with such book or books, or to permit them to take copies thereof, ' as ^foresaid; then, and in every such case, -every person who shall so refuse or neglect shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

XLVIII. And, for as much as it is reasonable that all publick buildings (hospitals excepted) and dll dead walls, and void spaces of ground, should be rated and assessed in a due proportion, towards the

paving,

?^7; 3 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. til 47

Paving* eleanftttg, and enlightening9 the faii city, and the libertiess thereof*it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be For assessing lawful and for the alderman of each ward, within the said churches and city and liberties* or his deputy, with the major part of the other publick common council men, and they are hereby required at such ^g^P9 times as the rates and assessments hereby directed to be made by houses and order of the said of as aforesaid, shall from time to void spaces of time be made, to rate and assess towards the purposes of this ground.

3 all parish churches, church-yards, chapels, and other publick buildings whatsoever, not charged to the land tax; as also. all meetkig-houfos, and all vend spaces of ground, situate, lying, and being, within their ward, other than and except the cathedral church of Saint Paul in Linden, and the church-yards and ground within the iron rails encompafiing the said cathedral church, at such rate as the commissioners, by writing under their hands and foals, or the hands and seals of any foven or, more of them, (half order and direct for every square yard of such churches, church-yards, chapels, and publick buildings, meeting-houses, and void spaces of ground, not exceeding the rate of four pence per square yard and also to rate and aflefa all dead walls within their wards, towards the purpose9 aforesaid, at such rate as the said of shall order and di-re& in manner aforesaid, for every yard running measure of such dead walls, not exceeding the rate of six pence per yard; such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so to be, from time'to time, made upon any parish church, church-yard, or chapel, to be paid by their respective church or chapel wardens; and the rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so to be made, from time so.time, upon any meeting-house within the said city or liberties, to be paid by the nfinifter and deaeons, or other per-, ion usually officiating the rein: and if such church or chapel warden, minister, deacon, or other person, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same upon demand; then, and in every such case, such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall and may be recovered of and from the person or persons so required to pay the same by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty'* courts of record at Westminster, or within the said city, to be commenced and prpiecuted in the name or names of the mayor and commonalty and citizens; in which action or suit no e/Toin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and in default of payment of such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, to be made on any mseting-hoofe as aforesaid, the same shall be and reT main a charge upon such meeting-houfo, and be paid by the landlord or owner thereof respectively; and such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so to be, from time to time, made upon any publick building (not being an hospital) or upon any dead wall or void space of ground, shall be paid by the respective owner or.owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof; and in case the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of any such void space of ground, shall not.be known, or cannot be

48 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. itl - [1767.

found, then the said rate or rates, assessment or assessments, to \ be thereon made, shall be advanced by the chamberlain of the city of London for the time being out of the cash of the said city in his hands, and the said ground shall be and remain a security to the said chamberlain and his successors for repayment of all rates to to be by him advanced.

Directing that XLIX. And be it further epasted, That it shall and may be inns of court lawful to and for the alderman of Farringdm ward without, or shall be rated his deputy, with the major part of the common council men of forth % p k1*' the said ward, and they are hereby required, from time to time, po erot this tQ rate an(j a(j-efs> in every such rate and assessment as aforesaid, the several inns of court and chancery herein after named, in I the several and respective sums herein after mentioned, as a composition for the repairs of the pavements which they have respectively sustained; that is to say, the Inner Temple, in the sum of two pounds two shillings per annum; the Middle Temple, in the sum of six pounds six shillings per annum; Serjeants Inn \ in Chancery Lane, in the sum of ten pounds per annum: and also to rate and assess the several inns of chancery herein after named, in the several and respective sums herein after mentioned$ that i is to say. Staples Inny in the sum of fourteen pounds per annum; 'Fur nival* s Inn9 in the sum of twenty pounds per annum; Barnards Inn, in the sum of six pounds per annum \ Clifford's Inny in the sum of two pounds two shillings per annum: which rates or assessments shall be paid by the treasurer, principal, or other proper officer of the said inns of court and inns of chan- I eery respectively; and in default of payment, may be sued for ! and recovered, in like manner as the rates and assessments upon parish churches, church-yards, and chapels, are herein before directed to be sued for and recovered.

L. And whereas the pavement lying between the fence of the churchyard belonging to the cathedral church of Saint Paul, in the said city of London, and the channels of the several streets and ways adjoining toy and surrounding, the said churchy contains two thousand two hundred and forty square yards; and the charges and expences of repairing, cleansing, and enlightening the same, is now paid out of the interest and yearly produce of the surplus money of certain duties on coal granted by divers acts of parliament, and vested in the lord archbishop ^Canterbury, lord bishop of London, and lord mayor of For afleifing the city of London, for the time being; be it hereby further enact-the pavements ed. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said corn-belonging to missioners, or any seven or more them, and they are hereby re-church'of St <lu*re<*» when apd at such times as the rates and assessments Paid. ° # hereby directed to be made shall, from time to time, be made,

to rate and assess the said cathedral church, toward the purposes of this act, at such rate as the said of, or any seven or more of them, shall judge reasonable, not exceeding the rate of one shilling and three penbe by the year, for every square'yard of the said pavement now kept in repair, out of the interest of such trust-monies as aforesaid; and that such rates or assessments so to be, from time to time, made on the said cathedral

49

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21.

church as aforesaid, shall be paid by the lord archbishop of Canterbury, lord bishop of London, and lord mayor of the said city of London, for the time being, or their treasurer, or other1 proper officer, out of the interest and produce of the said surplus-monies so veiled in them, upon the trusts, and for the purposes aforesaid.

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Not to vacate nothing in this act contained shall be deemed or taken to make any aeree-void any contract, covenant, or agreement, between landlord imeni[ and tenant touching or concerning the paving, cleansing, or tenant^enlightening, any part of the said streets, lanes, squares, yards, courts, alleys, passages, and places, within the said city and liberties, but that every such landlord who is now, by virtue of any such contract or agreement, obliged to pave, keep in repair, cleanse, or enlighten, any part thereof, shall, in lieu thereof, pay or allow unto his, her, or their respective tenant or tenants, the rate or rates to be rated or assessed on such tenant or tenants respectively, or so much thereof as shall be just and reasonable, according to the true meaning of such con* trad, covenant, or agreement, for and during the time of such contract, covenant, or agreement, shall remain in force; and in case any dispute shall arise concerning such contract, covenant, or agreement, the said court of mayor and aldermen shall have power to hear and finally determine the same.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any perfort or per- For recovery fons, who shall be liable to pay any rate or assessment to be of rates a-made by virtue or in pursuance of this act, shall become bankrupt or bankrupts before he, she, or they, shall have fully §fall°be liable paid and satisfied all the money then due and owing for such to pay the rates and assessments; then, and in every such case, the assignee same, becom-or assignees of his, her, or their estate and effects, or other inS bank* perfoti or persons possessing the same, shall, out of such estate ruPt8* and dffedtS, after paying to the petitioning creditor or creditors his, her, or their cods of suing out and prosecuting the cotn-mission against any such bankrupt or bankrupts, in the next place, pay unto the chamberlain of the said city of London, ifor the time being, all such Turns of money as were due for such rates and assessments at the time of the suing out any such commission against him, her, or them respectively, or so much thereof as the said estate and effects will extend to pay, and the receipt of the said chamberlain shall be a good discharge for the said money; and every assignee or assignees, or other person as aforesaid, may, ' to any action or suit commenced or brought against him, her, or them, plead or give in evidence the payment of the same, and shall be allowed such payment out of the estate or effects of such bankrupt or bankrupts, prior to any other dfcbt or demand whatsoever (except as before 19 excepted) and in case of non-payment of the same by the space of one % calendar month after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of to commence and prosecute one or more action or actions, suit or

49

For making duplicates of rates.

For appointing collectors.

Obliging the collectors to take an oath.

Anno octavo Georgii III. c.£i.

[1767.

suits, for the same, in the name of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at ffestminster* or within the said city, again! such af-Ggnee pr assignees, or other persons as aforesaid.

LIII. Ana it is hereby further enacted, That the alderman or his deputy, and the major part of the common council j men for the time being, in each ward within the said city or liberties, are hereby required to set down in writing, and sign two duplicates of the rates and assessments which they shall, from time to time, make by virtue of this act, for the purposes aforesaid; in which shall be expressed the names of the collectors who shall be appointed to collet! the same; one

of which duplicates shall, within ten days next after the making thereof, be deposited by the beadle of the said ward in the office of the chamberlain of the said city of London, where ! the same shall remain; and every citizen of London* liable to be rated by virtue of this act, shall and may have free access thereto, at all convenient times* and be permitted to inspect the same without fee or reward; and the person or persons neglecting to deposit such duplicates, in the manner, or within the time aforesaid, or refusing to permit such inspection as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence r.e^e&ively, forfeit the sum of five pounds.

LIV. And, to the end that thefaidseveral rates and ojfejfments map bo fully wit eomploatly raised and paid for the purposes aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of his deputy, with the major part of the common council men of each ward, at the court of wardmote to be holden upon or near the fealt day of Saint Thomas the apofile for the choice of ward officers, to return to the said wardmote the names and places of abode of a competent number of substantial inhabitants of such ward, of whom, so many as the said alderman, or his deputy, and the major part of the said common council men, shall think (it and direct, not exceeding half the number of persons so returned, shall be chosen and appointed at the fold wardmote, to be collectors of the rates and assessments which shall be made in pursuance of this act, for one whole year, from the said feast day of Saint Thomas the ! apolUe to the same feast day then next following, and so yearly, and from year to year: and the said collectors for the time being are hereby authorized and required, in the respective ward* for which they shall be so chosen collectors, to collect and receive, from time to time, such rates, assessments, and fum&of money, as shall be due and payable by virtue of this act, of and from all persons liable to pay the same; and all persons who, by virtue of this act, shall be charged therewith, or be liable thereunto, are hereby required to pay such rates or assessments unto such respective collectors for the time being accordingly; such collectors, from time to time, giving receipts for the same gratis, if thereunto required, and which they are hereby enjoined to do, upon request: and every such collector, who shall be

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. t. air.

chosen by virtue of this act, shall, at the wardmote at which h« '

shall be chosen as aforesaid, or within the space of twenty days then next ensuing, before the alderman of the w^rd for which he shall be so chosen collector, or his deputy, take and subscribe the following oath, or, being one of the people called $>uaker's9 make and subscribe the following folemft affirmation, for the true and faithful execution of the said office.

I A.B. do swear (or Solemnly affitm) that lwl % according to The oatly the best of my skill and knowledge, well and truly perform and execute the office of a collector, within the ward of according to the directions and true intent of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the city of Londoft* and the liberties thereof, and for preventing obstructions and annoyances within the lame, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Which oath or affirmation shall be administered, Without fee or reward, by the alderman of each respective wafd for the time being, or his deputy: and if any collector, chosen in pursuance of this act, shall refuse or neglect to take the said oath, or (being one of the persons called Quakers) to make the said affirmation, or to take upon himself the said office, of, after having taken upon himself the said office, shall refuse or nCglect to serve and execute the same, according to the true iritent and meaning of this act; he shall, for every such refusal of neglect, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty poundsj and shall, nevertheless, continue liable to be chosen into the said office again the year following, or at any other time, and shall be liable to the like penalty, so often as he shall thereupon refuse or neglect to take upon him and duly to execute the same.

LV. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and as In case of re-often as any person shall refuse or neglect to take upon him the or said office, or to execute the same when chosen, or shall die, or remove out of the ward in and for which he shall be so chosen alderman', and appointed, before he has finished his collection; then, and of the ward, in every or any such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for kcc. may ap-the alderman of such ward for the time being, or his deputy, pomt olb€r*# with the major part of the common council men of the said ward, by appointment under their hands and seals, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper person within such ward, to coiled the said rates therein, or such sum or sums of money as shall remain due and unpaid thereofand if such other person so appointed shall refuse or neglect to take and subscribe the said oath, or (being one of the persons called Quakers) to make the said affirmation, to ferveand execute the said office; then, and in every such last mentioned case, every person so refusing or neglecting shall be liable to the like penalty of fifty pounds as if he had been chosen into the said office at the wardmote, as aforesaid.

Impowering the collectors to distrain in case of nonpayment.

£2 v Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2.

[1767.

Not to extend

LVI. provided always, and it is hereby further enacted,

to oblige per- That nothing in this act contairied shall extend, or be con-

font to serve (trued, to oblige any person or persons to serve the said office

who are by of collector, who, by the laws now in being, is or are exempted law exempted. from ferVin»g any w^rd office

LVII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any person or persons who shall be rated or assessed by virtue or in pursuance of 'tt\is aft, shall, by the space of ten days next after his, her, or their respective rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall be due, and demanded by the collector or collectors authorized and appointed to collect and receive the same (such demand being either personally made to the respective person or persons so charged, or left in writing at his, her, or their respective house or houses, or place or places of abode) then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such collector or collectors, every or any of them, having a warrant or warrants under the hand and seal of the said of, or any three of them (which warrant or warrants the said collector and collectors is and are hereby required tp apply for$ and the said of, or any three of them, are hereby authorized and required to grant) and, with the aflidance of a condable, or other peace officer of the ward, county, city, or liberty, where the person or persons so refuting or neglecting shall reside, to enter his, her, or their house or houses, apartment or apartments, and then and there to distrain his, her, or their goods and chatties5 and if the same shall not be replevied, or such rate or assessment paid, within five days next after such distress made, together with the cods and charges thereof, then to appraise and fell so much and such part of the said goods and chattles as shall be sufficient to pay the said rate or assessment, with the cods and charges attending fudh distress and sale; returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of such goods or chattles, (the said cods and charges to be settled and allowed by the said of, or any three or more of them) who shall have granted such warrant or warrants respectively.

LVIII. Provided always, That no such didrefs shall, by virtue of this act, be made out of the limits of the said city and liberties thereof, unless such warrant or warrants respectively shall be fird backed or countersigned by some magistrate of the county, city, or liberty where rach didrefs is proposed to be made; which warrant or warrants any magistrate who (hjdl be applied to for that purpose, shall forthwith back or countersign, without fee pr reward.

LIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any such collector or collectors shall refuse or neglect to apply for such warrant or warrants as aforesaid, or to make such didrefs and sale, pursuant to the directions of this act, except in cases where such didrefs shall be dispensed with by the alderman or his deputy, and the major part of the common council men of each respective ward, by writing under their hands, in respect

Warrant of distress to be backed.

For punishing persons neglecting their duty 111 granting or executing any warrant.

53

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 2 r.'

of the poverty of the party or parlies afleffect; such collector or collectors shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds: and if any justice of the peace, upon such application to him made to back or counter-sign such warrant or warrants as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do, such justice shall, for every such refusal or neg-iect, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds: and if any con-liable, being called upon by any collector or collectors having such warrant or warrants, shall refuse or neglect to aid and assist him or them in making such distress. and sale, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

LX. And* for the more effectual enforcing the payment of the said rates and assessments for the purposes aforesaid> it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any freeman of Rendering London, liable to pay the said rates and assessments, or any re- '1

assessments, which shall and may be made in the cases herein rates.^inca-after-mentioned, shall have neglected or refused to pay the pable of vot-fame, or any part thereof, after such demand as aforesaid; or >ng at ele-if any such freeman shall, for or in respect of poverty ortioiu* inability, have desired to be excused, and accordingly shall have been excused, from paying any such rate, assessment, or re-assessment; then, and in every such case, every such freeman shall be'under the same incapacity of voting at elections within the city of London, as any person or persons now is or are, who dp not pay their scot and lot to any of the yearly rates and af-fdTments to which the citizens of London are, at this time, or shall hereafter, become liable*

LXI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enact- Allowing an fcd. That any person or persons who shall think him, her, or commission-C themselves, aggrieved by any rate dr assessment to be made by virtue Of in pursuance of this act, may, within the space of thirty days next after such rate and assessment shall have been demanded as aforesaid, appeal to the said of; and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith to appoint a day for hearing such appeal; and the party or parties so appealing shall give three days notice, at the lead, of the day so appointed, to the alderman of the ward in which the said assessment shall have been made, or to his deputy; and such no- 1, tice having been given, the said of shall'and may, upon the day so appointed, proceed to hear and determine such appeal; and their determination shall be final; and no fees shall be paid on the making, hearing, or determining, of such appeal. '

LXII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and Directing the *declared. That if the alderman of any ward, within the said of city of London, or his deputy, with the major part of the com- determine mon council men of the said ward, shall, at any time or times complaints of hereafter, in any rates or afleffintnts by them to be made, by any inhabit-virtue or in pursuance Of this act, neglect or omit to rate or an*8 uP°n a*7 Assess any penon or persons liable to such rates or assessments, or shall neglect or omit to rate or afiefs any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or the inhabitants or occupiers thereof, with- E 3 ib

For paying'£jte xponjey collected into the chamber -Iain's office.

Colie&ors to deliver in an account in writing under their bands.

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. a*.

[1767.

in their ward, in proportion to the yearly relit of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments respectively, 9$ the same shall be pfcertaiqed and rated in the rate or affeument towards the land tax; then, and in every such case, upon complaint thereof made by any inhabitant of the said city to the fain of, they are hereby authorised and required forthwith to appoint a day for hearing such complaint; and the party or parties complaining shall give three days notice at the least of the day so appointed, to the alderman of the ward to which such complaint shall relate, or to his deputy; and such notice having been given, the said of shall and may proceed to hear and determine such complaint; and for that purpose shall and may fununon witnesses before them, and examine such witnesses upon oath; which oath the said of are hereby authorized and impowered to admfoifter; and if the said of shall judge the matter of such complaint to be true, they shall make such alterations in the said rate or af-fcflsnent as mall be just.

LXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That every collector of the rates and aflbflmenta aforesaid shall* from time to rime, pay the monies ariifog therefrom, as he shall receive the same, to the chamberlain of the said city of London for the time being; and upon every fqch payment, the said chamberlain, or one of his elerka, shall, without fee or reward, sign and give receipts in writing to such collector, expressing his name, the sum paid, and the name of the ward to which the said collector shall belong; and if such Collector shall at any time keep and retain in his hands, of the monies so to be collected by him, the sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, above two days (the chamber of London being within than time open to receive the same) then, and so pftqn, such collector shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings1 for every day he shall retain the said sum of twenty pounds, or upwards, beyond the said two days.

LXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every collector to be appointed by virtue or in pursuance of this as shall, upon three days notice so writing given to or left for him at his qfual place of abode, by the alderman of the ward to which, such collector shall belong, or his deputy, attend the said alderman, of his deputy, a* such time and place, within their ward, as he shall appoint; or upon notice in writing to be given or left as aforefek), by the clerk or clerks respectively, to the said of, shall attend the said commissioners at fceh place as they foil appoint in such notice; sad then and there* if required, deliver to such alderman, or his deputy, qr to the said commiOSoaeFS, upon oath (or if foeh colle&o? be a then upon hfo fblemn

affirmation; which eaib or affirmation suchstdermao or deputy is hereby i mpdwcred toadm foi ster }fctnoe, ei*aCk, awd R*rfeA account in writing, under so band of such coUedfox, of ah foms, of money yvh^h be shall then have redyed byretfso of so said office; and'. ' 7 alfq

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21.

aHb a true lift of the names of all persons within his ward, who shall have refused or neglected to pay his> her, or their said rates or assessments, with a true account of the several sums of money which such persons shall respectively be in arrear, to the intent that the same may be (peedify got in £nd recovered: and if any collector, after such respecthre notices given as aforefakl, (half refuse or neglect to attend, or deliver in his accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver in the vouchers relating to the lame, or to account for any sum or sums of money by him collected or received, and to pay the same, and every part thereof, as is herein above directed; then, and m every such case, such collector shall, for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay*such sum of money as the rates and assessments, which he (half have been entrusted or authorized to collect, shall amount Unto, after deducting the amount of the sum or sums by hint actually paid to the chamberlain of the said city for the time being$ which forfeiture shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, to be commenced and prosecuted in the name of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city; in which action or suit, such collector shall be held to special bail, and no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and Colleaon re-dedared, That if any collector or coilefior9 of the said rates % ^Gm and assessments, shall have in his or their hands any of the said sameto^\Qm rates or assessments collected by him or them, and shall refuse vied by di>' to account for and pay the same as aforesaid, it shall and may and sale* be lawful to and for any justice of the peace for the fai city, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such collector or collectors to be brought before him, to hear and determine the matter of such complaint in a furhmary way; and if, upon the confession of such collector or collectors, or the testimony of any credible witness or witnesses, upon oath (which oath such justite is hereby impowered and required to administer) it shall appear to him that any of the monies which shall have been collected and raised by virtue of this act, shall then be inr the hands of such collector or collectors, and that he or they refu&th or refuse to pay the same, according to the true intent and meaning of this aO, the said justice is hereby authorized and required, by a warrant or warrants under his hand and seal, to cause such money to be levied by distress and fele of the goods and chattles of such collector or collectors respectively $ and if no goods or chattles of such collector or collectors can be found sufficient to answer and fetisfy the said money, and the charges of such distress and sale, then the said justice may and shall commit such collector or collectors to one of the compters of the said city, there to be detained and kept with- out bail or mainprise, until he or they shall pay the same, or such composition as the said of shall agree to accept

and examine collectors, upon oath, touching any complaint or neglectof dpty.

56 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21.

[1767.

in full; which composition such commissioners are hereby impowered to make.

Commission-

LXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That every colors to summon ]C(c}or to jje appointed by virtue or in pursuance of this act, shall, upon three days notice in writing, given to or left for him at his usual place of abode, by the clerk of the said of, attend the said of at such time and place as shall be appointed in such notice, and then and thereof required, answer upon oath (or if such collector shall be a §tua\er^ then upon his solemn affirmation j which path or affirmation such of, or any two of theft, are hereby impowered to administer) touching any neglect of duty, or other matters of complaint against him j and if any such collector shall refuse or neglect to attend on such notice as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, and they are hereby authorized and required, by warrant under their hands and seals, or the hands and seals of any three or more of them, to cause such collector to be brought before them, and to hear and determine the matter of such complaint, in a summarj way; and if such collector shall not shew good cause of excuse, to the satisfaction of the said of, for his neglecting or refuting to attend on such notice as aforesaid, he shall, for every such neglect or refusal, forfeit the sum of forty shillings, to be levied by diiirefs and sale of the goods and chattles of such collector; and if no goods and chattles of such collector can be found, sufficient to answer and satisfy the same, and the charges of such distress and sale, then the said commissioners, by their warrant as aforesaid, may and shall commit such cpl-Jector to one of the compters of the said city, there to be detained and kept for any time not longer than one month, nor less'than fourteen days.

LXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any collector or collectors shall happen to die, or become bankrupt, before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the money by him or them received by virtue of this act, or such signees, to pay composition for the same as aforesaid; then, and in every such toe money, case, the executors or administrators, executrix or administra-trix, or other legal representative or representatives, of such collector or collegers, or other person or persons possessing his or their estate and effects, shall, in the first place, out of such estate and effects, pay unto the chamberlain of the said city of % <mdQn for the time being, all such sums of money as were in the hands of such collector or collectors at the time of his or their death j and the assignee or assignees of his or their estate and effects, in case of bankruptcy, shall, after paying to the petitioning creditor or creditors, his, her, or their costs of filing put and prosecuting the commission against such bankrupt or bankrupts, in the next place, pay unto the said chamberlain al] such sums of money as were in the hands of such collector or collectors, at the time of the suing out of any such com-pviflion of bankruptcy against him or them, or so much thereof

Tn ease of collectors becoming bankrupts, executors, or af-

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. ar; 57

as the said dftate or effects will extend to pay, and the receipt of the said chamberlain shall be a good discharge for the said money; and every executor or administrator* assignee or af-: ignees, or other person, as aforesaid, may, to any action or suit commenced or brought against him or them, plead, or give in evidence the payment of the same, and shall be allowed such payment out of the estate and effects of such collector or col-ledtors, prior to any other debt or demand whatsoever; and in case of non-payment of the same, by the space of one calendar month after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the said ward, or his deputy, to commence and prosecute one or more action or actions for the same, in the name of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, against such executors or administrators, assignee or x assignees, or other person as aforesaid.

LXVIII. Andy to the intent that substantial persons may be chosen If collectors and appointed collectors in each ward, it is hereby further enacted, or receiver That in case any collector or receiver of the said rates or assess- ^CCIX^ ments shall become insolvent, or shall embezzle, or make away ^oney to be* with, detain, or misapply, any sum or sums of money so col- again assessed* ledted by him for the uses aforesaid, so that the same cannot be recovered, or shall die possessed of any sum or sums of money by him or them collected by virtue of this act, and which shall not be paid by his executors or administrators; then, and in every such case, such sum and sums of money shall be again rated and a(Te(Ted on the inhabitants of the ward for which such person was chosen and appointed collector, by the alderman of such ward, or his deputy, with the major part of the common council men of the said ward, in such proportion and manner as the rates are directed to be made by this act; and shall be collected, lpvied, and distrained in such manner, and under such penalties, as are herein provided for collecting and levying the rates due and payable by this act.

LXIX.* And is is hereby further enacted, That the cham- Chamberlain berlain of the said city of London for the time being shall and to pay all may, and is hereby authorized and required, out of the mo- ^ms hies collected and paid into the chamber of the said city pur-of^the cwn- suant to this act, to pay all sums of money which the said commissioners, and missioners shall, from to time, draw upon him for, or order to make en-him to pay; and the said chamberlain, for the time being, trie8#

shall, and he is hereby required to keep regular and clear entries in a book or books to be for'that purpose by him provided and kept, of all and singular his receipts and payments, on account or in pursuance of this act; to which book or books every citizen of London, liable to the said rates, shall and may have free access at all convenient times, with full liberty to inspect the same, without fee or reward; and also that the said chamberlain, for the time being, shall, once in every year, have the said accounts audited and passed by the said of, find shall deliver copies of the said accounts to each hoqfe of

par*

Com mi (Hollers im powered to borrow money upon, the credit ot tilt rates.

For borrowing money, by annuities on lives.

If annuitants die, any person may purchase annuities for their lives.

Anno octavo Georgii III. C. 2 r.

[1767.

parliament, within twenty days after the opening of every session. '

LXX. Andy for th§ more effectually enabling the fata commisssefters to execute the purposes of this afiy in the niofl expeditious manner, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, when they shall judge it necessary for the purposes aforesaid, to borrow and take up at interest'any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one hundred thousaitd pounds, upon the credit of the rates or assessments to be made and payable by virtue of this act; and by any writing or writings, upon vellum or parchment, signed by them, to assign the said rates or assessments, to any fetch person or persons who shall advance or lend such money thereon, >as a securhy or securities for the several sums so borrowed, with legal or lower interest for the same; which interest shall be payable and paid half-yearly by the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, out of the monies to aHfe by or from the said rates or aflfe#-ments.

LXXI. And whereas many persons may ehufe to advanee money for the purchase* of anmitiesy to he jecwred upon9 and payable out ofy the said rates and assessments, it is hereby farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to contribute, advance and pay, into the hands of the said of, for the purposes of this act, any sum or f»n*9 of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, for the absolute purchase of one or more annuity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the fall term of the natural life of such persons, being of the age of forty live years, or upwards, as shall be nominated by or on the behalf of such respective contributors, at the time of payment of their respective contribution-monies; which annuity or annuities shall not exceed the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum for every one hundred pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser sum to be advanced and paid as aforesaid: all which annuities so to be purchased, shall be payable and paid by the said chamberlain of the said city for the time being, out of the monies to arise by or from the said rates and af- feffments, by four equal quarterly payments; the first payment to be made to the respective purch^fers, or their assigns, at the expiration of the first quarter after payment of their respective purchase-monies; the rate whereof shall be settled and adjusted by a publick sale of the said annuities by the said of to the best bidder for the same.

LXXtl. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted; j That when and as often as any such annuitants shall'die, it shall j and may be lawful for any person or persons to purchase of the said of one or more annuity or annuities upon the life of such persons, and upon such terms and conditions, and to be payable in such manner as above mentioned; so that the sum or sums to be contributed for the purchase of any annuities

59

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. a il

unities to be granted by virtue of this act shall, at no one time, exceed the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds*

LXXIII. And it i? hereby further enacted, That the clerk Clerk to enter of the said commissioners for the time being shall enter in a securities book or books to be for that purpose provided and kept by the said of, all securities for monies borrowed, or an* annuities* nuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, and all granted, assignments or transfers thereof, expressing in words at length the names, surnames, additions, places of abode, and other de* scriptions, of all such persons as iball, from time to time, be intitled to such securities, and the sums received upon such securities; and also the names, surnames, additions, places of abode, and other descriptions, of the persons for whose lives the said annuities shall be respectively granted, and the days whereon the said annuities shall respectively be payable; to which book and books the person and persons intitled to, and possessed of, such annuities, and all and every the person or persons liable to the payment of the said rates and auefiinents,

shall, at all seasonable times, have accefe, with free liberty to insped the same, without fee or reward.

I«XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every That the an-person and persons who shall purchase such annuity or annui* nuities shall ties, and shall duly pay the purchase-monies for the same at the not he liable rates aforesaid, and his, her, or their respective executors, ad^to taxe#* ministrators, and assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, the respective annuity or annuities so purchased, during the term of the natural life or lives of the person or persons by them respectively nominated at the time of such purchase, and shall have good, fare, absolute, and indefeasible estates and imerefts in the said annuities respectively, according to the true tenor' and meaning of this act; and that none of the said annuities

shall be subject or liable to any tax assessed upon land by authority of parliament; and every such purchaser shall, upon payment of his or her purchase-money as aforesaid, have an. order on parchment or vellum for payment of the annuity 01* annuities so purchased by him or her, for and during the natural life or lives of such person or persons as shall be nominated by him or bar as aforesaid; which order shall be signed by the said commUfioners; and, after signing thereof, shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in the law, according to the purport and meaning thereof, and of this act.

LXXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and jror assign-tnay be lawful to and for any person or persons intitled to any ment ot ic-of the securities aforesaid, and his, her, or their executors, curities. administrators, or assigns, at any time or times, by writing Under his, her, or their hand or hands respectively, to align or transfer such securities, by indovfement on the bock thereof, to any person or persons wfaatsoever, and so tottis quetiis; and fitch assignments or transfers after they shall respectively be entered by the clerk of the said of in manner afbre-fekl' fwhWh he is hereby required to do without fee or reward)

&c. of any annuitants.

6o Anno octavo Georgii III. c. z i.

[1767.

shall Intitle the person or persons to Virhom they 'shall be respectively made, and his, her, or their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, to the benefit of the security or securities so assigned or transferred.

[In case any

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be affiSnmentany ^orSe<^ or counterfeited, or wilfully act or assist in forging or certificate/ counterfeiting, any assignment of any such annuity as aforesaid, or any certificate of the age or of the life of any nominee, or any order or authority in writing to receive any annuity due, or to grow due; to any proprietor thereof, or any part thereof, or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive, arw such annuity or annuities, or any part thereof, by virtue or any forged or counterfeited assignment, letter or attorney, certificate, instrument, order, or authority, in writing, 'or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any such annuity or annuities, or the assignee of any such proprietor or proprietors, and thereby receiving, or endeavouring to receive, the money of any such true and lawful proprietor or assignee, as if such offender were the true and lawful owner thereof; then, and in every and any of the said cases, all and every such person and persons so offending, and being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death without benefit of clergy.

LXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the sum and films of money so to be advanced and lent, and the filtered thereof, and all and every the annuity and annuities so to be purchased, under and by virtue of this act, shall be, and they are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of the monies arising from the rates and assessments to be rated and assessed by virtue and for the purposes of this act; and all the persons who shall be so possessed of such secur!frles shall be creditors in equal degree, without preference in respect of the priority of his, her, or their, advancing the money thereon.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That po person who shall be charged or assessed towards the rates to be made by virtue or in pursuancp of this act, c^areSwnh thereafter liable to, or charged with, any other rates or other rates of assessments made, or to be hereafter made, by virtue or in pur-former fuance of any former act or acts of parliament, for or towards the paving, cleansing, or enlightening, the said city and liberties, or any part thereof.

Not to extend

LXXIX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and to repeal rates declared, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or beormer construed to extend, to repeal, annul, Or make void, any of the*# said rates or assessments made or charged by virtue or in purfu-

anee of any such former act or acts of parliament, which were due and payable, or in arrear, oa the.twenty ninth day of September,

For charging the money borrowed on the rates.

No persons charged towards the

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c.ai. 61

one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, or any of the remedies, powers or provisions, given of provided by nich former act or acts respectively for the collecting, levying, or recovering the fame5 but all such rates and assessments, and all arrears thereof respectively, which were due and payable on the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred - and sixty seven, and all the remedies, powers, and provisions, in and by such former act or acts respectively granted, enacted, or provided, for the collecting, levying, and recovering, the same respectively, shall continue and be in force; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXX. And whereas certain parts of Holborn, the Minories, For assessing* and Aldersgate Street, are supposed to be out of the liberties of the certain placet said city {/'London, by means whereof the pavements of the several streets and places within the same respectively cannot be completely of the liberties finished by the powers hereby vejled in the find of \ where- of the said d* fore, for the better and more speedy completion of the same, be it ty, for the enacted, That the several powers and authorities hereby vested

in the said commissioners, and all the provisions and regulations11118 herein before established, declared, and provided, for the purposes of paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the said city and the liberties thereof, and for other purposes of this act, shall respectively extend and shall be in force, and shall in all respects be executed by the said of, within such parts of HoU born9 the Minories, and Aldersgate Street, as are, or are supposed to be, out of the liberties of the said city of London; and the courts and alleys leading into the same, or communicating therewith, and the inhabitants of the several parts and places aforesaid, shall be rated and assessed according to the provisions herein before made by the alderman of the ward next adjoining to the same respectively, or by his deputy, with the major part of his common council men, and such rates shall be recovered in manner herein before directed; any law, Statute, custom, usage, or prescription* to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and de- Liberty of dared by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act con- St. Martin le tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the liberty of Grandexcept-Saint Martin le Grand belonging to the dean and chapter of of tlus Westminster; any thing in this act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

LXXXII. And whereas it was by an act of the seventeenth year Recites the act of the reign of his said late majesty King George, the Second, inti-7 Geo.. tuled, An act for making effectual provision for enlightening the streets of the city of London, enabled. That if at the expiration of seven years, it'Should be found that any surplus should have arisen from the monies collected by virtue of the said act, over and above what should have been issued and applied in pursuance thereof, such surplus-monies should remain in the chamber of the said city of London, to be applied either in aid of the orphans fund, or in abatement or diminution of future rates and aJfeJfmentSi or to be otherwise dif-

the recited act. See. to be applied to the purposes of t&is aft.

6z Anno octavo Georgii III. C. arI [1767.

posed of to and for the use and benefit of the citizens ^London, as they by ana# of common council shoulddireft and appoint: And where-as part of the money arising by the sale of Jix thousand pounds, three per cent, consolidated tank annuities, which were purchased with or out of the fur plus money collected by virtue of the said last mentioned fifty over and above what bad been issued and applied in pursuance thereof is now remaining in the chamber of the said city\ and it will tend to expedite the good purposes of this present act if such money as now is9 or hereafter may be, in the chamber ^London of the monies collectedy or to be collectedy by virtue of the said former act9 were to be applied towards the carrying on the purposes aforesaid; therefore Surptafi mo- lt " hereby further enacted and declared, That the said money, nicscollefted at|d such surplusses as have arisen, or shall or may arise, from by virtue of the monies collected, or to be collected, by virtue of the said act of the ieventeentth year of his said late Majesty, and shall on the twenty fifth day or December9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, be remaining in the said chamber of London, over and above what shall then have been issued and applied in pursuance of the said last mentioned act, shall and may be applied towards the purposes of this present act at such time or times, and in such manner, as the said of shall, from time to time, think fit, order, or direct; and the chamberlain of the said city for the time being shall immediately after the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty (even, cany the said money, and the amount of the surplus of the said monies which shall then be in hfc hands, to the Credit of the account of monies to be collected and paid into the said chamber by virtue or in pursuance of this present act.

LXXXIII. And to the end and intent that the useful purposes of this act may be the better and more speedily carried into execution, and several turn- fQr towards increasing the fund for defraying the charges of the

me^oned X fam*s hereby further enacted, That upon and after the first

before any* Sunday next after the passing of this act there shall be paid to the cattle or car- receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, to be nominated and appointed as herein after-mentioned, before any cattle or carriage shall be permitted to pass on a Sunday through any or either of the turnpikes herein after mentioned, or through any turnpike to be erected by virtue of this or any other act or acts of parliament near the same; videlicet9the turnpike at Mile End, the turnpike at Bethnal Green, the turnpike at Hackney, the turnpike ox Kingsiandy the turnpike at Balls Pound or Pondy IJBngtony the turnpike at Holloway, the turnpike at the end enf Saint John's Street, the turnpike at the end of Qafwell Street y and the turnpike on the New Ready commonly called the City Ready all which turnpikes are in the county of Middlesex, the following ing tolls'; videlicet

A toll to be taken at the

riage shall be permitted to pass on a Sunday.

The tolls. For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, cala(h, or other carriage, drawn by fix or more horses or mules, the fuin of ten pence \ and for every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, cala(h,

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. % t.

or other carriage, drawn by four horses or mules, the sum of eight pence.

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, calalh, or other carriage, drawn by three or two horses or mules, the sunt of six pence; and for every chaise, chair, calalh, or other carriage drawn by one horse or mule, the sum of three pence.

For every horse, mule, or afs, not drawing, the sum of one penny.

Which said respective sums of money shall and may be demand- The raid tolls ed and taken for, and in the name of, a street toll, over and to be taken above, and exclusive of, all other tolls which are or shall be ab<jJ^ and j-authorized to be taken and collected upon or on account of the otter^oHs. said roads, or any of them; and the monies arising therefrom Tolls veiled in shall be, and are hereby, veiled in the said mayor and common- the mayor and alty and Citizens, and shall be disposed of for the purposes of commonalty this act: and the said of are hereby impowered, by and citizens, thetnselyes, or by any person or persons by them thereto autho- Tolls may be rized, to levy the toll hereby required to be paid upon any person or persons who shall, after demand thereof made, neglect or m refuse to pay the same as aforesaid, or to deny or hinder any '

passage through the said turnpikes respectively until payment thereof; which said toll shall and may be levied by distress of any horse or horses, or other cattle, upon which the toll is by this aiSfc impofad, or upon any of the goods and chattels of such person or persons who ought to pay the same; and all such horses, cattle, or goods, may be detained until such toll, with the reasonable charges of such distress, shall be paid; and it Distress may Hiall and may be lawful for the person or persons so distraining, fold after after the space of four days from the time of making and taking 4day$-Cuch distress, to fell the norse or horses, cattle, goods, or chattels, so distrained, rendering the owner or owners thereof the overplus, upon denland, after satisfaction of the said toll, and the reasonable charges in and about making such distress, keeping, and fate, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

LXXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Commission-aforefakl, That it shall and may be lawful for the said commit- ers m?y er& sioners, if they shall think proper, at any time or times, during turnPlkc8»&c» the continuance of this act, to cause to be erected any turnpike or turnpikes at or near all or any of the respective places aforementioned, for the purposes of coiledting the several and respec- 1 tive toils hereby made payable; and'also cause to be erected or provided a toll-house at or near each turnpike, and, from time to time, td remove or alter the same, as they the said of shall think expedient; and the right and property of all Turnpikes, die turnpikes and toll-houses to be, from time to time, erected &c» ve^ed in and prpyided by virtue of this act, and the right and property com^otialt^ of the materials provided for building or repairing the same, a^d Citizens, shall be, and are hereby, veiled in the mayor and commonalty and citizens, and they are hereby impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions in the name of the corporation,

64 Anno octavo Georgii III. C. ill [1767.

ratloni and to prefer, or order the preferring of, indictments against any person or persons who shall injure the same, or any part thereof, or disturb them in the potiemon thereof, or take or retain, or hold possession thereof, after being required by order of the of to deliver up the same.

Tolls may be LXXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted collected at an(j declared, That it shall and may be lawful for the several and LAadyerea- respective receivers or collectors, and other persons to be aped. pointed by virtue of this act, to receive and col|ect the several

tolls hereby'made payable, and they are hereby authorized ancf impowered, for the purposes of this act, without the let, hindrance, or molestation, of any person or persons whatsoever, to make use of all or any of the gates, turnpikes, and toll-houses, already erected, or hereafter to be erected or continued, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament, at or near the several and respective places whereat any toll is hereby authorized to be taken, so as such respective receivers, collectors, or other1 persons, do in no wife hinder or interrupt the transading of an/ bufinefsor purpose for which such turnpikes and toll-houses were respectively eroded or provided.

Tolls to be LXXXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, paid but once That no person or persons shall be liable to pay the said street-a d*y* to|] more than once for passing or repassing at any time or times on the same day as aforesaid, with the same cattle and carriage; but that all and every person and persons, alter having paid such toll once as aforefdia, shall, during the remainder of such day, pass toll-free, with respect to the said street toll, with the same cattle and carriages, through the gate or turnpike at which any such toll was paid, and also through all other gates and turnpikes whereat the said tolls are hereby made payable, upon producing a note or ticket denoting, the payment of such toll; which notes or tickets the collectors of the said tolls are hereby required to give.gratis on receipt of such tolls.

Commission-.LXXXVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said ers may lease, of may, and they are hereby impowered, upon ten &c* the tolls* days notice being given in the London Gazette, to lease or farm by the year the tolls by this act granted, or any part or parts thereof, to any person or persons, at of for the larged yearly^fumathat can be got for the same, provided that such lettings

or agreements be made in writing, and signed by the person or persons taking or farming any such tolls, and by the said of letting the same, and be not made for more than three years at a time, and that the money that shall be so agreed to be paid for the said tolls shall be made payable, and shall be paid to the chamberlain of jthe said city for the time being, by quarterly payments, and that the person or persons to whom the same shall be so lett shall always pay one quarter's pay in advance: and if any letting or agreement for letting the said tolls, or any part or parts thereof, shall be made, and any default shall be made in paying the money agreed to be paid, contrary to the true meaning of this act; then every such letting and agreement

Anno octavo Georgii III. C.\2 r. 6$

shall be void, and the perfcoe* jperfens to whom the fiu4 tolls shall be lett shall be liable to account for the lame, and te have the same levied and recovered upon and of him or them, ia-the same manner as is by this act directed for the accounting for the said tolls by the collectors thereof, and for the levying and recovering the same upon and of them.

LXXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the autho- Commission-rity aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for thcf^"*^. said of, at any time or times, by any writing or^writings under their hands and seals, to nominate and appoint such person or persons to be receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the said respective tolls, as they shall think fit; and all per(bns by this act made liable to pay the said tolls, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the same to such receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, as aforesaid t end all such receivers and collectors shall respectively pay the same into the office of the chamberlain of the said city, in like manner, and under the like regulations and restricttone, as are herein before expressed, of and concerning the collecting and paying the rates and aflbffinents aforesaid; and shall also upon oath, if officei* teW-thereunto required by the said commissioners constituted by this ceent upon aft, (which oath the said of am hereby authorized oath* and impowered to administer) from time to time give unto the said of, or to such person or persons as they (had. appoint for that purpose, a true, exact, 'and perfect account its writing, under their respective hands, of all monies which they, and every or any of them, shall to such time have received by virtue of this act; and if such receiver or collector shall not Officers retail make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon oath, any such inKt0 ac* account, or to make payment as aforesaid; then, or in either count* of such cases, it shall be lawful to or for one or foate justipe or justices of the peace; and fetch justiceor indices, upon com- jaftice* to en-plaint to him or them made, is and am hereby authorized and quire into the required to make enquiry concerning such default, as wcH by default, confession of the parry, as by the teftunony of any credible witness or witnesses, upon oath (which oath hub justiceor justices is and ate hereby impowered and required to administer, without fee or reward^; and if any such receiver or collector shall be convicted of auyor either of the offences aforesaid, such justice or justices (hpb commit every such offender to the com- aB£j conbnit ' mon gaol, without: bail or mainprize, until he shall; give or knake the offender, a true and perfect account and payment as aforeiud, or until untft payment he (ha(l have compounded with die said of copfti-tuted by this act, and fhqll have paid (uoh camposition-iu fetch manner-as they shall appoint, which compofitkm the (hid eom-misti oners are hereby impowered to make; and the fapd com- commission-tnissioners shall and aqay, out of the monies anting by the said <ra to allow of tolls, or otherveife, make such allowance unto their receivers and ficers&laries, collectors, and aH other peefons to be employed by or finder the said commissionem in the.execution of this act, for their case Voft.XXV]fL.F and

6$' Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21. - [1767.

and pains In their respective offices, as the said of shall think fit and reasonable.

For firming.

LXXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall the tolls* Land may be lawful to and for the of of any one of the said turnpikes for the time being, or for any three or more of the commissioners of each of the said turnpikes, at any of <'their putdick meetings, to treat and agree with the commissioners constituted by this act, for the taking or farming any of the said tolls*

Tolls may be'

XC. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said com-assigned for missioners may, and they are hereby impowered, to borrow and money bor- take up at interest, any sum or sums of money upon, the credit rowed, of tjje tous by virtue of this act, and to assign over the

same, or any part thereof, by any writing or writings under their hands and foals, the charges of such alignments and con-veyarices to be paid out of such tolls respectively, to any person or persons who shall advance or lend their money thereon, as a, security or securities for the several sums which shall be borrowed, and the interest thereof, as aforesaid: and copies of all such AJKfehments alignments and conveyances shall be entered in a book or bopks to blentered to be kept for that purpose by the clerk for the time being of in a book* the said of; and all and every person and persons, to whom such alignments shall be made, are hereby impowered, from time to time^ to assign and transfer their right and interest, by indorsement on the back of their securities, in like manner and form, as the securities for the monies borrowed on the rates and assessments to be made and fevied by virtue of this, alt, are before directed to be assigned and transferred; and all -such assignments and transfers shall be produced, notified* and entered, in like manner as is before described, with respect to the producing, notification, and entry, of the assignments and^transfers of the securities for such rates and assessments; and it

shall not be in the power of any person who shall have made«- any assignment or transfer of their securities, on the said tolls, to make void or discharge the same, or any money due thereon; and no person or persons advancing any sums of money on the credit of the said tolls, shall be intitkd to any preference with All creditorsxefpe& to the priority of advancing any such sum or sums; but deemed equal all persons, to whom any mortgages or assignments shall be in dcgrep.*" made as aforesaid, shall be creditors in equal degree one with another, in proportion to the sums therein mentioned.

Penalty on XCI. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any person'forcibly pa(T- or persons shall forcibly or wilfully go or Dafs with any horse, fog through beast, or carriage, through any turnpike whereat any toll is by the gate?, &c..virtue of this a§ to paid, without paying such toll, or pro- educing a note or ticket as aforesaid, at such turnpike, or shall«'knowingly or designedly, assault, interrupt, or obstruct, any or

- y either of the collectors or persons employed in the collelting or

itceiving any or either of the said tolls, in the execution of his or giving or /or tbfeirrefpeltive office*or offices; or shall forge* counterfeit, leceiving or alter, or shall deliver to, or receive from* any other person or tickets, «c* persons.

ijSy.y Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 21/ 67

persons, any hote or ticket, with an intent to avoid the payment of to avoid pay-any or either of the said tolls, or any part thereof 5 every person, of so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay thet0 sum of forty shillings, over and betides such damage? and pu-nishments as they and every of them respectively shall be liable to by law; and it. shall and may be lawful to and for the said receivers or collectors, and for every of them, and all other persons required by them, to assist in that respect, to seize any horse or horses, cattle, or goods, belonging to, or in the po(-session, or under the care of, any person or persons so offending in the premises, and to take such offenders before any justice of the peace, and before to make complaint of such of* fence or offences; and such justice may and i9 hereby required to enquire into the same, as well by examination of the party or parties, as by the testimony of any credible witness or witnesses, upon oath (which oath such justiceis hereby impowered.to administer, without fee or reward) and, if the said justice shall fee cause, to convict the party or parties complained of in the pe-, nalty aforesaid; and for non-payment thereof, and of the tolls that shall be due (though the same shall not be demanded). by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the said horse or horses, cattle, or goods, to be sold for payment of the said: tolls and penalties; and the charges of seizing and keeping the same, and of such sale, rendering the overplus (if any there shall be) to the owner or owners of the said horse or horses, cattle, orgoods, or to the person or persons under whose care, or in whole possession, they respectively were so seized as aforesaid; and if no such seizure as aforesaid Can or shall be made, then the aforesaid ^penalty and tolls shall be levied and recovered by such means, and applied in such manner, as herein after mentioned: 1 and moreover, it shall and may be lawful for any of the col- Persons a£ leCtors of the rates hereby granted, or other officer, to be ap- faulting, &c. pointed by virtue of this act, who shall be affimlted, obstructed, they are im^* or interrupted, in the execution of any of their respective offices, powered to - and for every of them, and all other persons required by them take them be* to assist in that respect, to take such offender before any justice fa* a justice of the peace, who is hereby required to inquire into the same in of the P*acc# manner as above directed, and, if be shall fee cause, to convict the party or parties complained of in the penalty last mentioned, to be levied and recovered as hereafter directed*

XCII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the monies All monies to be raised by virtue of this act shall be, and the same are here- raised by vir* by, veiled in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens oftu'oftew aff the said city, and shall be applied to the purposes of this act,

-and to and for no other ufeor purpose whatsoever.. commonalty

XCIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, and citizens. That the charges and expences of procuring and passing this Charges of adk shall be paid out of the first monies which shall be-raised by th\ virtue thereof. £*, howtobe

XCIV. Provided also^nd it is hereby further enacted by the ^ri j. to

authority aforesaid, That no nomination, contract, bond, war- be without.. Fit rant, fteropt.

Gt

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Gsoisniflt. 1X767*

Vaftt, judgement, or'otUtfr Writing whatsoever, tinder the hand and seal, or hands and seals, or only sighed by any CMhmttBdn-er or of coustituted by this act, or hny justice or Radices of the peace, or exhibited before aciy of them, or under the hand and seal, or hands and fiats, or only signed by any other person or persons whartbever, relating to the execution of this act, shall be "chargeable With any duty whatsoever.

XCV. Atid it is hereby further-charted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed (the manner of recovering and levying whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be recovered and levied by distress and sale of the offender* goods and chattels, by warrant tinder the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of any one or more Justice or justices of die peace of the city or place where the offence shall be committed, or the offender found; which warrant such justice or justices are hereby impowered and required to grant upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon information of one or more credible wfehefe or witnesses, upon oath, (which oath stich justice or justices is fend ate hereby i hi powered to adtninifter 5) and the penalties and forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon demand, to the party Or parties Whose goods and chattels shall be so distrained and fold (the charges of such distress and' sale being drft deduced) shall be paid tb the Chathberfain of the said city for the time being, und'be applied the one half to the informer, and the other half towards the purposes of this act; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, then it shall and may be lawful to and for arty such justice or justices to com-thit focn offender to any prifeh of the city Or place within his Or their juriftrltion, without tftil or mainprhje, for any spaoe of time not exceeding thirty days; nor less than ten days; and in cases where the penalties and forfeitures hereby inflicted for any offence contrary to this act shall not exceed the (urn of forty shillings, such offences shall be beard and determined by the commftnonersito a futtVnttTy way.

XCVI. And iris hereby'farther enailed, That no proceed-fog to; be hftd touching'.the eonviltkm of any offender or of* wantof form egaieXt this act,: ordife order made, erorher mutter or

thing to be ddne'br traWftltei, inor relating to the execution of this act, shall be vacated'or waashed for wadt of form; any law or ftahfte to the contrary H«tw$(iMti(Hding.

XCVII. Andit is'hereby Writer halted, ThwnoaAionor salt shall be 'cemfoenced 'sgalwft aoy pctfon or persons for any thing done in purfitanfoe of (his'klt until Mretey one clear days notice shall be thereof given, inwriring, to'«ns chirk for the tithe being of the comfhmionerrcoAfthmed by this oil, ' or after sufficient satisft&ion or tender "thereof hath been mode to'fft'e party or parties aggrieved, or ftftfer fix<alenchr>i*ttRfts: rfe after the salt committed for which such altion or actions, suit or fobs, thsll befo brought, andwely (iichuAion ffitdl btf-bfought, laid, and trted, in »he 'Ckyor'<»wrty'Wliwu«he oMfrvf«&fce> Hwll

arise.

Phjceedfngs not to.be

Limitation Of actions.

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. C. 2ii <0$

arise, and not. elsewhere; and that the.defcndant or defendants in such scions of frits, andpvpry of them, may plead the general General issue. Issue,pd giye this act and the special matter, io evidence, at any trial or trials which shall bp had thereupon, and that them at ter or thi.ng.fry which frch aftiop or actions* frit or frits, frail be lb brotnght was done in purfrance and by the authority of this act.: and if thy said matter or thing frail appear to have been lb done, or if it shall appear that such action or frit was brought before twenty one clear days notice given as aforesaid, or that sufficient frtisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any. frch action or frit shall not be commenced within the time before for that purpose limited, or frail be laid in any other county or place than sis stfotefaid. i then the jury or juries shall find for the defendant or defendants therein: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in frch action or actions, frit or frits, frail become nonsuited, or suffer a difcpntinuance of frch action or actions, or if judgement shall, be given for the defendant or defendants therein; then, and in either of the cases aforesaid, frph defendant or defendants shall have treble colls, and shall have such remedy for recovering the Treble coSs. same, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their cods, in any other cases by law.

XCVIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That act*

immediately after the several authorities, powers, and on>vision$, .6 Geo. 1. herein before given or granted, eftajhlifred, declared, and provided, 1 shall commence and take effect respectively, for the purposes of paving, cleaning, and enlightening, the said city, and the liberties thereof, and the other purposes of this act, according to the tenor and true meaning thereof, the said act made in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the better paving, dean ling, and ealightening, the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and for preventing obstructions and annoyances within the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned, ex-r cept as aforesaid, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed and made void.

XCIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and en- n0 appoint-acted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con- ment of of-(trued to-extend, to make void the appointment of any officers fibers, or other already appointed by virtue of the said act hereby repealed 5 or.{"^*'^1^. to make void any other proceeding already had or commenced ^te<] aft, &c. by virtue of, and under the authority of the said act; or to pre- to be made vent the compleatingpf any such proceedings; but that the said vo'd under of constituted by this act shall and may carry into tb" execution, and com pleat all frch proceedings commenced under - the said act. hereby repealed, in the like manner as if the same bad been commenced under and by virtue of this act.

C. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared. Repeals aft* That nothing ua this act contained shall extend, or be construed* &} Car. to extend, to revive so mulch of the said act made in the twenty*feoond and twenty third years the reign of the late King Charlti the Second, or of an act made in the second year of the & M.

reign of thftr late xnajefrwe King William and Queen Mary, as

7 Anno octavo Georgii III. C. 4».

[1767.

relates to the paving'and clea'nfing the streets In the said city of London, and to the preventing of nusances and obstructions within the same; or so much of an act made in the tenth year so Geo, i. of the reigtf of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the paving the said streets; or to revive the said act made7 Geo, i, in the seventeenth year of the reign of his latfc majesty King George the Second, or any of the powers, provisions, clauses, and matters, therein respectively contained; or to revive so much and 33 Geo.t. of an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his said, late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the repairing and relaying such pavement in the said city as shall be damaged by the breaking up of the same to amend and relay any water pipes; but the same shall remain, and they are hereby declared t5 be respectively repealed and made void.

Publick act. CL And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without (pedally pleading the same,

CAP. XXII.

An act for the more easy and effectual recovery of the penalties and forfeitures inflicted by the acts of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the British colonies and plantations in America.

Preamble, reciting clauses

WHEREAS by an act made in the fourth year ofbispresent fyajtfty's reign, intituled An act for granting certain da-in aft*Geo.3. ties in the British colonies and plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an ad passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George, the Second, intituled An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majestfs sugar colonies in America; for applying the produce of such duties, and of the duties to arise by virtue of the said act, towards defraying the expences of defending, proteding, and fe-cuting, the said colonies and plantations $ for explaining an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouragement of the Greenland 0#</Eastland trades, and far the better securing the plantation trade; and for altering and disallowing several drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine conveyance of goods to and from the said colonies and plantations, and improving and securing the trade between the: same and Great Britain; it was enacted and declared, That all the forfeitures and penalties inflicted by that or any other a ft.or acts of parliament, relating to the trade and revenues of the British colonies or plantations in America, which should be incurred there, should and might be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any court of record, or in any court of admiralty, in the said colonies or plantations where such offence should be' committed, or in any court of vice-admiralty which might or should be appointed ever all America $ which court

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 23J.yi

\ of admiralty^ or vice-admiralty^ were thereby respectively authorized and required to proceed*, bear, and determine the same, at the election of the informer or prosecutor: and whereas prosecutions and suits for'recovery of forfeitures and penalties, inflihea by any act or acts of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the said colonies or plantations, in one court only of vice-admiralty over all America,: may* in many cases, by reason of the dislance of the places where the cause of such suits and projections Jkall arise from the place where such court is or shall be established, be attended with great inconvenience 5 may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tern-| poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and'by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day After 1 Sept, of September, one {housand seven hundred and sixty eight, all the pe-forfeitures and penalties mflidted by any»act or acts of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the British colonies or relating to the plantations in America, may be prosecuted, sued for, and re-trade or reve-covered, in any court of vice-admiralty appointed, or to be ap- tb.c pointed, and which shall have jurisdicttkm within the colony, nicsorplanl plantation, or place, where the cause of such prosecution or Animations in A*, shall have arifenr. merica, may

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, be sued for That in all cases where any prosecution or suit shall bd commenced and determined for any penalty or forfeiture inflicted by of vice admi-any such act or acts of parliament, in any court of admiralty in ralty within the respective colony or plantation where the offence shall be the colony j committed, either party who shall think himself aggrieved by -aggneveTby such determination may appeal from such determination, to any the determi-court of vice-admiralty appointed, or to be appointed, and which nation of such shall have jurisdiction within such colony, plantation, or place*court, may which court of vice-admiralty is hereby authorized and required aPPc.

to proceed, hear, and determine, all such fqits, prosecutions, and appeals; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to repeal so much of an act made in the fourth year of his present Majesty, as affects the island of Guernsey and Jersey, with respect to the leakage of wines imported into this kingdom from the said islands under certain restrictions and regulations; and for continuing an act made in the thirty third year of his late Majesty, for the better encouragement of the making of sale cloth in Great Britain.

[Preamble, re.

WHEREAS by a clauft in an act of parliament made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An citing clause act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of wt4G*Q«l the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and for preventing, in certain cases,

Anno octavo Georgii III. C. 4 J.

[1767.

the bbHrihing of allowances kt itfped of the leakage of wines imported into this kingdom; add for making forth duplicates of cfccbteqttet hills, tickets, receipts, Annuity orders, and other orders, loft, burnt, or othertoiffe dfeftroyedj it is enacted) That from and af ter the first day of May, edit thbufotid fevik hundred and fortyfour, no merchant shall be allowed twelve per centum, or hone any amwance. for leakage tipon any wine imported into thit kingdoms mkfsfoch Wine be imported directly from the country or place of the growth of the said wine, or the iifoal port or place of it9s first shipping (except as therein excepted:,) And whereas it bath been found that great loft From and af- dffi detriment hath accrued to the inhabitants of the islands of Guern-ter 15 May, fey and Jersey, by reason of such restriStion; may it therefore-1768, the re- please your Majesty, that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted I

fofora*it*^y the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice

affe&ft the consent bf the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

islands of in this present parliament aflfeffcbled, and by the authority of the

Guernsey and same, That from aftd after the twenty fifth day of March, oft* ^ani tW1th ^ufahd seven huhdrbd and sixty eight, the said-el&use, so far as leakage of the farme aflfc&s the islands of (Guernsey ^itid Jersey* with regard wines, re- to the allowance on leakage of wines imported from the said peelect; islands into this kingdom, mall be repealed.

provided a II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by j proper certi- the authority aforesaid, That ho person or persons shall be in-ficate on oath, titled to any allowance on wines imported into <his kingdom

to th°Taula- ^rom^an<^s> unless certificate, on oath, made before the

tionslherl11*magiftates of the royal courts, or any thTee of them, <h*H be

mentioned, be produced before tree collector, or other proper officer of the,

produced be- customs at the port where such wines shall he landed in Great ^©ficw at Britain> w^ich oath is to be taken by the shipper of the wines the port of hn- at islands aforesaid, or either of them, certifying the name bf

portation in the vessel in which such wines are shipped, the name of the Great Britain. master or commander thereof, and the number and quality of calks so shipped, with the marks thereon, and that such wines, have received: no mixture since their landing at the said islands, '

or either of them, except such mixture only as is usual-and necessary for clearing and forcing such wines, and that such wines have been imported Into the said islands, or one of them, in British bottoms only, unless in time of actual war; and the said wines are, at the time of shipping at the islands aforesaid, or either of them, the property of British ftfbjedts only.

Where wines MI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no ibail be im- Vines from such countries where British constils, reside, shall be ported into the intitled to any allowance for leakage on wines imported into find islands th; s kingdom from either of.thft said islands, unless a certificate, trie? where under the hand and seal of the British consul refidi'ng in the coun-British consuls try where such wines shall be first shipped, shall have been pro-are resident, duced at the time of the importation into the said islands, or ei-eeroficates*therofthem, before the royal courts there, and tshall have 'been fror^them, regiftened in the same, teflifyifigthat such wines were shipped and produced Tor the said islands, orone Of them, in British bottoms, unless at the court* in tithe of a&iial war, and that the same ere theprdpefty of Brh

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 24, 25. 73

/4ft fabje&S only, specifying the name of the vessel in which such the wine* were shipped, and the name of the matter or commander )wntd'| thereof, and also the quantity of such wines; which certificate, them to the indorsed by the maonrates of the royal courts, or any three of allowance for them, shall be transmitted to the collector, or other proper of- leakage, &c. freer of the customs, at the port where such wines shall be landed in this kingdom.

IV. Provided always, That in case such wines shall be im- if such wines ported from the said islands, or either of them, into this king- be imported dom, in different pareels, the said certificate shall accompany the, er<"* first parcel of such wines so imported; and with regard to the remainder of such quantities to be impoited in any subsequent j, w accom. parcel or pareels, the same shall be certified by the shipper of pany the first such wines, upon oath made before the royal court of the island Parccl*pd -; from whence such wines shall be imported, testifying the same

to be part of the wine contained in the said certificate from the [1^dipper, British consul, and declaring what quantities and parcels of the 7 lame have been shipped, in what vessels, and to what ports, with the quantity the said different parcels so shipped amount to.

V. And be it fiarther enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Act 33 Geo, an Act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty Kim Gorge the Second, intitled. An act to continue an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her hue majesty $>veeri Anne, entitled. An act for the better encouragement off the making of £ut doth in Great Britain, which was to continue in force until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fluty (even, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the (atne is hereby further further con-continued from the expiration thereof, to the twenty ninth tinned to9 day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy (bur, Sci*t* '77 and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An act to permit the exportation of certain quantities of malt belonging to certain merchants in the county of Norfolk, and which were made for exportation between the fifteenth of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and the passing the act of the last session for prohibiting the exportation of malt.

Preamble, reciting clauses in aft 6 Geo. 3. and 7 Geo. 3. and S Geo. 3.

Merchants of Wells impowered to export to Holland (too quarter* of

long malt now lying in the King's storehoules, on or before*June,76!,

which a* declared and entered for exportation on or before 16 Dec. 1766}

the exporters giving security and the proprietors are thereupon discharged from all penalties in respect thereof.

CAP. XXV.

An act for reducing the duties on foul salt to be used for manure; for altering the stamp duties on certain policies of assurance; for amending so much of an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the allowance of the duties of customs, and exempting from the duties of excise such

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 25.

[1767.

rum or spirits of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the British sugar plantations in America, as shall be exported from this kingdom; for better securing the excise duties upon foreign liquors imported; for repealing a clause in an act made in the last session of parliament, prohibiting the sale of condemned tea for home consumption; for amending such parts of two acts made in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, as relate to the depositing, in the warehouses belonging to the custom-house at London, foreign wrought silks and velvets, and cambricks, and French lawns, upon the seizure thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS all white felt, the product or manufacture of the kingdom ^/England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, is, by several aits of parliament, charged and chargeable with the payment of three (killings and four pence a bushel duty, at the rate of fifty six pounds weight to the bushel, and no more, to be paid, or securedjo be paid, by. the makers or proprietors thereof, before the same'can be removed from the salt works where the same is made: And whereas, in the manufacturing such white salt, considerable quantities of foul salt, called by the several names of grey or fcrow salt, salt fcdle, sand scale, or crufiings, are necessarily produced, which cannot be applied to the curing of provisions, nor can the same be removed from the [aid salt works, as the laws now (land, without thek payment of the said duty of three shillings and four pence a bushel, which is consider ably more them the value thereof; and it is apprehended Jhat the said foul salt may be a useful, manure and very beneficial in agriculture, in case the same were charged and chargeable with only a small duty 5 may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords, spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Prom 1 May, assembled; and by the authority of the same, That from and 1768, all foul after the £rft day of May, one thousand seven hundred and six-faltat the salt ty eight, all grey or ferow salt, salt scale, sand scale, and crust-STargeabte mgs or other foul salt whatsoever, already produced, or here-'with a duty of afte/ to be produced, at any of the Taid (alt works, shall he charge #d. per bushel ed and chargeable with the payment of a duty of four pence a "ty* bushel only, at the rate of fifty six pounds weight to the bulhcl,

to be paid in ready money, without any allowance for discount on prompt payment, or allowance for waste of salt carried coast-wife, by the makers, or proprietors thereof, before the same shall be removed from the salt works where the same has been, or hereafter shall be, produced or made; which said duty shall he Duty to fee un* un<jer the care and direction of the commissioners for the re-m^ffionerTaiid ce*Pt> management, and government, of the duties on salt, ap-officers for the.pointed or to be appointed by his Majesty, and of the officers for salt dutiesj&c. the said duties on salt for the time being, in the same manner as the duties of salt now are managed, levied, collected, or yeceiv-

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 25. 75

ed; and shall be paid and applied in inch manner as the duties now payable on such foul salt are paid and applied.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Notice to be from and after the -laid first day of May, one thousand seven giwntothe hundred and sixty eight, no such foul (alt shall be delivered by |£°Pfer

the maker or proprietor from any- salt work or works without ry ofany such notice first given to the officer appointed, for that purpose; nor Alt;

shall any carrier, or other person or persons whatsoever, remove, and entry to carry, or convey, any such foul salt without due entry of the bemadethere-fame, and payment of the duties hereby imposed thereon, or of*t2e

without a warrant or permit for carrying the same, under such amj a

pains and penalties as are mentioned and contained in the acts permit ob-of parliament relating to salt, or any of them; to be levied, rc- tained, &c. covered, and distributed, by such ways and means, and in such manner and form, as the duties on salt were thereby appointed.to be levied, recovered, and distributed.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, g0].

That if any person or persons shall, after such foul salt has been on employing removed from any salt work or works, use, employ, or consume, the-Aid alt the same for any other purposes whatsoever than for the manur-to ing of land as aforesaid; he, she, or they, for every offence, that'ofma' shall forfeit and pay the sum of sixty pounds; one third part nure. thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and the remainder thereof to such person or persons who shall inform or -

sue for the same; which laid last-mentioned penalty and forfeiture shall be recovered and levied in such manner and form, and -with such power of mitigation, as any fine, forfeiture, or penalty, is or may be recovered by any law or laws of excise, or by action of-debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; wherein no efibin, protection, or privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed. '

IV. And whereas by an oli made in the last ftffien of parliament, Recftil of intituled An act for altering the stamp duties upon policies of c*^*'° assurance; and for reducing the allowance to be made in respect jteriogtbe* of the prompt payment of the stamp duties on licences for retail- fttmp duties ing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors; and for explaining upon policies and amending several acts of parliament, relating to hackney of assurance^ coaches, and chairs, after reciting that by an act made in the fifth

year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for altering the stamp duties upon admissions into corporations or companies, and for further securing and improving the stamp duties in Great Britain; it was, among ether things, enacted, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five. If the properties of more than one person in any flap, cargo, or both, or of more than a particular number of persons in general partnership, or ef more than one body politic or corporate, to a greater amount in the whole than the sum of one hundred pounds, in anyship, cargo, or both, be assured on the same policy, such policy should be void, and the premium paid thereon remain the property of the ajfurer\ ,

with a proviso that it should and might Jbe lawful to ofsure, or cause

76 Anno octavo Georgii III. £ 1767.

f* S^rW)& properties of any, number of parfbns whatsormer, in any ship, cargo* or both* by one policy JkmpM with fine frapp* of five Jbi&ngs each.; any thing therein contained: to the contrary notwithstanding \ and after reciting- that such part of the find aft as be* fore recited, had been found very inconvenient to merchants, traders, and others r refuting; out of the kingdom, and injurious to the cam- mental dealings thereof; it was enabled {among, other'things) That from and after the first day. of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven % it should and might be lawful to ajsure, or caufie to he assured, the properties of any number of persons whatsoever, in any firipy cargo, or bothy to the amount of any fumy net exceeding in the whole the sum of one thousand pounds, by a policy fidmped with a stamp of five shillings; and that it should and might be lawful to assure, or

eause to be qfsured, the properties of any number of persons whatsoever, in any ship, cargo, or bothy to the amount of any sum whatsoever, by one policy stamped with two damps of five shillings each; and that every policy fostamped, should be good, valid, and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever % my thing in the fund recited act of the fifth year of his prejont moiefifs reign, or any former act to the contrary notwithstanding; with a proviso, that if any rifqueov ad- venture, dtftinft from the rifqup or adventure mentioned in the origin ml policy, and Upon which any further premium should be given, should be, by any writing or declaration not duly damped, added to any such original policy, such additional affurame should be void, and the premium paid thereon should remain the property of theajsurer, audit was there-by further enabled. That if any person or persons should be sued or prosecuted under and by virtue of the said act, fur the assuring the prok perties of any number of persons whatsoever in any ship, cargo, or both, to a greater amount than the sum of one thousand pounds, h a policy stamped with a Jlatnp of five shillings only \ then, and in such case, the proof as. to the amount or value so offered Jboifid He on the person or persons that should be so sued or profecuied, and not on the person or persons who should sue $r projectile: And whereas a doubt has art fen, whether the property of a single person, to any amount, required more iST hftomp of five shillings: therefore, be it enacted by the au«

eves, whereby thority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of May, one property, to thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, all policies of assurance theappunt by which the property of one person, or of a particular number Perfcw> w one general partner ship, or of one body politic or sured, ' are to corporate, in any ship, or cargo, or both, shall be allured to the have two 5$. amount of more than one thousand pounds, shall be stamped ft amps, See. with two five shilling (lamps 5 and that every fiuch policy, which shall not he so damped, shall be void) and the premium paid Persons sued thereon shall remain the property of the adorer, for affiiring V. And be it further declared and enabled by the authority Too^ pro-forefa»d, That if any person or persons shall be sued or property, by a feouted under and by virtue of this act, for adoring the property policy with a of one perfo.n, or of a particular number of persons in one gene-5 s. (lamps partnership, or of one body politic or corporate, in any ship, or ony' cargo, or both, to a greater amount than the sum of one thousand

are to prove pounds, by, a policy damped with a damp of five Shillings only; the amount and in such case* the proof as to the amount or value so

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c.

allured (toll lie on tfce peffen orperfo«s thafcflurilhe (b leed or or*atue 46.prosecuted, and not on the person or persons who ihafl foe or profecote.

VI. Provided always, That ifamy riftpje or adventure distinct And any ad- from the riftfue or adventure, mentioned in the original policy, ditirtial stand upon tvhioh any farther premium shall be given, shall be,

by any writing or declaration not duly damped, added to any cy, 8wh«rethe such original policy, such additional anurance shall be void, and nfque a dif-she premium paid thereoti shall remain the property of the af- tina there-surer. from,

VII. And whereas by an all made in the thirty third year of the pJemiunTfs^ reign of his Idte majesty King George the Second, intituled An act given, is to be for encouraging the exportation ofrum and spirits Of the growth, only damped produce, and manufacture, of tht British sugar plantations from also>

this kingdom; and tjf British Spirits made from nfeltflbs; it is, Recital of, fansongfi other thikgs) enacted, That upon the exportation of rum or clauses in aft spirits of the growth, produce, and manufaUure, of the BritMh^Sgitr plantations in America, from ftm kingdom as merchandize, there exportation shall he an allowance of-allrhe duties of tufim payable vtpon the impor- of rum and tatiOh'dffteb nans or spirits, and that the famefhaUbe freed and spint* of th HftMrgod ftm ad duties of exiife in fitch manner as therein is di- nt'^ relied-, but by the find OS, it is further enacted and required. That^all such rum or spirits so-io be exported/hall be proof spirits, and that the same /had ie certified by the proper officers to be proof spirits, before the bonds given for fimring and paying the duties of excise upon, the importation affitcb rum or Jpirkscanbe delivered up: And whereas great part if the rum or spirits of the growth, produce, andmanu-fahure, of the British sugar plantations* imported into this kingdom for exportation as merchandize, are not prof spirits; and by reason thereof, -Und by the find refirillion in the before recited act, the proprietor'of the find rstmdr spirits cannot, if on the exportation thereof, obtain the drawback of the customs, or be freed or difibarged from the said duties sf exnfe whereby <the good- end prepefed by' the said recited From sj alt wiil be in-great meosure, if not totally, frufretted-, be it there- March, 17 s*, fore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That From and after the f lPu5h of the twenty fifth -day of March, one thousandfe ven hundred and six- squires ibch ty eight, Yonauch of the find'reddedasaeqmres such ruin or ruJ, or rpirita (pints so to be exported to be preof (pints, and to be certified lb so to be expor-to be, shall be, undie-hereby repealed and made null and void; ted, tobepioof and that (ram thenceforth, upon exportation of rum or spirits {^ified as of the growth, produce, and mmtifacture, of the British sugar such, is re-ptantathoot, from this kingdom us merchandize, under-the roles, pealed; restrictions, and regulations, by - the said recited act established and upon the and referred to (atuhiutt bercbyrepesrled) there shall be an ai- drawback is* lowance or drawbatk of -all rite duties at cultoms payable upon to be allowed the importation thereof, and - such rum or (pints shall be freed of all the du-and dischargedfrotn-ull- duties «f excise, though the same shall ties payable not be proof (pints; anything in the Aid recited -act to the ^, "^011'm* contrary notuutitftahdrng. thereof.

Vitl. Andwheroasbym all-pqffiiin the thirty first- year of the

reign of isismafifiydSng-Qanugovbu-Stend, inttoukd, An-iitt for

COO-

78 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 25.

[1767.

si Gco.. re- continuing* certain laws thereiri mentioned relating to British Met* Ml doth, ' and to the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; and paymeatef to t^e allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpow-tte dudes on der; and to the encouragement of the trade of the sugar colo-fbreign excise. nies in America \ and to the landing of rum or spirits of the Bri-?w* % "or# tish fugjfr plantations before the duties of excise are paid there-

imported. on. and for regulating the payment of the duties on foreign ex-

cifeable liquors; and for the relief of Thomas Wharton, with rc- gard to the drawback on certain East India callicoes; and for rendering more commodious the new passage leading from Charing Cross; it was enacted, amongst other things, That from and after tVe fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, of any kind of foreign liquors liable to the dutiesjf excise, within thirty days next after the mafier or purser for that voyage of the/hip or vesselwherein the ., said foreign exciseable liquors, or any of them, Jhau be imported or

brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, ^// have or ought to have made a just and true entry or report, upon oath, of the burthen, con-.tents, and loacting, of such Jbtp or vtfil, in pursuance of the direction of the Statute made tn the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the rtigri of King Charles the second, intituled An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses in his Majesty's customs, shall make due entry with the officer or collector appointed for the excise, in the port or place where such foreign exciseable liquors shall bje imported, of all such foreign exciseable liquors on board such ship or vessel belonging to such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers 5 and shall then, or before, satisfy and pay the duties of excise due and payable for and in respect of the said foreign exifeatne liquors, and land the same, on pain to forfeit for every neglect or refusal to make due entry or payment, or to land the same, according to the directions of this act, all such foreign exciseable liquors, with the casks and package wherein the same shall be contained on board such Jbtp or vessel belonging to such proprie- for or proprietors, importer or importers, of the same, so neglecting or refusing, which shall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the excifej and that all feizufes to be made in pursuance of the said xCishall he applied, {the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deducted) one moiety to and for the use of his Majesty, his beirs, and successors; and the other moiety to the feizer or^prosecutor: And whereas since the puffing of the said Act, it frequently happens that foreign liquors liable to the duties of excise are imported into this kingdom, and duly reported, but the proprietor or proprietors, importer or, importers, or the persons to whom consigned, under pretence that the said foreign liquors are much under proof, or for other pretences, neg-leCl or refuse to make due entry or payment, or.to land the same, according to the directions of the find act, mdthe same become forfeited: And whereas the said foreign liquors when condemned are fold dutyfree, whereby the value (f the moiety of the said forfeiture, which by the said act is given to his Majesty, his hejrs, and fuccejhrs, is much less than the duty that would have, artfen had the same foreign liquors been duly landed ns they ought to have been; whereby many persons are tempted to commit great frauds and abuses to the\ prejudice of

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 5; 79

his Majesty's revenue, and of the fair traders: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the5 twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, the respective commissioners of excise in England and qUOrt habjetp Scotland shall, after condemnation, cause all such foreign liquors, the duties of liable to the duties of excise, 'which shall be seized for neglect or excise, and refufaV to make due entry or payment, or landing the same,°due0t within the thirty days, according to the directions of the said a<$, ^trvthereof, to be publickly (old to the bed bidder, at such places as the said Sec. are, after respective of shall think proper, for and towards condemn*^ satisfying the duties chargeable onimported foreign liquors liable i°ickit°^P?b* to the duties of excise $ and the qverplus (if any be) to be.ap- satisfyl plied to and for Nthe benefit of (he officer seising the lame: and ing the duties; in case the said foreign liquors, so to be sold as aforesaid, shall and the over-not be of value sufficient to satisfy, or shall barely satisfy, the f*U8? 8°? whole of the said duties of excise; then, and in such cases, the [ng the^amc1*" officer making such seizure shall be rewarded in such manger as But where the the said respective of shall think proper, such re- produce shall ward not exceeding two shillings per galion, to be in lieu of all bcaomore, or other allowances; any law, Statute, or provision, to the contrary dubJs^thL* thereof in any wise notwithstanding, the officer is to

IX. And whereas by an act made in the loft session of parliament, be otherwise intituled An act for taking off the inland duty of one shilling per rewarded, pound, weight upon all buck and finglo teas consumed in Great Recital of Britain; and for granting, a drawback upon the exportation of0*?^ teas to Ireland, and the British dominions in America, for a U- session, % ejau mited time, upon such indemnification to be made in respecting to the ex-thereof by the Epfi India company, as is therein mentioned j for portation of permitting the exportation of teas in smaller quantities than one condemned lot to Ireland, or the said dominions in America; and for pre- tca8t venting teas seized and condemned from being consumed id

Great Britain; it is, amongst other things, enacted, That all teas which shall be seized and condemned for being illegally imported, or for any other cause shall not be sold for consumption.within this kingdom, but shall be exported to Ireland, or to the British colonies in America, under certain restrictions, in the said act mentioned: And whereas the consumption of such teas in this kingdom will greatly reduce the price and value thereof, and thereby discourage the officers of.f the customs and excise from mating Jetzurys of such tea, and prosecuting the raised the same to condemnation, which will promote the illicit importation and aa, asprohi-smuggling of tea into this kingdom, and be very prejudicial to the pub- bits the felling lie revenue and the fair trader: be it therefore enacted by the au- ^uc, b fe*cd thority aforesaid, That from and after the passing or this a<$, cdt^Tfor111" such part of the said recited ac- as prohibits the felling for con- borne consumption within this kingdom such seized and condemned teas, iismptkm, ls( shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, repealed..repealed.

X. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the sixth year of Recital of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prohibit the fes m importation.of foreign wrought silks and Velvets, for a limited 6 co#*time; and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the (ilk mwufacture; iV/j, amongst other things,

enactedi

b Anna octavo Georgii III. c. 5: [1767.

tnaftei, Thatforthwith after the fetzure of any fncbforeign wrought fills or velvet, or other works made thereof or as fom after as conveniently may be, the fameshall he font to, and deposited tn, one of the and 7/Geo. t, Kinfs warehouses belonging to the euftom-house at London: And relating to the whereas by another act made in the lafi fijftm of parliament, intituled$ fending up to An act to amend and enforce the acts of the eighteenth, twenty London all first, and thirty second years of thdreign of his late majesty King wrouahtrCign George the second, for the more effectual preventing the fraudu-filksor cam-ent importation and wearing of cam bricks and French lawns; it bricks, &c. is, among/! other things, enacted, That forthwith after the fetzure of any fitch cambricks Or French lawns, or as soon after as conveniently may be, the same shall be lent to, and depofted in, one of the Kings warehouses belonging to the euftom-house at London: And whereas*the fending all such goods to London, immediately after fetzure, when seized at an out-fort of this kingdom, is attended with great inconvenience to the officers making such seizures, as % well as to the owners and propietors of such goods, who live at remote distances from London; for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority afore-AJJMTuch laid. That from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one from and af- thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, all such wrought silks ter 25 March, and velvets, and other works made thereof, and aH cambricks 176s, to re- and French lawns, which have been seized in Great Britain, for many cause of forfeiture, shall and may remain in any custom-wtoSwSs koufe watChouse where they are or were deposited; and all such there depofu- as shall be seized after the said twenty fifth day of March, shall be edf carried to, and deposited in, the next euftom-house, and shall

and such as remain there until the same shall be legally condemned, unless.shall be seized the commissioners of the customs for England or Scotland respec-aftbr the said tively shall judge it necessary and expedient todireft such goods carried^to°the 10 amoved Tooner from thence: and after such goodsshall be j

next custom- condemned in due course of law, it shall and may be lawful for'house, and re- the said respectivecoimnissioners to cause such goods to be mark-main there til! or stamped in such manner as they shall think proper, and unkfeThe brought to any of the King"s warehouses belongmgto the custpm- I commission-.houses at London or Edinburgh respectively, to ne there fold for ers shall direct exportation in the manner directed by the said acts of pariia-otherwise s mer herein before recited respectively relating thereto; any ^mation°nking therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

they are to be marked, and brought to die King'* warehouses at London or JEdinburgh, and there fold for exportation,

XI/ And be it further enacted by the authority afocefakl. That if any action or suit shall be commenced against.any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, ihe defendant ordefendants in any such action or suit, may plead the ge-Genemi uni* i^eral -issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shaft appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant ordefendants: and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgment shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants

shall

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 26. St

shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law,

CAP. XXVI.

An act to enable his Majesty to make leases, copies, and grants of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of the duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS his royal bighnefi George prince of Wales now

[Preamble.]

stands seised of the duchy of Cornwall, and the possessions thereof: and whereas it is necessary to enable his Majesty to grant offices, and to make leases and grants, by copy of court roll, of lands and hereditaments, parcel of the said duchy, or thereunto annexed or belonging, during the minority of his royal bigbnefi; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all leases and grants made, or to Leases, and be made, by letters patent or indentures, under the seal of grams of of-Great Britain, or seal of the court of exchequer, or by copy of land?* court roll according to the custom of the respfedtive manors, mentseiac-U* within seven years next ensuing, of any offices, messuages, cording*^ the parks, lands, tenements, or hereditaments (other than honors, custom of the lordships, or manors) parcel1 of the possessions of the said duchy respective ma-of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, shall be good and effectual ne?ten-in law, according to the purport and contents of the same Lingering*1" copies, leases, and grants, against our sovereign lord the King, panel of the his heirs, and successors, his royal highness George prince of duchy of Wales, and against all and every other person or persons who shall, at any time hereafter, have, inherit, or enjoy, the said good duchy, by force of any act of parliament, or by other limitation and valid, whatsoever.

II. Provided always, That every such lease or grant so made, Restrictions or to be made, be not for more than one, two, or three lives, are limited, or for one and thirty years, or under, or for some term of years determinable upon one, two, or three lives, and not above; and if such leases or grants be made in reversion or expectancy. Conditions that then the same, together with the estates in possession, do with respect not exceed three lives, or the term <rf one and thirty years, orto the said some term of years determinable upon one, two, or three lives,, ca or and be not in any wise made difpunishable of waste; and so gran as, upon every such lease or grant, there be, or shall be, reserved the ancient or most usual relit or more, or such relit as hath been reserved, yielded, or paid, for the same lands or hereditaments, for the greater part of twenty years next before the making of the said leases or grants; and where no such relit hath been reserved or payable, that then, upon every such lease, there be, or shall be, reserved a reasonable relit, not being under the twentieth part of the clear yearly value of the messuages, parks, lands, tithes, tenements, or hereditaments, contained

82 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 27J [1767.

in such lease or grant; and all leases and grants otherwise made, or to be made, shall be null and void.

All cove-

III. And be it further ordained and enabled by the authority nons*' a °d re" a^ore^a^i That all covenants, conditions, reservations, and fervations, &c. ot^cr agreements, contained in every lease, grant, or copy of contained in court roll, made or to be made as aforesaid, shall be good and every such effectual in law; according to the words and contents of the ikc^eclared^atne» as wc^ for and again# them to whom the reversions of as^good and ^ame lands, tenements, and hereditaments, shall come, as valid, 1 for and against them to whom the interest of the said leases, as if the Ena grants»or.coP>cs shall comerespectively, as if our sovereign lord the were seised of King's majesty, at the time of making such covenants, con-the fee-simple. ditions, and reservations, and other agreements, were seised of an absolute estate in fee-hmple in the same lands, tenements, or hereditaments.

General re-

IV. Saving always to all and every person and, rirhul°n bodies politic and corporate, their heirs and successors, execu-s tors, administrators, and assigns, other than to our said fove-

reign lord the King, and his heirs, and successors, and the duke and dukes of Cornwall for the time beiqg, and his and their heirs, and all and every other person and persons that shall hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy, the said dukedom of Cornwall^ by force of any act of parliament* or other limitation whatsoever; all such rights, titles, estates, customs, interests, tenures, claims, and demands whatsoever, of what nature, kind, or quality soever; of, in, to, or out of, the said offices, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any of them, as they, or any of them, had or ought to have had before the making of this act, to all intents and purposes, and in as large and ample manner and form as if this act had never been had or made; this act, or any thing herein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for the further continuing several acts of parliament made for the encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majesty's subjects.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS divers acts of parliament have hen made for the encouragement of his Majesty's subjects to carry on and improve the whale fishery, which) by the bounties given by the said aRs, did greatly increase, to the advantage of the trade and navigation of these kingdoms: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Act 5 Geo. 1. assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made which was \n tjle fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the several*t*lc Second, intituled An act for encouraging the Greenland subsequent fishery) which was to continue in force for nine yean, from the a6t$ or twenty fifth day of December) one thousand seven hundred and thirty one; and which act, by an act of parliament made in, the 13 Geo. z. thirteenth year oi his laid late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. a 27.

continuing the several laws therein mentioned, relating to the premiums upon the importation of mafis, yards, and bowfprtts, tar, pitcht and turpentine j to British made sail cloth, and the duties payable on foreign fall cloth j to the Greenland, and to the whdle fjheryi for granting a further bounty for all flips employed in the whale fishery during the present war j for exempting barpooners and ethers employed in the Greenland fishtry trade from being imprtffed', and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be pom for the indentures and controls of clerks and apprentices, was continued unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and front thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which ad, by an act of parliament made in the twenty second year of his laid late Majesty's 11 Geo.*reign, intituled An act for the further encouragement and enlargement of the whale.fi/bery, and for continuing Jueh laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto; and for the naturalization of such foreign protestants as J, hall same, for the time therein mentioned, on board Jueh flaps as Jbeil be fitted out for the said fishery, was further continued unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament j and which ad, by an act of parliament made in the twenty eighth year of his said late it Geo. 1. Majesty's reign, intituled An act for continuing, explaining, and amending> the several aits of parliament made for the further encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majesty's. subjeSh \ and (a authorize the payment tf the bounty to Thomas Hood and others, upon three flaps fitted out for the said fishtry, and loft in the Greenland ftas, was further continued unto the twenty fifth day vi-December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which said several acts, by an act made in the fourth year and*Geo. j. of the r$ign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for continuing several alls of parliament made for the encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majtftfs subjects, were further continued unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand^ seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same are hereby further continued from the time in the said lad-mention- further coned ad limited, from the expiration thereof, unto the twenty tinned to fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, »j Dec. 1770. and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. '

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The act of That an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his said late 6 Geo.. Majesty, intituled An act for the further encouragement of the — nrinwrfbv whale fishery carried on by bts Majesty's subjects, which was to be feveraWVib-in force during the continuance of the act of the fifth year of sequent acts, his said late Majesty's reign', intituled An act for encouraging the Greenland fishery, and which was, by the said act of the thirteenth year of his said late Majesty's reign, continued unto the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred

is further continued to »5 Dec. 1770.

The act of ax Geo. x. % which was continued by fevera) subsequent adti.

is further continued to X5 Dec. 1770.

The act of Geo. 3.

Anno octavo Georgii III. g. 27; X*7^7#

and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which alt was, by the said act of the twenty second year of his said Majesty's reign, continued unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament3 and which act was, by the said act of the twenty eighth year of'his said late Majesty's reign, further continued unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament 3 and which act was, by the said act of the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, further continued unto the twenty fifth day of Dumber, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be and the same is hereby further continued from the time in the said last-mentioned act limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twentjr fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said act of the twenty second year of his said Majesty's reign intituled An act for the further encouragement and enlargement of the whale fishery, and for continuing such laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto; and for the naturalization of such foreign, protestants as shall serve % for the time therein mentioned, on board such ships as shall be fitted out for the said fishery3 which was to be in force from the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of a parliament 3 and which was, by the said act. of the twenty eighth year of his said late Majesty's reign, continued unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament 3 and which alt was, by the said act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, further continued unto the twenty fifth day of December^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the

then next session of parliament 3 shall be, and the same is hereby, further continued from the time in the said last-mentioned alt limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence tohe end of the then next session of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said act of the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for continuing fevsral acts of parliament made far the encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majesty's subjects 3 which was to be in force frons the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. a 8, 29. 85-

then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same is here- is further con-by, further continued from the time in the said last-mentioned tinued to act limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day5 Dec. 1770. of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for licensing a playhouse within the city of Norwich.

WHEREAS in and by an act of parliament made in the tenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George chu/iTui act the Second, to explain and amend so much of an ait of the twelfth to Geo.. year of the reign of §>ueen Ann, for punishing rogues, vagabonds,

Jlvrdy beggars, and Vagrants, as relates to common players of interludes, it is provided, That no person or persons shall be authorized, by virtue of any letters patent from his Majesty, his heirs, successors, or predecessors, or by the license of the lord chamberlain of his Majesty's houshold for the time being, to ait, represent, or perform, for hire, gain, or reward, any interlude, tragedy, comedy, opera, play, farce, or other entertainment of the stage, or any part or parts therein, in any part of Great Britain, except in the city of Westminster, and within the liberties thereof, and in such places where lit Majesty, his heirs, or successors, shall in their royal persons reside, and during such residence only: and whereas it may be proper to impower the lord chamberlain of his Majesty's houshold for the time being, to grant his licence to persons to represent and perform plays and other entertainments of the stage within the city of Norwich; may it therefore please your most excellent Ma-» jetty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord chamberlain of his jx>rd chain- Majesty's houshold for the time being, and he is hereby au- berlain im-thorized and impowered to grant his ^licence or licences, from P°wcr*? to time to time, to any person or persons to represent or perform f^nce forth* for hire, gain, or reward, within the said city of Norwich, any performing such tragedies, plays, operas, or other performances of the occasionally stage only, or any part or parts therein, as have already been <uch plays or shall hereafter be licensed by the chamberlain of his Majesty's houshold, at such times and seasons only as shall be ex- as fcave been, pressed in such licence; 'the said recited act of the tenth year of or shall be, the reign of his late Majesty, or any thing therein contained, to duly licensed the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. to&n am*

CAP. XXIX.

An act for redeeming the remainder of the joint stock of annuities established by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all

86 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 29.

[1767.

cyder and perry; and for raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the said duties.

Most gracious Sovereign, p w

WHEREAS in pursuance of an act made in the third year routing act of your Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to 3 Gcp. 3, his Majesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry; and for raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and lbtteries, to be charged on the said duties; the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds was raisid for the public service; which sum was to be deemed one capital and joint Jiocky and to be attended with annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum redeemable by parliament: and whereas one fourth part of the said capital and joint stock was redeemed on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty in pursuance of an act made in thelafi fiffim ofparlia-menty whereby the said flock was reduced to the Jim of two millionsfix hundred and twenty five thousand pounds: and whereas your Afajefi/s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembledy have refolvedy that one third part of the find capital Jhck which should remain after the said fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eighty be redeemed and paid off on the fifth day of July following; and that such part of the said capital stock as Jboula remain after the said fifth day of July, be redeemed and paid off in manner following; that is to say, one half of such remaining part of the said capital Jiocky on the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; and the other halfy being the residue of such capital Jiocky on the fifth ip of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine; and several public notices have been given pj the said resolutions, by the speaker of the house of commons, pursuant to the orders of that house: therefore, your faithful commons, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com* moos, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-Notices given thority of the same, That such notices as aforesaid shall be, by the (peak- and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, good and fuf-d^mfoeYhe fic*cnt notice and notices, within the true intent and meaning of remainder of the said act, for the redemptions, at the times aforesaid of such the joint stock part of the said capital and joint stock as remained unredeem-e(j after the said fifth day of January, one thousand seven hun* theredt^b7 4^ aw* sixty and of the annuities attending thereon, ^of 3 Geo. and the same shall be redeemable and redeemed accordingly.

3. as remained unredeemed on 5 Jan. 1768, deemed good and sufficient.

The following IE And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* fiima to be if- That out of all or any the aids or supplies granted in this fef-sued to the fion of parliament (except any particular aid or supply which w*out o bath been, or shall b$ in the same session specially and intirely

apprqT

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 29/ 87

appropriated to any one particular use or purpose) there shall the (applies and may be issued and paid to the governor and company of j»r*hted the bank of England., on or before the times herein after limited, 0en before the following respective sums of morfey for the purposes herein 5 July, 176s./ after mentioned; that i$ to say, on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, the sum of 875, 0001. eight hundred and seventy five thousand pounds, for redeeming on that day one third part of the said sum of two millions six hundred and twenty five thousand pounds, being the remainder, after the said fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, of the said capital and joint stock; and on or before the tenth day of O&aber, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, a like sum of eight hundred and seventy five by to Oft. thousand pounds, for redeeming on the said tenth day of Qfto-75>°°o1* bery one other third part of the said sum of two millions six hundred and twenty five thousand pounds; and on or before the fifth day of January* one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, a like sum of eight hundred and seventy five thousand by 5)311.1769, pounds, for redeeming on the said fifth day of January, the re- 875, 0001, maining part of the said capital and joint (lock: which respec- Thc money live sums shall be applied by the said governor 2nd company in issued to be" payment of the said three turns of eight hundred and seventy applied by the five thousand pounds each, for the redemption, and in full batik in pay. satisfaction of the said respective parts of the said capital and J^feveraf joint dock, on 'or before the respective days herein before sums, mentioned for redeeming and paying off the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Money to be That on or before the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven at

hundred and sixty eight, the said tenth day of October, one thou- et sand seven hundred and sixty eight, and the said fifth day sinking fund, of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine re to the bank, spectively, there shall and may be issued and paid at the re- ?or discharg-ceipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to jhe governor and com- Unties au" pany of the bank of England, out of the surplusses, excesses, tending such or overplus-monies, commonly called The Sinking Fund, such part of the sums of money, as shall be necessary for the discharge of the annuities attending such part of the said capital and joint dock, |j«cmed^as shall be redeemed on each of the said days, to every such'day respectively tnelusive,; which sums shall be applied by the said governor and company in payment of such annuities accordingly, at the same time that the respective parts of the said capital and joint (lock (b to be redeemed, shall be discharged and satisfied; and that such annuities, in respect of each part And^of the said capital and joint stock, shall cease, determine, and0ceafb from be extinguished, from the time of the redemption thereof re- the times of spectively; and that the payment of all the annuities which redeeming shall become due on the tenth day of October, one thousand them, seven hundred and sixty eight, upon account of such part of Such as d^l the said capital and joint stock as shall remain, and shall not then be redeemed and paid off, shall, together with the charges, 76st with the of the management of all the said annuities, after the fifth day charges of

G 4 of management.

88

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 29, X*7^7*

to be paid one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, be, and

of, the P the same are hereby charged upon, and shall be payable and

are out sinking fund, to the bank,

and the monies for these purposes are to be iiTued by aq order of treasury,

paid out of, the said fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, to the said governor and company of the bank of England, who shall apply the monies so issued, in payment of such part of the said annuities accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies which are by this act authorized or appointed to be paid out of the said fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall and may, by order of the commissioners of the treafqry, or any three or more of them, or the high treafu-toth^tfank^ rer ^or t*mc ^c*nS> without any farther or other warrant to by way of be had in that behalf, be iiTued and paid at the receipt of his

ifnprctt. Majesty's exchequer, to the said governor and company, out of

the said fund, by way of imprest and upon account, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Turns of money as have been charged thereon by any act or acts. made in any former session of parliament; but in preference to any sum or Turns directed to be paid thereout by any ad of this session of parliament.

Annuities to V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-jbe paid up to rity aforesaid, That if all or any of the principal monies com-the days ap- ppfing such respective parts of the said capital and joint ftocfc, th^particular hereby intended to be redeemed on the said fifth day of July* redemption pne thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, the said tenth day tjhe*eof. of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, and 'the said fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, shall be paid and satisfied at the bank of England, before the respective day appointed for any such redemption; the said governor and company shall, in every such case, pay, and they are hereby impowered tp pay, in respect of the principal monies so discharged, the full sum which the annuities attending the same would have amounted unto, on the day herein before mentioned for the redemption of such part respectively 5 any thing herein, or in any other act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority incur anydif- aforesaid. That the said governor and company, or any mem-ability in re- her thereof, shall no* incur any disabdity for or by reason of spect of this his or their doing apy matter or thing ip pursuance of this act,$ VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, jnolened, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing therein contained such person or persons shall and peneral issue. may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his and their defence; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his qr their action, or.be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them upon demurrer, or other-Xreble coils. wife; then, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs <'*o him or them awarded again# such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. jo.

CAP. XXX.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking Fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

[Preamble.]

1, 150, 000!. granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year; to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury impowered toraifethe said sum, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund 5 and to strike tallies of loan, with orders for re-payment of the money so advanced; the interest thereof to be paid quarterly. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment, nor fee to be taken3 on forfeiture of* treble damages, with full costs. Penalty of undue preference in point of registry or paymentj to be recovered Sn any of the courts of record at Westmin fter. No undue preference, which of the tallies or orders brought the same day, are entered first } nor if subsequent orders are paid before, others not brought in course, so as money be referred for the precedent orders. Power of assignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raise the said sum by'exchequer bills, instead of toans. AH advantages and penalties in the malt* act of this session, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorized to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer billsj interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund, Bank authorized to lend the said sum, notwithstanding aft 5 & 6 Will. & Mary. 400, 000). payable into the exchequer by the East India company, and produce or the duties on gum Senega and gum Arabic 3 to be issued towards making good the said supply. 70, 0001. out of such monies as shall be paid into the exchequer between 1 Feb. 176S, and 5 April, 1769, produce of the revenues reserved for the difbofition of parliament, towards the charge of defending the colonies in America, to be applied accordingly. 106, 358!. 178 8d. out of the several films, &c. herein particularized; to be applied in making good the supply granted towards defraying the extraordinary expences of he land forces, &p. incurred, to 15 Dec. 3767. not provided for. Appropriation of the supplies. The monies arising by the malt tax, land tax, loans, lottery, East India agreement, and other sums remaining in the exchequer, &c. together with the several sums before granted and specified, and such sums as shall arise by sale of lands in the ceded islands 3 viz. out of the aforesaid aids, 1, 5x6, 3571. nd. towards naval services herein specified. 159, 3281.11 s. 6d. for charge of the office of ordnance; 68, 944b 11 s. nd. to the said office, for services performed in 3766, not provided for. 1, 196, 1x51. 138. id iq. towards the land forces, and other services in general 3 of which 69$, 1111. ns. iod. and seven eighth parts of 1 d. for guards and garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey; 316, 950b 48. 9d. and seven eighth parts of r d. for guards and garrisons in the plantations, and Africa, Minorca, and Gibraltar, Sec. and provisions for the forces abroad3 7, 116 ). 173. id'. 1 q. to make good the difference of pay between the British and Irish establishment of troops in the Me of Man, Gibraltar, Minorca, and ceded ifiands3 11, 137b 78. 3d. for general and general staff officers 3 131, 4311. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines 3 1, 7151. 13 s. to the two troops of horse guards, and regiment of horse reduced, and to the super-annuated gentlemen of the troops of horse guards; 5, 117b 14s. for reduced officers, with the 10th company of battalions reduced 3 1, 536 b to the pen (ions of officers widows; 108, 949 b 17 s. 6d. to the out-petitioners of Chelsea hospiral93, 629 b 6 s. 6d extraordinary expences of the land forces, and other services incurred, and not provided for 3 i, 8oo, oPPb towards paying off exchequer bills issued pursuant to an act of the last session; 10, 500b to make good to his Majesty the like sum issued pursuant to the addre/s of the house of commons 3 5, 000 b for a passage to the house of commons; 3, 895 b is. Hd. for supporting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia 3 3, 986 b for the civil establishment of Georgia 3 4, 750 b for (he pivil establishment of East Florida 3 4, 400b for the civil establishmbnt

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 31.

[1767.

of West Florida; a 0361.14s. towards expence of general surveys in America; 13, 0001. for the forts and settlements in Africa, under direction of the African company; 5*5501. charges of the civil establishment of Seitegambia; 09, 000!. to the foundling nospital; and x, ooool. towards apprenticing children from thence: blit not more than 7I. to be given with any one child; and both Aims to be issued without fee* 3, 0001. to the trustees of the British Museum. 53, 9801.17 s. gd. 30. to replace to the fink-ingfund the like fom iflaed thereout, to make good tn£ deficiency of the fund for paying annuities established by act 31 Geo. s. 59, 31x1.16 a* 10 d. to re* place to the said fnnd the like sum paid thereout, for deficiency in annuities on the act of 3 Geo. 3. 19s. 6d. % q. to replacejothe sinking fund

the annuities granted in respect of certain navy and victualling bills. See. unredeemed; 8, 750!. to replace to the sinking fund the like sum ifiiied thereout, to discharge the annuities attending such part of the joint stock e&abfished by act 5 Geo. 3. as was redeemed in pursuance of an act of the last session. 391, 4841.4*. $&. and threeeighthnartsof 1 d. to make good the deficiency of the grants for the last year. Theft aids to be applied to no other uses. Rules to be observed in the application of the half-pay. aft 7 Geo. 3. Rales to be obstrved in the application of the surplus of the federal fume of i351S991. 8s. 4d. appropriated' in 1766, to the pay. meat of reduced officer*.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by way of annuities, and a lottery attended with annuities, to be charged on the sinking fund; and for carrying certain duties on wines, and on cyder and perry, granted by two acts of the third and sixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, to the said fund.

[Preamble.]

The fnm of 1, 900/1001. granted; to be raised, viz 1, 300, 0001. thereof by annuities, and 6oo, ooool by a lottery. Natives or foreigners, who, in books opened at the bank, nave subscribed to the said sum of 1, 900, 0001. and aepofited 15I. percent, of their subscription-money, are to pay the remainder as herein airefted. 101. percent, by 19 April, 1768; sol. per cent, by 7 June; 151. per cent, by 19 July; 151. per cent, by no August; 15!. per cent, by si October; and sol. per cent, by 05 Nov. Subscriptions to the lottery to beipaid, viz. S5I. per cent by 17 May; 301. per cent, by sS June; and 40I. per cent.by 8 Sept. Subscribers to the said sum of 1, 300, 0001. intitled to an annuity of 31, per cent* Interest to commence from 5 Jan. 1768. The 600, 0001. to be raised by a lottery, to carry an interest of 3 L per cent, to commence from 5 Jan. 1769. In-tcrefton both films to be paid half-yearly, on 5 July, and 5 Jah. Subscribers paying the whole of their subsenptions towards the annuities on or before 17 0£toberr and to the lottery on or before 15 June, to be allowed interest, ' by way of discount for the same. Tickets for the lottery to be delivered to subscribers com pleating their subscriptions. Annuities made transferrable. Receipts to be given for the money paid in towards the said fnm of 1, 300, 0001. the same are made transferrable.'Cafiiier of the bank to give security for duly accounting for, and paying over the said monies into the exchequer. Treasury to apply the money to the services voted this session. Names of contributors to be entered in books to be

Provided by the accomptaot general of the bank; to be inspected gratis: duplicate to be transmitted into the auditor's office of the exchequer. Contributors duly paying their contribution-monies, intitled to a proportionable share of the annuities; and the same are to be tax-free; but where the sums subscribed shall not be duly paid, the depofir, Set. is forfeited to the publick.a Credit to be given, in the books at the bank, to contributors completing their payments to the said sum of 1, 300, 0001. Persons, to whose credit such films shall be placed, may assign the same; the said sums to carry 3I. per cent, interest, and be deemed transferrable dock. Annuities charged on the sinking fund. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them after to the cathiera of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the remainder of the tickets. Tickets of the

- 7^7*} Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 32 .*

middle columns to be rotted up, and fattened with ilk; and cut off in-lentwife into a box marked with the letter (A) Box to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared with % columns, on each of which 60, 000 rickets to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 5001. to the first drawn ticket, and 10001. to the last drawn. Tickets of the outermost columns of the last-mentioned book to be rolled up and tied, andcusout indentwife, into a box marked with the letter IB) Box to be locked up and sealed. Publick notice to be given of times* or putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on 14. Nov. 1768. Method to be observed in drawing. fee. After each day's drawing, the boxes to be locked up and sealed. Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the same, to be printed. Disputes relating thereto to be adjofted by the managers. Penalty of forging tickets or certificates, felony. Managers to be sworn. Caftiier, on receiving the residue of the sums subscribetl, the bearers intitl'ed to one lottery ticket for every* 101. subscribed. Contributors not making good their payments with respect to the said lottery, within the times limited, to forfeit their deposits; and the tickets for such sums to be delivered back into the exchequer. Managers, fee. to be paid by the of of the treafiny. Limitation of file of chances, fee. Penalty. Persons felling shares in tickets'of which they are not possessed, forfeit 5001. Offences committed in Ireland against acts for preventing unlawful lotteries, declared to be punUliable, and may be sued for in Dublin. After the drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates. Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates, fee. Books to be kept for entering persons names, and the number of their tickets, fee. Certificates to be signed, fee. Accomptant general to give audit for the principal sums in the certificates. Alignment* may be made of the said sums, fee. Certificates to be filed and cancelled, and notes to be given in lieu thereof. Bank to employ a chief clerk and accomptant general. Monies to bp issued out Of the sinking fond, from time to time, to the said clerk, for payment of the annuities3 who is to apply the same accordingly, and render an account thereof. Accomptant general to inspect the receipts and payments, with the vouchers. Annuities deemed a personal eft ate, and to be added to the joint stock transferable at the bank j subject to redemption. Transfer books to be kept by the accomptant general. Method of transferring stock. Annuities devifeable by will. Entry to be made of such clause in the will. Treasury to pay all incident charges attending the execution of this act 3 and to make an allowance to the cashier, and accomptant general; to be at the disposal of the governor and company of the bank. Bank to continue a corporation till these annuities be redeemed, fee. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying the contribution-monies; annuities, fee. on penalty of so 1. The monies arising by the duties upon wines and vinegar imported, granted by act 3 Geo. 3. and duties upon cyder and perry granted by act 6 Geo. 3. Sec, are to be carried to the sinking fund, towards making good the annuities granted by the recited act of 3 Geo. 3. until redemption of the capital, fee. Duties to be continued, notwithstanding such redemption. General ifiiie. Treble oofts.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for carrying into execution an agreement made between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the said city, and Stamp Brooksbank esquire, secretary to the Commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, for the purchase of Gresham College, and the ground and buildings thereunto belonging; and for vesting the same unalienably in the crown for the purposes of erecting and building an excise office there; and for enabling the

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 32.

[1767.

lecturers of the said college to marry, notwithstanding any restriction contained in the will of Sir Thomas Gresham knight, deceased.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS tie house and buildings now made use of forth managing and conducing the business of his Majesty's revenue of excise, situate in the Old Jewry, London, and called or known oy tie name of The Excise Office, are, for want of necessary room for the officers and clerks, found very inconvenient find insufficient for the well ordering and conducing the business of the said office, which business hath, of late years, been considerably encreased: and whereas the said house and buildings, as well from their confiruBion, as from the number and nearness of the ancient houses which confine and fur-round the same, are greatly exposed to fire, and no place has been, nor can be there found fefficient and proper to secure the records and papers of the said office from fiuch accidents; and as the lease of the said house and buildings will expire on the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, it is nuessary that some more safe, fit, and commodious place be prepared, to which the said office may be removed: And whereas the messuage, tenement, edtfices, and buildings, now called and known by the name of Gresham College, situate in the parish of Saint Helens, in Bishopsgate Street, and in Saint Peters the Poor, in the city of London, have, upon enquiry, been deemed a proper and convenient place for the erefling and building an office for the managing, conducting, and carrying on, the business cf his Majesty's revenue of excise: and whereas upon consideration of the premtjfes, the Commissioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise did, by and with the consent, approbation, and direction, of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, treat with the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the myfiery of Mercers of the city of London, who are seised of the said college called Gresham College; and in pursuance of fiuch treaty, articles of agreement bearing date the tenth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, have been mutually entered into by and between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonqlty of the myfiery of Mercers of the city of London, of the one part, and Stamp Brookflbank esquire, secretary to, the Commissioners of his Majestfs revenue of excise, of the other part, whereby the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the myfiery of Mercers j of the city of London, for and in consideration of one yearly annuity \ of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all parliamentary and other taxes, payments, charges, and de- \ du ft ions whatsoever, to be settled on the mayor and commonalty and j citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the myfiery of Mercers of the city of London, for ever, to commence from the feaftday of Saint Michael, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, and to be issuing and payable out of his Majesty's revenue arising from the duties of excise, as in the said agreement is mentioned, havf confuted and agreed to surrender, yield, and give % p, the

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 32. 93

the said messuage or tenement called Gresham College, herein after more particularly mentioned, and described> with all its rights, member s % and appurtenances, to be settled unalienably in the crown, for the purpose of making, ere fling, establishing the re, office for the condufling and carrying on the business of his Majesty's revenue of excise9 and to be called dr known by the name of The, Excise Office: and whereas the said agreement cannot be carried into full and compleat execution without the authority of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fifth day of From and March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, all that afte^March messuage or tenement called Gresham College, in the parish of 176*1 the.Saint Helens, in Bishopsgate Street, and in Saint Peter's the Poor9 in the city of London and all the ground thereunto belonging; College, and containing on the wed front next Old Broad Street in length, the ground, from north to south, two hundred and five feet, little more or &c. thereunro less; and from the south end of the said front, pointing east- belonging; ward, extends ninety feet fix inches $ then turning to the north fifty five feet fix inches, then to the east eighty five feet three inches, then to the south five feet fix inches, then to the east nine feet, then to the south twenty one feet five inches, then to the east twenty eight feet nine inches, then to the south twenty six feet two inches, then to the east twenty seven feet, then to the north twenty seven feet two inches; and from thence to Bishopsgate Street eastward in an irregular line eighty four feet nine inches; from thence to the north on the east side thereof next Bishopsgate Street is a gateway under one of the houses there of about ten feet wide from north to south, used as a coachway from, Bishopsgate Street into the said college and premises; then on the north side of the said gateway from Bishopsgate Street pointing towards the west is thirty four feet four inches, then turning northward thirty feet eleven inches, then to the west forty five feet ten inches, then to the north seventy one feet fix inches, then to the west forty nine feet, then to the north fifteen feet eight inches, then ttAhe west twenty one feet seven inches, then to the north thirty six feet, and from thence to the west on the north side, which joins nearly at right angles to the west front in Old Broad Street, one hundred and eighty fix feet fix inches; and at the south end of the said west front next Old Broad Street, over a passage of five feet wide, or thereabouts, leading into Sun Yard, is a building belonging to the said college, which extends from west to east twenty three feet eight inches,

together with all erections and buildings now erected and built upon the said ground and premisses above described, or any part thereof, or that shall or may, at any time hereafter, be built and erected thereon, or any part thereof, with all the rights, with all rights members, privileges, immunities, exemptions, ways, paths, privileges passages, waters, watercourses, easements, commodities, emolu- ^nd enjoyed

ments, therewith,

94 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 32.

[1767.

are declared merits, advantages, and appurtenances whatsoever, to the said to be vetted messuage, tenement, and college, or any part thereof, belong-nexed una- >nS atK^ usually held and enjoyed therewith, shall be, and be lienably to' deemed to be, and are hereby declared to be, vested in and an-the crown; nexed to the imperial crown of this realm, and shall be and remain for ever unalienable from the same; and his Majesty, and his successors in the imperial crown of this realm, shall for ever have, hold, and enjoy, the same, against the mayor and commonalty and ritizensof the city of London* and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Merttrs of the city of London, and all and every person and persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, or any of them, freed and discharged of and from all former estates, leases, or other incumbrances whatsoever, made or granted of the said premisses, or any part thereof, in full satis- II. And be it enacted bV the authority aforefiua. That in full faction far satisfaction for the said college, ground, and premisses, so vested fcall"belaidn an<* annexed to the crown as aforesaid, there Audi be paid to out of tire re- mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, venue of the and the wardens andcommonalty of the mystery of Merttrs of excise office to the city of London, for ever, one yearly annuity of five hundred the city of pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all to°the°Mer parliamentary and other taxes, payments, charges, and deduc-cers company-tiens whatsoever, payable quarterly on the four most usual feast an annuity of days, or days of payment, in the year, to commence from the Sh°f per?nn* I*3 day of Saint Michael, one thousand seven hundred and sixty trepaiTqvutf- e'j?ht» the^quarterly payment to be made on the feast day terly i of the nativity of our blessed Lord, in the said year one thousand the first sand seven hundred and sixty eight, and to be issuing and pay-payment to able out of the revenue of excise, and to be paid at the excise office in London, from time to time.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on

tfieperfens Pa7ment of the said yearly annuity of five hundred pounds, or appointed by any part thereof, by the receiver general of his Majesty's duties the city and of excise for the time bring, the receipt of the mayor and com-'Merceri commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and SifcHaree to* commonalty of the mystery of Merttrs of the city of London, or the receiver of such person as they shall appoint to receive the lame, shall general of the be a discharge to such receiver general for the sum of money ex-duties of expressed in such receipt, and the same shall be allowed (bch re-wment*. ce*ver general on passing his accounts; and in case the said an-If such oa* - nuity> or any Part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the ments are not Ip906 of twenty one days next over or after any of the said feasts, 'duly made, or days on which the same shall become due and payable, after an action may having been lawfully demanded at the office aforesaid, it shall be brought J a°d may be lawful to and for the mayor and commonalty and; against such citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty: receiver ge- of the mystery of Mtrttrs of the city of London, so bring an neral. ariion at law, in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, against the receiver general of his Majesty's duties of excise for the time being, to recover the money due; in which action no essoin, wager of law, or protection, shall be allowed; and in

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 32; 95

case the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in such action, he or and fall coftthey shall be intitled to full costs. allowed onre-

IV. And whereas purfiumt to the last mil and testament of Sir covcnn£* 'Thomas Gresham of the city of London knigbc deceased, four per-/fvw /no/ /v //sir, keen chosen, nominated, end appointed* by the mayor and commonalty and citizens Of the city of London, to read lectures of divinity, ajironomy, nmftck, and geometry, within she said college \ and also eight per fens have hern, from time to time* appointed by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of London* to inhabit eight ahnflmfes fending within, or adjoining to, and part of, the said college5 and also three persons have, from time to time* been chosen, nominated, and appointed, by the wardens and commonalty of the my fiery of Mercers of the city of London to read Ic&ures in law, phyjuk, and rhetorick, within the find college and such seven persons so chosen, nominated, and appointed, to read fitch lectures have, by the directions of the said will, bad apartments within»the find college for the purpofo of refolding the re and reading fitch lectures: and whereat the fatdfoveralfoven persons so chosen, nominated, and appointed, to read the find k8ure$, and the said, eight alms folks* the better to enable the mayor and commonalty and citisoons of tie city 4^ London, and the wardens and commonalty of the myfitry of Mercers of the city of London, to perform their part of the agreement entered into as aforefind, have respectivety agreed and consented to relinqmjh and quit their apartments and ahnflmfes; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor and commonalty 501. per an-and citizens of the city of London do and shall pay, or cause to clear of be paid, unto the four persons who now read the said kdures in divinity, astronomy, musick, and geometry, and to their fuc- to their cessors who shall, from time to time, be chosen, 'nominated, ieveralle&ur-and appointed, to read the said lectures, and to each and every erf> 1? <*»(* of them, the yearly sum of fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all parliamentary and other taxes, mentsreUn* payments, charges, and deductions whatsoever, by even and quiflied by equal quarterly payments, in lieu and instead of their respective them in the apartments so by them agreed to be relinquUhed and given up, and over anti above the faiartes and stipends found, provided, beVtidquar-and allowed, to them for reading the same Je&uresj and in like terly.' manner that the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of and 50 L per Mercers of the city of London do and shall pay, or cause to be annum by the paid, unto the three persons who now read the said lc&ures in Mercers corn-law, physick, and rhetorick, and to their successors who shall, Maurers, in from time to time, be chosen, nominated, and appointed, to lieu of their read the said lectures, and to each and every of thqm the yearly apartments s sum of fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all parliamentary and other taxes, payments, charges, and deductions whatsoeuer, by even and equal quarterly payments, in lieu and instead of their respective apartments so by them agreed to be relinquished and given up^ and over and above the salaries and stipends found, provided, and allowed, to them for reading the same lectures; the first quarterly payments the first quar-of the said yearly films respectively to be made on the feast day terly pay-.. of meats to be

gS Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 32.

[1767.

made on5 of the nativity of our blefiedLord, in the said year one thousand Dec. 176S. seven hundred and sixty eight.

An additional V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That sum of 501. in consideration of the great age and infirmities of Henry Pern-Pr berton doctor of physick, the present reader in, physick in the

MercOTcom* college, and of his long residence therein, the said wardens pany to doctor and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the city of Lon-Pemberton don shall, over and above the said yearly sum of fifty pounds by'during his this act provided for the reader in physick for the time being, by

"fe* like quarterly payments pay, or cause to be paid, unto the said

Henry Pemberton, the further additional yearly sum of fifty pounds for and during the term of his natural life, free and clear of all taxes and deductions whatsoever.

The city, and VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Mercers com- That the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of pany, to pro- London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of piace^ftxTthe Mercers of the city of London, do and shall, from time to time, reading°of and at all times hereafter, find and provide sufficient and pro-

left ures i per place or places for the present fevfen professors, and all fuc-

ceeding persons to be chosen, nominated, and appointed, for the reading the lectures in divinity, astronomy, musick, gep> and for the metry> law, physick, and rhetorick, to read the same in accord-habitation of ingly; and also like sufficient and proper place and places* for the aim* folks the habitation of the eight alms-folks now or hereafter for the of the college, time being.

The city and VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Mercers com- That the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of, pany are to London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of 1 ceiver general Mercers of the city of London, do and shall, within the space of of the excise, one month from the passing of this act, pay, or cause to be paid, within a unto the receiver general of his Majesty's duties of excise, the 1S00I. sum of one thousand eight hundred pounds, for and towards the chareeof cxPence polling down the said college and the building an pulling down excise office there; and the receipt of such receiver general shall the college, be a sufficient discharge for the same.

and building VIII. And whereas it may be found necessdry for the more com-

excise of- moMm* building the said office, r or for rendering the same more convenient and proper by any future buildings to be addea thereto, that a

power be veiled in the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the

purchasing lands or tenements for those purposes; be it therefore en-

Persons pof- acted by the authority aforesaid, Th&t it shall and may be law-

sessed, &C. of ful to and for all bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, and all

tenements alT tru^ees> mortgagees, and feoffees in trust, guardians of infants,

shall b£ found a°d committees of lunaticks, tmd ideots, executors, and admi-

necessary for nistrators whatsoever j and all and every other person or persons

rendering the whomsoever; who are or shall be seized, possessed, or interested

said b"°ing in, any lands or tenements standing, or being contiguous or

dious, areTm- adjoining to, the said college, to bargain and fell the same to

powered to fell such person or persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's

and convey treasury now being, or any three or more of them, or the high

tth % rDmCof<f treasurer> or the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the mat purpose j time

97

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 32.

time bcin£, or any three or more of them, shall, by writing under his or their hands, appoint to contrail for the purchase thereof, for the purpose aforesaid $ and such lands or tenements so to be purchased, shall be conveyed to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, by deed or deeds to be inrolled in his Majesty's court of King's Bench; and when to purchased, shall be, and be deem- and after coned to be, and are hereby declared to be, veiled and annexed to yeyance and the imperial crown of this realm, and shall be and remain for eyer unalienable from the same 5 and all contrails, agreements, sale the pre-and Tales, and all conveyances by such deeds inrolled as afore- mififes are to* said, which shall be made by such bodies politic, corporate, or veil in the collegiate, or other persons aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual cro^{1 unali-to all intents and purposes 5 any law, statute, or usage, or any cna other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding: and all Money mud and every sum and Turns of money which shall be paid to or for for the lame the use of such body politic, corporate, or collegiate, or other J° be laid out person or persons aforesaid, for the purchase of any lands or te- chafcs^r^to nements for the purposes of this all, shall be respectively laid be settled to out, and invested in, the purchase of other lands, tenements, the same use| and hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subjell to, such titles, uses, trails, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the lands and tenements fold for the purpose of this act were settled, limited, and allured, at the time of such sale, and shall be held and enjoyed accordingly 5 and until such purchase-money shall be remveded in lands and till that as aforesaid, the same shall be laid out in the purchase of docks can bedone, in some of the publick funds, or placed out on government or 2£nieof t£ real securities, at intered; and such intcred shall be paid to and public fundi, for the use of such person or persons as would have been intitled to the rents and profits of the lands and tenements lo fold for the purposes of this all, as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All acts, &c. That when the excise office shall be built at Gresham College a- done at the foresaid, and the said office shall be kept and held there, the exucifeK same shall be called The Excise Office, and that all and every all Gre&am CoL and alls, thing and things, matters and concerns, made, done, ie?ef deemed and executed there, for the receipt and management of his Mz-f awalid at if jesty's duties of excise, shall be and are hereby declared to be ^ne?t^as good and valid in the law, to all intents andepurposes, as cSntwryT such all or alls, matters, things, or concern's, would have been, J

had the same been made, done, and executed, at the said office of excise in the Old Jewry, had this aH never been made.

X. Saving always, to the King's most excellent majesty, his Reservatio* heirs and successors, and all and every person and persons, bo- of rights, dies politic and corporate (other than and except themayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mydery of Mercers of the city of

London, and all persons claiming by, from, and under them) all such estate, right, title, and intered, in, to, and out of, the said college, ground, and premisses, hereinbefore mentioned, or Vol. XXVIII. H any

The lecturers authorized to marrjr, and read lectures afterwards, notwithstand* ing any re-ftrjftion or limitation in Sir Thomas, Grelham's will.

Preamble

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.

[1767.

any part thereof, as fully and amply, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made.

XI. And whereas in and by the said last will and testament of the said Sir Thomas Grelham, the mayor commonalty and citizens of the tity of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the city of London, were directed to permit and suffer the seven persons elected and appointed to read the seven lectures in the said will mentioned, to have the occupation of all the mansion-house, gardens, and other appurtenances, (now called Gresham College) for them, and every of them, there to inhabit, study, and daily to read the find fevered lectures: and whereas in and by the said will it is directed, that no person chosen to read any of the said lectures should be suffered to read, any of the said lectures after that he should be married, nor should receive any fee or stipend appointed for the reading of the said lectures: and whereas in pursuance of this act the said college mil be pulled down and taken away, and the collegiate life of the said lecturers, intended by the said Sir Thomas Gresham, will, by the pulling' aown of the find college, be put an end to\ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said seven lecturers, or their successors, or any of them, to marry, notwithstanding any restrictioncontained in the said will; and each and every of the said lecturers, and their successors, shall, notwithstanding their being married, be suffered to read their said several lectures after they shall be married, and shall be intitled to receive the fee or stipend appointed for the reading of their said several lectures; and the mayor, commonalty, and citizens, of the said city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the said mystery of Mercers, and their successors, shall not be or be deemed guilty of any misapplication of such sum or sums of money as shall be paid in fees or stipends to the said lecturers, though married; any restriction or limitation in the said will contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for opening certain passages, and for paving the streets and other places, in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein.

WHEREAS the high streets called Holywell Street Church End, and part of Kingsland road, leading from Norton Falgate, to the Cherry Tree in Kingsland road, and a lane called Hog Lane, and also another lane coded Holywell Lane, in the parish of Sunt Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, are extremely ill paved, and the passage through the same greatly obstructed by posts and projections', and annoyed by fpottis, signs, and gutters, and the present methods prescribed by law are ineffectual fir removing such annoyances and obstructions, and fir the proper paving of such streets and lanes, and keeping such pavements in sufficient re-Utr may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted;

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33, $3

and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty* by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Sir William Beauchamp Commission* Froffir baronet, George Cooke esquire, Sir James Eafdaile, the cr$ name#t reverend Jobrt'Hotkam ML A. archdeacon, John Paterson, William Tyfer, John Calvert, Benjamin Clempson, Thomas Scott, Samuel Scott, Benjamin Cowley, Dirk Witternoon, Andrews Panke-man, Nahum Crofley, esquires; captain John Baker, captain Joseph Hindman, JamesWood, John Hatnmon, Robert Plimpton*

Simon Forjier, John Aspinal, Edward Lambert, Richard Rutfm,

William King George, Joseph Netufom, James Stewart, William Wilson, John Caplin, Robert Pdrier, William Green, Joseph Po-cock, John Norris, William Goodman, John Mort, Sampson Jessop*

Thomas Chancellor, Arthur Deane, Matthew Ebborne, Georg* Farmer, John Pippin, John Banks, Samuel Dunnage, Peter Arnaud,

John marshall, Benjamin Mills, Samuel Ament, Edward Hutchin-Jon, James Clarke, jofephTitterton? William Collier, William Man-fel, William Pigge, Samuel Sewell, James Laird, John Simmonds,

John Horsley, John Marne, Joseph Page, Edward Brown, John Oldham, Thomas Cooper, Charles Morton, William Clarke, Peter Whitlock, William Fricker, gentlemen; John Withers, Richard Nicholas, Benjamin Rofewell, Henry Newcom, James Calvert, James '

Calvert junior, CadWallader Coker, esquires; William Feaftx Benjamin Barnsley, Robert Rpmley, Joflma Wilkinson, Andtew Pritchard, John Maxey, Michael Forjier, William Carpenter, John Arthur, gentlemen; John Spiller, Thomas Boddington, George Adey,

Join Barclay, Richard Watnwright, esquires; Louis Qgier, Wit* liamjourdain, Joseph Pickles, Tefdale Webb, and William MajkaU, gentlemen; shall be, and they and their ftccefiors, to be eleSed in manner herein after-mentioned, are hereby appointed of for putting this act in execution: and in case of the On death* &c» death of any of the said of, or refusal to act, of commis-it shall be lawful for the farviving or remaining of, fio^rs^othcfe or any nine or more of them, from timeto time, by writinguto- to be der their hands and seals, to elect one; other person to be a commissioner in the room and (lead of the commissioner so dying, or refuting to act; ten dayi publick notice of the time and place of meeting for every such election being given, by affixing the same in writing upon the principal door of the parish chitrch of Saint Leonard Shoreditch; and every person so elected, shall be, and he is hereby veiled with the same powers for putting this act in execution, as the person, in whose place he shall be 'elected, was vetted with.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person (Rail be capable of acting as- a commissioner in the ex-ecurion of this act, unless he shall in his own right, or in the right of his wife, be in the actual possession or receipt of the rents of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of forty pounds; or possessed of, or intitled to, arpersonal estate of the value of one thousand pounds: and si any pere

Ha

Penalty on acting if not qualified.

No' victualler to act under this act.

meeting.

In default of l sufficient

iOo Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33; [1767.

fan, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of this act; every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, together with colts of iuit, to any person or persons who shall sue for the same; v to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record, by action of debt, or on the case, or by bill, suit, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, and wherein the proof of qualification shall lie on the person prosecuted; and it shall be sufficient for the prosecutor to prove that the person so prosecuted had acted as a commissioner in the execution of this act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person who shall sell ale, wine, or any spirituous or fermented liquors, by retail, shall be capable of acting as a commissioner under this act.

Time and

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, p, |i? ofcom" That the said of, or any five or more of them, shall m oner* meet together at the vestry room of the said parish church of Saint Leonard Shoreditch*.on the second Monday after the passing of this act, and shall then and there proceed to the execution of this act, and they are hereby impowered to adjourn themselves, from time to time, to meet at the same place: and if at any meeting fb appointed, there shall not appear a sufficient number to acr, of of to act or adjourn to another day; or

in case the said of so assembled, shall omit, neglect, or refuse to adjourn themselves, then, and in every such case, pny two of the said of, or the clerk to the said commissioners, shall appoint a meeting of the said of to be held within ten days after at the same place; and publick notice whereof shall be given by affixing the same in writing upon ihe principal door of the aforesaid parish church, at least six days before such adjourned meeting.

V. Provided always, That no order or determination of the said of shall be valid, unless the same shall be made at a meeting held in pursuance of this act; nor shall any commissioner hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, as aforesaid, be capable of acting as such, during the time he shall enjoy any office of profit by virtue of the powers given by this act, or have any share or interest in any contract relating to the execution thereof."

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

polm^cers Tlfat the said of, or any five or more of them, shall po*apd may, by any writing under their hands and seals, appoint

one or more clerk or clerks, surveyor or surveyors, and such other'officers, for the execution of this act, as they shall think proper;

and*remove and, from time to time, remove him or them, and appoint poi^othw^" others, as they shall find necessary or convenient; and by and out Commission- of the money to be raised by virtue of this act may, and are here-er* to allow by impowered to pay such salaries and allowances to such offi-officers frla- ^ers$ and to all other persons by them the said of em-nca* ployed in the execution of this act, as they shall think reasona-

ble;

Clerk to: notice ot ano-

; ive

ot s

ther meeting.

No aft valid, except at a publick meet ift&V

Commissioners notto aft where inter-efted.

Commission-

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.' ios

ble: and the said of, or any five or more of them, officers to shall and may take such security for the execution of the respec- Sive fccHW* tive offices, by such person or persons as aforesaid, as the said of, or any five or more of them, shall think pro- -per: and such person or persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the several tolls, rates, or sums of money, hereby grants ed, shall pay the same to such person or persons as shall, from time to time, be appointed to collect or receive the same as heroin after-mentioned: and all such officers and persons so to be Officers toac-appointed as aforesaid shall, under their hands, at such time and uP°n times, and in such manner, as the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall direct, deliver to such of -.,

true and perfect accounts in writing of all matters and things committed to their charge by virtue of this act; and also of all monies which shall have been by them respectively received by virtue and for the purposes of this act, aftd how much thereof has been paid and disbursed, and for what purposes, together with the proper vouchers for such payments; and shall pay all such monies as shall remain in their respective hands to the of, of any five or moreof them, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint; and all the said officers and persons (b accounting as aforesaid shall, upon oath, if thereunto required (which oath the said of, or any two or more of them, are hereby imr powered to administer) verify their said accounts: and if any Officers re* officer or person shall not make and render, or shall refofe to veT fusing to aerify upon oath, any such account, or to produce or deliver up count> the vouchers relating to the same, or to make payment as aforer said; or shall not deliver to the said of, or any five or more of them, or to such person or persons, as they shall sq>-

point, within ten days after being the reunto required by any five or more of such of, all books, papers, and writings, in his custody or power relating to the execution of this act; or, shall refuse or neglect to pay such monies as, upon the balance of any account or accounts, shall appear to be in their respective hands, to the said of, or any five or more of them, or as they shall direct or appoint; then, and in any of the cases may be sued j aforesaid, such of, or any five or more of them, may, and are hereby authorized and impowered, to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions in the names of such % »-

of, or in the names of any three or more of them, against the officer or officers, person or persons, so neglecting, or refilling as aforesaid, in order for the recovery of the monies tfiat shall be in the hand? of such officer or officers, person or persons respectively; or if complaint shall be made by the said commis- or if com-{ioners, or any five or more of them, or.by such person or per- plfint be made fons as they mall appoint for that purpose of any such refusal to justices, or neglect as aforesaid, to any justice of the peace for the county or place wherein such officer or officers, person or persons, so neglecting or refuting shall be and reside; such justice may, and justice* to en-is hereby authorized and required, by a warrant or warrants un* quire into the der his hand and seal, to cause the officer or officers, person or dcftu*c»

JO

affd levy the balance by distrefi and file.

Ter want of diflfrefi, offen« dertobecom* Butted*

Provish.

On death of officers, executors* Sec. to account*

Officers taking rewards*

See disqualified, and forfeit fool.

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.

[176?r

persons, lb refilling or, neglecting, to-bebrought before him*and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the matter in a luminary way: and if, upon the consession of the party or parties, or by the testimony of any credible witftefs or witnesses upon oath, it shall appear to such justice, that any of the monies that shall have been collected.

Or raised by virtue of this act, shall be in the hands of such officer or officers, person or persons* such justice may, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon the non-payment thereof, by warrant or warrants under his hand and seal, to cauCe such money to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels rof such officer or officers, person or persons offending in the premiAes respectively: and if no goods or chattels of such officer or officers, person or persons, can be found sufficient to 'answer and satisfy such money, and the charges ofdistraining and felling the same; or in cate it shall appear to such justice* by the confession of the party so offending, or by the testimony of any credible withefs upon oath, that any books, papers, ' or writings, relating to the execution of this act, shall be in thfe custody or power of any such officer or person, and he shall refute to deliver the same as aforesaid; then, and in either of the said cases, such justice shall commit every such offender to the common gaol of the county or place where such offender shall be and rende; there to remain without bail or mainprize until he shall give and make, a true and perfect account and payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said of, or any live or more of them, and shall have paid such compolition, in such manner as they shall appoint (which competition the said of, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make) and until he shall deliver up such books, papers, and writings as aforesaid, or give satisfaction in respect thereof to the said of, or any five or more of them.

VII. Provided, always, That no person who shall be committed on account of his having no goods or chattels, shall be detained in prison for any term longer than six months.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That upon the death of any such officer, or other person, to be appointed as aforesaid, his executors'or administrators shall, within twenty days next after such decease, deliver to the said of under this acte, or any five or more of them, an account of the monies collected or received by the person so deceased for the purposes of this act; and shall also deliver all books, papers, and things, concerning his office to such person or persons as the said of, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same; which money, if any due, shall be paid by the executors or administrators of the person (o deceased in preference to, and before any of, his or their other debts are paid or satisfied*

IX. 'And be it: further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, Who shall be employed by the said commissioners as a clerk, surveyor, or any other officer or fervaftt,

W

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33, 103

in the putting this act:, or any of the powers thereof, in execution, shall exact, take, or accept, any fee or reward whatsoever* other than such Salaries, allowances, and rewards, as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said of, or any five or more of them, for or on account of any thing done or to be. done by virtue of this act, or on any account whatsoever relative to the putting this, ad in execution; or shall be any ways concerned in interest in any bargain or contract made or to be made by the said of, or any of them, for the purposes of putting this act in execution; every such person, so offending, shall be incapable of ever serving dr being employed under this act, and shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, within six calendar months after the of- fence committed, in which no efioin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Streets tatofi the said of, or any five or more of them, shall havePaved* v full power and authority, from time to time, to cause, order, and

direct, the said streets and lanes to be paved, repaired, raised, funk, or altered, when and in.such manner as they shall think fit*

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Materials may

the said of or any five or more 6f them, shall have be dug out of full power and authority to cause to be dug, carted, and carried "lta

out of or into the said streets and lanes, such gravel, (tones, orthc*other materials, and to employ such artificers, workmen, and

other persons and to issue such money on those accounts, and to do all and every such other acts and things as the said of, or any five or more of them, shall judge necessary for ac-compliflung the purposes of this act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission-That the said of, or any five or more of them, may, er# may make and they are hereby impowered, from time to time, to contract contraa#* with any person or persons for paving and keeping in repair the

said streets and lanes above described, or any of them; which contract and contracts shall specify the several works to be done* and the prices to be paid for the same, and the time or times when the said works shall be completed, and the penalties to be suffered in case of non-performance thereof; and shall be signed by the said of, or any five or more of them, and by the person or persons contracting to perform such works; but I previous to the making of any such contract, fourteen days notice .?

shall be given in same publick news paper, expressing the intention of such contract, in order that any person or persons, willing to undertake the same, may make proposals for that pun pose to the fitid of at a certain time and place in flick*notice tc be mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Property of

That the property of the pavements, and all materials and things /

which shall be provided and made use of for the purports of this

.'H 4*

Penalty on

interrupting

workmen.

ChaanuffioA-

ere may fell old materials. Scc.

Notice to be # given of tak-Ing up pave* menks, &c, for repairing any Vaultj drain.

Commission* era may con* tratt with companies for relaying such pavements.

On refbfal of payment, an adkion may be brought*

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.

[1767.

ad, shall be, and the same are hereby veiled in the salt! of; and they, or any five or more of them, are hereby, authorized andimpowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions in the name or names of any one or more of them, or to prefer, or order and diredk the preferring of, indidfc-ments against any person 01* persons who shall steal, take, or carry away, any part of such materials or things, or jdisturb them in the possession thereof.

XI v. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, obstruct, hinder, or molest, any surveyor or surveyors, or other officer or officers, workmen, person or persons whatsoever, who is, are, or shall be, employed by virtue of this act in the performance or execution of their duty; every such person so offending shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings, for the second offence the sum of forty shillings, and for the third and every other offence, the sum of three pounds.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, or any five or more of them; shall have full power and authority, from time to time, to fell 4nd dispose of all or any part of the old pavement, or other materials, to such person or persons as shall be willing to purchase the famer and to apply the purchase-money to the purposes of this act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any part of the pavement of the said streets or lanes shall be taken up. for the purpose of making, repairing, altering, cleaning, of emptying, any fewer, vault, or drain* or of laying, altering, or amending, any water pipe or plug, or for any other purpose whatsoever, the person or persons so taking up such pavement shall immediately give notice thereof to the surveyor or clerk to the commissioners for putting this act in execution, in order that the same may, with all convenient speed, be laid down and repaired, under the inspection of the said surveyor; and the charges and expences thereof shall be paid by the said of, and they shall be reimbursed the same by the person or' persons, companies of water-works, or commissioners of (ewers, who shall take up, or cause or procure to be taken up, the said pavement, or any part or parts thereof.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said of for putting this act in execution, or any five pr more of then}, from time to time, to compound and agree with the said companies, or of of sewers, or other person or persons respectively, for a certain sum of money; by the foot or other measure, as the said of for putting this act in execution, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable, in lieu and instead of laying down or repairing such pavement as shall be necessarily taken up for any the purposes aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case such person or persons, companies of water-works, or of of sewers respectively, shall neglect or refiife to

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.' 105

pay -what the said of should have so paid and difi-bursed, or what shall be due upon such contract or composition as aforesaid, within ten days next after notice thereof to be left by the surveyor or clerk appointed, or to be appointed, by the said of, at the dwelling-house or last place of abode of such person or persons, or of the secretary or (ecretaries, clerk or clerks, of such companies of water-works, or of of sewers respectively (which notice shall be in writing, and '

signed by the clerk to the commissioners for putting this act in execution, by order of the said of, or any five or more of them, and annexed to the bill containing an account of the expence of such repair, or money due upon such composition) it shall and may be lawful to and for the said last-men-tianed of, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to bring, dr cause to be brought, any action or addons, in the name of their clerk for the time bang, for the recovery of such sum or sums of money respectively: and in case such person or persons, hereby directea to give such notice to the surveyor or clerk to the commissioners for putting this act in execution, as is before directed, shall ne-gledt so to do for the space of twenty four hours after such pavement shall be so taken up, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission-That if, /or the purposes of this act, it shall at any time be ers to pay for found necessary to raise, fink, or otherwise alter, the position of titering pipes, any of the pipes or plugs laid down or placed by the said companies, or of any of the leaden or other pipes which shall be

laid into or from any of the said companies pipes, which the said of, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to cause to be done as osten, and in such places, as they shall think, proper, the same shall be paid for out of the monies arising by virtue of this act, and shall be done with as little detriment or inconvenience to the said companies, and other persons, as the circumstances of the case will admit of.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Where any of That whenand so often as it shall happen that any pipe or pipes the water belonging to any water companies shall break or burst in the companies said streets or lanes, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful {^ce tobe to and for the surveyor to the said of for the time given to such being, or such other person as the said of, or any companies, five or more of them, shall appoint for that purpose, to give immediate notice thereof to the pavior of the water company to

whom he apprehends such pipe or pipes does or do or may belong, hnd-require him to take up the pavement, and open the ground at.or near the place where the water shall or may. issue by reason of such pipe or pipes breaking or bursting, within two days next, after-such notice given to such pavior, or left at his last or ofual place of abode $ and if, upon taking up the pavement, and opening the ground, it shall appear that the pipe or pipes so broke'or burst do not or doth not belong to the water f; company

10$ Anno octavo Georgii III. c/33.' fiy67*

Company whole pavior shall have taken up such pavement and opened such ground; that then, and in such case, the Purveyor or other person as aforesaid shall give immediate notice to the pavior of that company to whom it shall appear that the said'pipe or pipes do or doth belong, such notice to be given or left with such pavior, or at his last or usual place of abode; and the pavior of the company to whom such pipe or pipes Audi belong Is hereby required to repair the lame, and' fill in the ground, within two days after such notice given or left as. aforesaid j and also within twenty four hours after such pipe shall be repaired, and the ground filled in, to give notice to the pavior or paviors th t th°T*De «ontnaing with the said of, or to the surveyor or j doe* not ot^cr potion aforesaid, of such pipe or pipes bong repaired, and long to the such ground being filled in, such notice to be given to such con-, company who tractor, surveyor, or other person, or left at his or-their last or usual place of abode: and in case it shall happen that the pavior, are to be paid && receives notice to take up the pavement and open the 1

their charges ground for the purposes aforesaid, shall take up such pavement by the com- and open such ground, and it shall then be discovered that the pipe P»"y t"hom or pipes which is, are, or shall be burst'or broke do or doth not " 044 6elonS' belong to the company to whom he is pavior; that then, and

in such case, the pavior of the company to whom such pipe or ! pipes do or doth belong shall make satisfaction to the pavior who so took up such pavement and opened such ground for such work: and in case the pavior to whom such notice shall be so given to take up such pavement and open such ground, shall1 neglect or refofe to do the same within the said two days after, notice given, he shall, for the first offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings, for the second offence the sum of > forty shillings, and for the third and every other offence the sum of three pounds: and in case the pavior of the company to whom such pipe or pipes so broke or burst shall belong shall neglect or refofe to repair and amend the same, and fill in the ground so taken up, for the space of two days next after such notice given, or shall neglect to give notice to the pavior or paviors contracting with the said of, or to the surveyor ! to the said of, or to such other persons as aforesaid; such pavior shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of twenty Ihillifi^s} for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings} and for the third and every other offence, the sum of three pounds: and if the person or persons contracting with the said of to relay such pavements, so broken or taken up for the reasons aforesaid, shall neglect or refofe to relay such pavement, in a good, sufficient, and effectual manner, within two days after such notice given to him as aforesaid, or if the surveyor or other person to whom such notice shall be given shall neglect to acquaint the contractor of fooh notice} then, and in every such case, the person or persons so offending shall, for the first offence, forfeit the fom of twenty shillings} -.for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings; and for the third and every other offence, the sum of three pounds.

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. $f. 107

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Pariorto That every pavior now appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, wat*r com- by the said several water companies who shall have any pipe or pipes laid in, through, or under, any of the streets or lanes with- surveyor or in the district comprized in this act, shall, and he is hereby re- clerk, of their quired, within the space of eight days next after the passing this nae* act, or within the space of three days next after he shall be ap- abode* pointed pavior to such company or companies, and within the space of three days next after every removal of his abode, to give notice, in writing, to the surveyor or cleric for the time being to the said of of his the said pavior's name and place, of abode, and to what company he is pavior: and in case any such pavior shall neglect or refuse to give such notioe within the respective times aforesaid; every such pa-vior, so offending in either of the said cases, shall, for the first offence forfeit the sum of twenty shillings; for the second offence, the sum of forty shillings; and for the third and every other offence, the sum of three pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No alteration That no person or persons shall make, or cause to be made, any° be made in alteration in the form of any of the pavements of the said (Ireets J{j* -

or lanes, or of any part thereof, without the consent and direc- mTn" tien of the said of, or any five or more of them, un- out consent of der their hands and seals, upon pain of forfeiting, for every such the commis-offence, the sum of five pounds over and above all expences in- fioncrt* curred, or to be incurred, in reinstating the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Course of That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissio-Sutt*" ?l>e ners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to dire# and cause the course of any gutter or channel running in or through the said (ireets or lanes, or any of them, to be turned or altered in such manner as they shall think, proper; and to direct the grates already placed, or hereafter to be placed, over any sewers, to be removed or replaced in such manner, and at such place and places, as they shall think most proper; all which shall, from time to time, be done at the expence of the said of, and paid for but of the money arising by virtue of this act; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Where it (had That when and So often as there shall be occasion to.make new beneceffarjrto or additional grates over any fewer or (ewers within the said mt«'or"re-(ireets or lanes, or any of them, or to repair or alter any of the pair old ones, old grates belonging to the commissioners of sewers in the said commission-streets or lanes, or any of them, the same shall be made new, er* of fewer* repaired, or altered, by and at the expence of the said commis* "e ex* sioners of sewers; and the same, when so made new, repaired, ^or altered, shall be laid down in such places, and at such difiance from each other, and in such manner and-form, as shall be directed by the surveyor to the commissioners for putting this act in execution, at the expence of the said cotnmifltooers of fewer?; and in case the said commUfioners of sewers flull-ntr

the of of (sewers.

*08 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.

[1767.

glcft or refuse so to do for the space of six days next after notice given or left with their clerk or gferks for the time being; it mail and may be lawful to and for the said of appointed by this act, or any five or more of them, or their surveyor, to cause such grate or grates as shall be necessary to be made new, repaired, altered, and laid downrto be so made new,

(.repaired, altered, and laid down; the expehce whereof shall be

reimbursed and paid by the said of of sewers, or recovered of them in like manner as the charges and expences of relaying pavements is herein before authorized to be recovered. Sewers, &c. to XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, be repaired^by That when and so often as any fewer or drain, which is or shall — jjg unjcr the direction of the commissioners of sewers, and which shall be situate in, or communicating with the said streets or lanes, or any of them, shall require to be made new, repaired, altered, cleansed, or emptied; then, and in every such case, the said of of sewers shall, within six days after notice given to, or left for, their fury'eyor or clerk for the time being, at his last or usual place of abode, by the said of appointed to put this act in execution, or any five or more them, or by the surveyor or other person authorized by them, to make new, effectually repair, clean, or empty, such fewer or drain, as the case may require; and in default thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of appointed by this act, or any five or more of them, or their surveyor for the time being, to cause such fewer or drain to be made new, repaired, or altered, cleansed, or emptied, as the case may, require* or so much thereof as shall remain unfinished; the charges and expences whereof shall be paid by the commissioners for putting this act in execution* who shall be reimbursed the same by the clerk or treasurer for the time being to the commissioners of sewers: and in case the said clerk or treasurer to the said of of sewers shall neglect or refuse to pay vfhat shall have been so paid and disbursed, within ten days next after notice thereof shall be left at the dwelling-place or lad place of abode of such clerk or treasurer; which notice shall be. in writing and signed by the clerk to the commissioners for put* ting this act in execution, and annexed to the bill containing an account of such charges and expences; it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said last-mentioned of, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions in the name of their clerk for the time being, against such clerk or treasurer of the said of of sewers for the time being, for the recovery of such sum or sums of money as they shall have so expended for the purposes aforesaid; in which action or actions no eflfoin, protestion pr wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or perlbus whatsoever shall throw, call, or lay, or cause, or permit* or suffer, to be thrown, 'call, or hud, any allies, dull, dirt, foil; or other filth whatsoever* before

Penalty on laying allies, Sic. in the streets*

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. $3: 109

any dwelling-house, (hop, liable, building, or wall, in any of the streets or lanes within the district comprized in this act; but shall keep, or cause the same to be kept in their respective houses or yards, until such time as the person or persons con* traded with or employed to carry away such allies, dull, dirt, filth, or foil, do come by or near their houses, doors, or places where they dwell, with a cart or carts, or other conveniencies, for carrying away the same; upon pain of forfeiting, for the first offence, the ium of five killingsj for the second offence, the sum of ten shillings; and for the third and every other offence, the sum of twenty shillings.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That if any person or persons shall, from and after the said obstructing second Monday next after the passing of this act, set out, leave,he stre^M>* or lay, any cart, dray, waggon, or other carriage, wheels, tim- ^T*^* ber. Hones, or other materials, matters, or things, which may*occasion any annoyance, ' riuilance, or obstruction whatsoever, in the said streets or lanes, or any of them, so as to obstruct, incommode, or endanger, any person or persons, carriage or carriages whatsoever, palEng thereon; or if any cart, waggon, or other carriage, shall be suffered to Hand in any of the said streets 01 lanes aforesaid longer than is needful and proper for the necessary loading or unloading thereof respectively; of if any such cart, dray, or other carriage, shall be placed or let across any part of the said streets or places within the said district, or any of them, for the purposes of loading or unloading the lame; it shall and may be lawful in any of such cases for the said of, or any five or more of them, either at any meeting in pursuance of this act, or without any such meeting, to cauK the said carts, waggons, or other carriages, together with the horse or horses, and loading and loadings, belonging thereto, and such other matters and things respectively making or occasioning such annoyance, nuisance, or obstruction, to be'removed, taken, carried away, and deposited, in such place or places as the said of, or any five or more of them, shall diced or appoint; there to remain until the offender or offenders shall have paid and discharged all cods, charges, and expencps* attending the carrying away and depositing the same as aforesaid, as also a sum not exceeding forty shillings for each such offence.

XXVIQ. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That if any person or persons shall run, drive, draw, or aule wheel-to be run, driven, or drawn, on any part of the foot pavements on fooTpave"-of the said streets or lanes, or either of them, any wheel orments. wheels, fledge, wheel-barrow, or any carriage whatsoever, such person or persons shall forfeit, for the first offence, the sum of ten shillings; for the second offence, the sum of twenty shillings; and for the third and every other offence, the sum of forty shillings.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Hords. &c. authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any person or m*y* "?*de

persons forbu, Wu*s

I to

and repairing, with, leave.

Foot pavements to be IWept every day, except Sundays;

Mamet of streets, &e. to be fixed on the corner of the houses*

Signs, See. to be regulated*

Anno octavo Georgii III. Cvj#.' bi^7» perfoos tt> ered or set up, or cause to be eroded or fist up, its the said streets or lanes, any inclosure, posts^ bars, or tails, or other matters or things for the purpose of making mortar, and' depositing bricks, lime, or other materials, forhuilding or repairing any houses, buildings, or other works; every such person or persone first obtaining leave under the hand of the for-veyor or clerk for the rime being to the find of, for those purposes respectively, which he is hiereby impowered to

r' >e by their permission, signed by three or more of them: but any person or persons mall ered or set up, or eaufeto be erected and set up, any such incldsures, polls, bars, or rails, or any other matter or thing, for the purposes aforesaid, without such leave first had and obtained} every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding, twenty (hffifngs for every hour such mcloisure, matter oc riling as aforesaid, mail remain and continue.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons inhabiting within the said streets and lanes shall, from and after the Second Monday next after the passing of this act, (weep and clean, or caufo to be (wept and ckanfed, the foot-paths before their respective houses, buildings, and walls, once id event day between the hours of fix and nine in the forenoon (Sundays excepted) upon pun of forfeiting five shillings for every uegled therein.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the fiud of, or any five or mere of them, may order and direct the houses within the find streets and lanes, or any of them, to be numbered with figures (diced qr painted on the doors thereof, or on such other port of the said houses respectively as they the said of, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and may also order and direct to be engraved, painted, or otherwise described, on a confpkuoos part of some house or other building at or near the end or comer of each street or hme within rite said district comprized in this act respectively, the name by which such respective street or lane so adjoining is ufoally or properly called or known: and if any perron or persons mail wilfully or maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or define, any such number, figure, name, or description, or any part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, and shall be convicted thereof by his' or their own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before one or more justice or Justices of the peace acting in or for the county or (dace where fitch offence shall be committed; every such person so offending shall, for even such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Monday next after the passing of this act, the said of, or any five or more of them, shall cause all signs, which then or at anytime after shall be placed or hung in any part of the said streets or lanes, to be fixed or placed on the fronts of such houses respectively w hereunto

Ill

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.

unto the same shall belong} and also shall and may cause all sign irons, pods, boards, {pouts, gutters, pent-houses, 'or other things, occasioning any obstruction or annoyance in the said streets or lanes, to be removed or altered, in such manner as the said of, or any five or more of them, shall think rood proper and convenient; and that for the future, all signs, boards, spouts, or gutters, shall be placed or fixed on the fronts of the houses, ihops, warehouses, or buildings, ^hereunto they respectively belong, as the said of, or any five or more of them, mall direct, and not othgrwife: and if any person or persons shall at any time hereafter hang, place, erect, or build any sign, sign pod or iron, board, spout, or gutter, or cause the same to be done, in any other manner than as aforesaid, or shall in any manner occasion any incroachment or an> noyance in the said streets or lanes} every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Signs, fte. tut. authority aforesaid, That if any, or any part of any, such sign, uied^tobere. sign iron, or post, board, gutter, spout, pent-houie, or otherturnea* projection, shall remain unused after the alteration made thereto as before directed, the same shall be returned to, and be the property of, the person to whom the same belonged before such removal or alteration.

XXXIV. And whereas tie said streets and lanes art, in same Step, See. farts thereof greatly obstructed* and made dangerous to foot paf- projecting too fengers, byfiefs being brought out from houses*fiefs, and doors* going far. to be re-down into cellars* vaults* and other f laces* and by Jbew-glaJfts* flew- aar*boards* and other nustters or things projecting from flops or houses

over and beyond the area belonging to such houses* of into the footways } be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Monday after the passing of this act, all such steps projecting into the footways of the said streets and lanes, and all steps and doors going down out of the footways into any cellars, vaults, or other places, belonging to any house,

(hop, warehouse, or tenement, as likewise all mew-glafies or shew-boards projecting over and beyond the areas or into the footways, and all and every other material, matter, or thing, belonging to any house, warehouse, (hop, cellar, or other building, which do or shall cause or occasion any nuisance, annoyance, incroachment, or obstruction, in the said streets and lanes, or any of them (either in the foot or carriage-way thereof) shall be, at the expence of the said of, from time to time, removed, fixed, placed, or altered, in such manner and form, as shall be approved of by the said of, or any five or more of them, or their surveyor, by their direction.

XXXV. And* for defraying the marges and expenses attending

the execution of the several powers by this ail granted* be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, a rate or assessment (over and above all rate* r*and aneflinents now payable) shall once in every year, or oftener,

if it shall be thought needful by the find of, or any

cuo#

112 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.

[1767.

nine or more of them* be made, laid, and a {felied, by the said of, or any nine or more of them, upon, alf and every person and persons who do or shall inhabit, hold, or occupy, any land, house, (hop, warehouse, cellar, vault, or other tenement, within the said streets or lanes comprized in this, aft; which rate or assessment shall be made at Or after the rate of nine pence in the pound, for every year of the yearly relit or yearly value of such lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements respectively.

Kates how to XXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said be coUe&ed. several rates so to be made or assessed under this act, shall be collected half-yearly by the clerk of the said of for the time being, or such other person and persons as the said of, or any five or more of them, shall appoint to Manner of collect the same: and if any person or persons shall refuse,

recovery. neglect, or omit, to pay the sum or sums of money at which

he, or they, shall be so rated or assessed, for the space of ten days after personal demand made thereof, or demand in writing left at the place of abode or occupation of such person or persons; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful; to and for the said clerk, or other person or persons so to be appointed collector or collectors, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattles of such person or persons so neglecting, refilling, or omitting to pay the same: and in case no such goods or chattles can be found to be so distrained, or in case such goods and chattles shall be locked up or secured, or removed from the said clerk, or other collector or collectors, so that he or they cannot distrain the same; then, and in either of the said cases, upon information thereof given to any two justices of the peace for the said county or place, it shall and may be lawful for such justices, and they are hereby required to commit ' the person or persons so assessed, and refilling or neglecting to pay the said rates, to the common gaol for the county or place where such person or persons shall reside or shall be found, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any rime not exceeding the space of one month, or until the payment of such rate or assessment, and reasonable Charges occasioned by the non-payment thereof.

XXXVII. And whereas many houses within the said streets and Janes are by the several owners and proprietors thereof let out in lodgings or tenements to divers tenants, whereby it will be distiettlt to recover futh rates and assessments when made; for remedy whereof. Where houses^further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Xnat it shall are let out in and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any tenement*, five or more of them, from rime to time, and at all rimes when be affifibcL to^*7 meet to make a rate in pursuance of this act, to rate and anc assess the owner or owners of such houses or tenements as shall be let to or occupied by two or more tenants; which rate and assessment shall be paid by one or more of the tenants or occupiers of any-part or parts of such houses; and in case any occupier or occupiers of any part of such houses or tenements

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III.1 c. 33.

shall refuse to pay the same, then the said rate and assessment shall be levied by distress and fate of the goods of him, her, or them, so refilling to pay the same: and such occupier or occupiers of such tenements respectively.is and are hereby required and authorized to pay such sum and sums of money as shall be'so rated or assessed on the owner or owners of such houses, in* pursuance of this act, and to dedud the same out of the relit thereof; and the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof, are hereby required to allow such dedudions and payments upon the receipt of the residue of their relit; and every such tenant, paying such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall be acquitted and discharged for so much' money as the said rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid to such person or persons to whom his, her, or their relit should have been or shall be due and payable.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Rates for

authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said houses under

of, or any five or more of them, from time0 time,

., J.7.. ...may be com-

to compound with the owner or owners, proprietor or-proprie- pounded, for.

tors, of any such houses, or any other houses within the said streets and lanes, the annual relit or value whereof shall be' under ten pounds, for the rate by this act authorized to be laid upon such houses, foas in such composition there* be not remitted to any such owner or 6wners, proprietor or proprietors respectively, more than one third of the rate by thisd laid upon such houses respectively.'

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aford- Where houses

said, That in case it shall so happen that any of the*lands,

houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, ^nerito be*or any part or parts thereof, withm the said streets and lanes, or only charged r any of them, shall, at anytime, from and after the making one half of of the said rate or rates, assessment or assessments, be empty, the »te$| uhtenacted, or unoccupied; that then, and in every such cale,

one half of the said rajte or rates, assessment or assessments; or

one half of such other rates as may be assessed by virtue of this

ad, shall be paid by the owners or proprietors of such lands,

houses, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, or other tenements; and thepre-

and in case of non-payment thereof, such lands, houses, (hops,mffes remain

warehouses, vaults, cellars, or other tenements, shall be anda

the same are hereby made a security for, agd chargeable with,

such arrears.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall Dead walls, and may be lawful to and for the said of, or ahy*n^Js°H fiye or more of them, and they are hereby required, at such X^und, may times as the rate hereby directed shall be made, to rate all dead be rated. - walls and void spaces of ground adjoining to the said streets and';

lanes, at such rate as the said of, or any five or v

more of them, shall judge reasonable, for every yard running* measure of such dead walls and void spaces of ground, not ex-, ceeding the rate of two shillings and six pence per yard. Tenants and

XXXIX. And, to the end the said rates may he more effectually occupiers to Vox. XXVIII. ' I collected pay the rates.

M4. Anno octavo Georgii III. C. j j.

[1767.

etlkBed and receivedj, be it further enacted, That all and every tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, of lands, houses, (hops, warehouses, wharfs, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, are and shall be liable to pay the whole of such rates, when no composition shall have been made as aforesaid, to the collector or co!le#ors to be appointed as herein after directed.

Occupiers - XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, quitting. That when any person or persons, who hath or have been without pay- -rated and assessed by virtue of this act, shall quit his, her, or maybefol- theirdwelling-house, warehouse, wharf, (hop, vault, cellar, or lowed. tenement, whereupon such rate or assessment has been made, before, he, she, or they, shall have paid the same, and shall, afterwards refute to pay the same, when due and demanded by the person or persons authorized and appointed to collect and receive the same; that then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said collector or collectors, and every or any.of them, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two or more justices of the peace a ding in and for the said county or place (which warrant the said justices are hereby authorized and required togrant) to enter into any place within their respective jurisdictions, or out of the limits thereof; such warrant being first backed or eounterfigned by same magistrate in the county, city, or liberty, where the distress is to be made; and to distrain the goods and chattles of such person or persons so negle#ing or refusing, and the same to fell, rendering the overplus (if any such shall be) upon demand, to the owner of such goods and chattles, after deducing the reasonable charges and expences of such distrefe and fele.

Agreement, XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the between lend- authority aforesaid, That nothing in this a# contained shall be aabt <^eetne(^ 9r taken to make void any contract, covenant, or agree-

ing the par- nient, between landlord and tenant, touching or concerning the ing, ire. not paving, lighting, or cleansing, the said strecta and lanes, or any vacated. part of them, or either of them; but that every person who is how, by virtue of any such contract or agreement, obliged to pave or keep in repair any part of the said streets or lanes, or any of them, shall, in lieu thereof, be obliged to pay the rates hereby directed to be made and assessed, or To much thereof as shall by the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, be deemed just and reasonable, according to the true meaning of such contract, coyei^nt, or agreement, for and during such time as such contract, covenant, or agreement, shall remain in force: and in case any dispute shall arise concerning such contract, covenant, or agreement, the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have power, and they are hereby required Pavements to hear and finally determine the same, liable to be XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, repaired by That where any part or parts, of the pavements of the said. Sk tobere- ^rcets or ^anes hath or have been accustomed or ought to be paired at their P*vcd apd repaired by. any. particular parish or parUhes, bodies ejytence.by politick or corporate, and not by the owners or occupiers of the houses or other buildings adjoining to the pavement of the said

1767O Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33. ti5

streets and lanes respectively, the same shall be paved and fe- the commis-paired at the expence of the respective parish or parishes, bodies fionen pa. politick or corporate, by the pavior or paviors contracting with, yiors* or employed by, the said of.

XLIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful or the com. for the said of, or any five or more of them, from itnffioners time to time, to compound and agree for the same, with any parish or parishes, or bodies politick or corporate, for a certain jfadTparishef, turn of money, by the foot of other measure, as the said of, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable.

XLIV. And whereas the money te be collected by the said rate Trustees may will not be sufficient for the pttrpofcs of this act\ be it further «re& a turn-enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of Pjfj*, an^ ta*t under this act, or any five or more of them, or such periontou* and persons as they shall nominate and appoint for that pur. pole, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and im. powered to erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up, a gate or turnpike, in, upon, and across, the said high street called Holywell Street, between the Couth side of Shoreditch

Churchy and the north side of the road leading to Bethnal Green $ and also to erect or provide a toll-house, in such manner as the said of, or any five or more of them, shall think proper $ and to receive and take the sum of one halfpenny, be. fere any horffc, mare, gelding, or mule, whether drawing or not drawing, shall be permitted to pass through such gate or turnpike, which shall be demanded and taken as a toll or duty; and the money so to be received and collected, shall be voted in the said of for the purposes of this act.

XLV. Provided always, That no person having paid the said T?H*°* toll, for any horse, mare, gelding, or mule, and producing*Hu*. ono* note or ticket denoting the payment thereof, (which note or J' ticket the collector of the said tolls is hereby required to give gratis upon receipt of the said tolls) shall be liable to pay the same toll again, for the same horse, mare, gelding, or mule, the same day, to be computed from twelve of the clock at night to twelve of the clock in the succeeding night.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tolls maybe That it shall and may be lawful to and for such person or per- Juried by di-fons as the said of, or any five or more of them,"*"

shall, from time to rime, nominate and appoint to demand and

take the said tolls hereby granted and made payable, to levy

the same upon any person or persons who shall, after demand

made thereof, neglect or refute to pay the same, by distress of any horse, mare, gelding, or mule, upon which such tolls are

by this act imposed, or by distress of any other of the goods or

chattles of such person or persons who ought to pay the same,

and to detain and keep the said cattle, goods, or chattles, until

such tolls, with the reasonable charges of distraining and keep.

ing the same, shall be paid j and it shall and may be lawful to

and for such person and persons so distraining, after the space of fold aftsr

five days next after such distress so taken, to fell the horse, mare, < days.'

1 a gelding.

ii 6

Penalty on evading the tolls.

Commissioners may er«6l gates across New Inn Yard, King John's Court, Cash*s Alley, and Dirty Lane.

Foot passages to be left on oach side, &c.

For borrowing money. 1

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33. [r 757.

gelding, or mule, or goods, so distrained, returning the overplus (if any) upon demand, to the owner thereof, after such tolls, and the reasonable charges of such distress and sale, shall be deducted.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall forcibly or wilfully evade the payment of the toll by, this act granted, by riding or driving any horse, mare, gelding, or mule, through the said gate or turnpike, without paying such toll such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied, as any penalty or forfeiture is by this act directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

XLVIII. And whereas there are certain ways or passages called New Inn Yard, King John's Court, Cash's Alley, and Dirty Lane, all leading into Holywell Street aforesaid, by passing through which, the payment of the toll hereby granted may be evaded* and the purposes of this act frustrated; be. it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, or any five or more of them, shall have full power and authority to erect any gate or gates in or across any or all the said passages or places called New Inn Yard, King John's Court, Cash's Alley, and Dirty Lane, in such manner as they shall think proper, so as to prevent any horse from passing through the same.

XLIX. Provided always, That a passage shall be left open for persons on foot in each of the said ways or passages; and also that the inhabitants of each of the said places shall have permission to pass, from time to time, through such gate as shall be erected in the yard, court, alley, lane, or place, in which they shall respectively reside, with their catde and carriages, without paying any thing for passing through the same.

L. And whereas the Money to be collected and received by virtue of Ms aft will be insufficient for the speedy carrying the several purposes hereby intended into execution; /be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to contribute, advance, and pay, into the hands of the said of, or any nine or' more of them, for the uses and purposes in this act mentioned, any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of fourteen thousand pounds, for the absolute purchase of one or more annuity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the full term of the natural life of such contributor respectively, or the natural life of such other person or persons as shall be nominated by or on the behalf of such. contributor or contributors.respectively, at the time of payment of his, her, or their respective contribution-money, so as the said annuity or annuities do not exceed the rate of nine pounds by the hundred, and so in proportion for any greater or less sum to be paid as aforesaid, and so as the said annuities to be purchased in pursuance of this act, do not at any one time exceed in the whole the sum of one thousand two hundred and sixty pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the annuity

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c, 33. 117

nuity or annuities so to be purchased under and by virtue of this Annuities act, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid charged upon and payable, from time to time, put of the monies arising by the tolls, rates, and assessments aforesaid; and all and every the contributor and contributors, upon the credit of this act, duly paying the consideration or purchase-money at the rate afore*

said, for any /ueb annuity or annuities as aforesaid, or his, her,

or their respective executors, administrators, or assigns, shall

have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this adk

to have, receive, and enjoy, the respective annuity or annuities

so to be purchased out of the said tolls, rates, or assessments, by

this act appointed for the payment thereof as aforesaid, during

the term of the natural life of the person to be nominated by

each such purchaser or contributor as before-mentioned; and and deemed

that all and every such purchaser and purchasers, and their jj

executors, administrators, or assigns, shall have good, sure, abr c a e*$

solute, and indefeasible estates and interests. in the annuity or

annuities so by him, her, or them respectively to be purchased*,

according to the tenor and true meaning of this act; and thatnot charge-

none of the said annuities shall now or hereafter be subject or j^nd tax*1*

liable to the tax charged or to be charged upon land by authority of parliament$ and that every contributor upon this adfc

for the purchase of any such annuity or annuities as aforesaid,

his, her, or their assigns, qpon payment of the consideration or,

purchase-money, shall have a receipt or receipts for the same,

and also an order on parchment (which may be made without

any damp) for payment of the said annuity or annuities, for

and during the natural life of the person who shall be so nomir

nated as aforesaid, by quarterly payments; which, order shall Receipts and

be signed by the said of, or any nine or more of payment to be

them; and after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, valid, signed, &c.

and of good effect in the law, according to the true purport and meaning of this act.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Annuities lawful to and for any purchaser or purchasers of any such an- may be af-nuity or annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their executors, signed, administrators, or assigns, at any time oir times, by writing or writings under his, her, or their hand or hands, to assign such.annuity or annuities, or any part thereof, or interest thereon, to any person or persons whatsoever, and so toties quoties % and a memorandum or entry of all such orders and assignments shall boomade in the book to be kept as hereafter mentioned, at the charge of the said of; for which entry or memorandum, two shillings and (ix pence shall be paid, and no mores and no such assignment shall be deemed valid, unless such memorandum or entry shall be first made as aforesaid.

LIII. Provided always, That as such annuitant or annuitants As annuitants shall die off, and such rates or assessTments can be lowered and die, the rates reduced, and some part of the said tolls can be taken off, thet0 bc lowered, same shall be so done from time to time, in such manner and proportions as the justices of the peace for the said county of

u8' Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.

[1767.

Middlesex, at their general or quarter session assembled, shall order and direct.

Proviso.

LIV. Provided always, That until the said turnpike so to be erected shall be taken away, and the passage of the said high street laid open and freed from toll, the said rates and assessments shall not be reduced to less than six pence in the pound.

Monies raised

LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, com" That all monies raised or collected by virtue, or by means, or _ 10 n* under the authority, of this act, shall be, and the same are hereby veiled in the said of, and shall be applied for the purposes of this act, and to or for no other use or purpose whatsoever.

Charges of

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the to'bet»id>W authorii7 aforesaid. That the charges and expences of procuring; and passing this act, shall be paid out of the first monies which shall be raised by virtue of this act.

LVII. And whereas the entrance into the said street catted Holy-well Street, through Holywell Lane, is greatly obstructed by a house, at the north east concert which projeBs so far into the feud high street failed Holywell Street, as frequently to cause carriages so be overturned: and whereas the street or lane called Hog Lane, which it another avenue into the said high street, is very narrow and incommodious, occasioned by two houses and a finallyard projecting into the said lane on the north side thereof whiff houses and yard are now in the occupation of John Latham, John Williams, and George Speneer: and whereas the passage of the find high street is greatly obstructed by a certain houfi belonging to the prebend s/'Hoxton precinct, and let or leased to Richard Rose, a carpenter, standing upon a fmatt detached piece of ground at the north east comer of the said high street, near the church: and whereas the find entrance of the road from Kingstand, into the said high street called Holywell Street, is very narrow and dangerous; and it would be greatly for the benefit of the publick, if the houses from the corner tf the high street, on the north east side, as far as a certain house known by the sign of The Cherry Tree, were taken down, and rebuilt further back; and also that the other houses and premises, before described in the said high Jlrtet and Hog Lane, were removed so far back as to render the fevered passages safe and commodious; be it further Houses necef* enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, ^Zedd* or »y nine or more of them, shall have full power and au-may be pur-'° tteat and agree with the owners and occupiers of,

gK»fed by ths and all other persons interfiled in, such of the said houses commissioners. and premises as the said of, or any nine or more of them, shall think necessary to be purchased for opening the, said streets and passages, and to purchase and become possessed

of. the same; and upon payment of such sum or sums of money as shall be agreed upon for such purchases, to cause such houses and buildings, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, to be pulled down, and such grounds, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, to be laid into the said streets, ways, and passages, for the widening and improving the same, and

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33. 119

to pay thi purchase-money, and all expences attending such purchases, out of any monies anting by virtue of this act.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission-Xhat it shall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, trustees, of Und»m and feoffees in trust, guardians, and committees for lunaticks and ideots, executors, administrators, and guardians whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their heirs, and fuc-cefibrs, but also for and on behalf of their ceftuique trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes-covert, or other persons whatsoever, and to and for all femes-covert who are or shall be seised in their own right, and to and for all and every person and persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in, any of the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to sell and convey all or any of the said lands* tenements, or hereditaments, festates, and interests, or any part thereof, to the said of, or any nine or more of them; and that all contracts, agreements, bargains, sales, and conveyances, which shall be made by such persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in law to all intents and purposes, not only to convey the estate and interest of the person and persons conveying, hut also to convey all right, title, interest, use, property, claim, and demand whatsoever, of their several and respective ceftuiquc trulls, whether infants or issue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, Femes-covert, or other persons whomsoever, and all claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under them; any law, Statute, usage, or any other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: and all such persons so conveying as aforesaid shall be, and are hereby, indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this act, notwithstanding any omission or mistake of matter of form whatsoever: and it it mall happen that any person or persons, bodies politick, cor- Persons refnfc

!>orate, or collegiate, or other person or persons seised or pof- "St0 trcatt effect of, or interested in, any such lands, teneclients, or hereditaments, as aforesaid, Khali refuse to treat or agree for the sale and conveyance of their respective estates and interests therein, with the said of, or with any person or persons au-.. thbrized by theft), or Audi not produce and evince a clear title to the premisses they are in possession of, or to the interest they claim, to the KatisfaAton of the said commissioners of of the person or persons so authorized by them; then, and in every uch case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said com- rv> inissioners, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to ers to issue a issue a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, directed to the "ar^nt*° sheriff of the county of Middlesex^ who is hereby authorized, ^film, directed, and required accordingly to impanel, summon. and n, «n a juryj return, a competent number of substantial and disinterested persons, qualified to serve on juries, not less than forty eight, nor'tnore than seventy two; and out of such persons so impanelled, summoned, and returned, a jury of twelve men Khali be drawn who are toh*

'*. drawn as the

*4 by

[t20 Anno octavo Georgii III. 0.33.

[1767.

by some, person to be by the said of appointed, in such manner as juries for trial of issues joined in his Majesty's CQurts at ffisjiminster, by a, n act made in the third year of the reign of KXn^ George the Second*, intituled'. An act for the better

*'« \ regulation of 'Juriesy 'are directed to be drawn; which persons fa to be impanelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said commissioners, or any fiVCor more of them, at such time and place as in such warrant dr warrants, precept or precepts, shall be diredlea.Jurors may be ^nd appointed; and all parties concerned shall and may have challenged, their lawful* challenges'against any of the said jurymen, but Witneffesmay shall not be at liberty to challenge the array; and the said be examined7 of, or any five or more of them, are hereby autho-uponoath, rized and impowered, by precept or precepts, from time to time, as occasion shall require, to call before them all and every person and persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as a witness or witi\efles before them, off their oath or oaths, touching and concerning the premisses; and the said of, or any five or more tof them, if they think fit, shall and may likewise authorize thd said jury to view the place or places in question, in such manner as they shall direct; and the said of, or any five or more of them, shall have power to adjourn such meeting, from day to day, as occasion shall require, and to command such jury, witnesses, and parties, to attend, until all such Jury to assess affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the damages, the said jury, upon their oaths (which oaths, as also the oaths to such person or persons as shall be called upon to give evidence, the said of, or any five or more of them, are'hereby impowered to administer) shall esquire of and'assess the value of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments,

and of the proportionable value of the respective estates and in-Cominiflion- terefis claimed therein, or in any part thereof; and the said finaTjmlge- of, /or any five pr more of them, shall and may ment thereon, give judgement, that the sum or sums of money so to be assessed be the value of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and of such fespective estates and interests therein*; which said ver-i Previous no-, or verdicts, and the said judgement thereupon (notice tice to be -; n vyritirtg* being given to the person or ersons interested, or ^rintere'sted timing to he* at least fourteen days before the time of the 'meeting of the said of and jury^ by leaving such notice at* the dwelling-house of such person or persons, ' or at "/ his, her, or*, their usual place/or places of abode, or with./'. some tenant or occupier of some of the said lands, tenements,

' m or hereditaments, intended to be valued and afiefled, in case

-» such party cannot otherwise be found out to be served with such ' hotiefe) shall be binding and conclusive as to value, as well

i against the King's majesty, his heirs, and successors, as against every other person or persons, bodies politick and corporate,

and against: air other persons whomsoever, claiming any estate

right, title, trust, use, or interest, in, to, or out of, the said - lands.

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and premisses, either in*possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy.

LIX. And be it further enacted and declared, That upon Upon pay-payment of the sum or sums of money so to be awarded or ad- "te* the Judged, to the person or persons to whom the same shall be so IremiffSto awarded, for the purchase of the said lands, tenements, or here- be conveyed ditaments, or for the purchase of any estate or interest therein* to the com-such person or persons shall make and execute, or procure to bq miffiooers. made and executed, good, valid, and legal conveyances, alignments, and assurances, in the law, to the said of, of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or of such estate or interest for which such sum or sums of money shall be so awarded; and shall procure all necessary parties to execute such conveyances, arguments, and assurances, and shall do all acts, matters, and things necessary. to make good, clear, and perfect title to the said of: and in case the person or per- Where a good fons to whom such sum or sums shall be awarded as aforesaid, ^nnot^shall not be able to evince their title to the premisses to the {^2 convey- satisfaction of the said of, or any nine or more of ance execut-; them, and to make, or procure to be made, good, valid, and ed, &c. legal conveyances thereof, or shall refuse so to do, being thereto - required, and the ftim or sums so assessed and awarded being produced, and tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making such title, and executing, or procuring to be executed, such conveyances, assignments, or assurances* as aforesaid; or in case such person or persons, to whom such sum or or the parties sums of money shall be so awarded, cannot be found; then, are not to be and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for found, &c. the said of, or any nine or more of them, to order the said sum or sums of money, so assessed and awarded as the value of, and purchase-money for the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as aforesaid, to be paid into the bank of England, in the name, and with the privity, of the accountant general of the high court of Chancery, to be placed to his account to the credit of the parties interested in the said lands, tenements, orhereditaments(describing them)subjecttotheorder, controul, and disposition, of the said court of Chancery \ which said court of Chancery, on the application of any person or persons making claim to such sum, or any part thereof, by motion or petition, shall be, and is hereby impowered, in a luminary way of proceeding, or otherwise, as to the same court shall seem meet, to order distribution thereof according to the respective estate of estates, title, or interest, of the person or persons making claim thereunto, of, in, or to, such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be made appear to, and to be declared by, the said court, and according to the value thereof assessed as aforesaid, and to make such other order in the premisses ds to the said court shall seem just and reasonable; and the caftiier or cashiers of the bank of England, who shall receive such sum and sums, is and are hereby required to give a receipt or receipts*for such sum or sums, mentioning and Specifying for frhat pre-

\ tniffes.

in

Verdicts, &c. t6bc register-

Copies good evidence.

On such payment, premises toveft in the commtfEonera.

Commissioners may invest money in the publick funds, &c.

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.

[1767.

miffed, and for whose use, the same is or are received, to such person as pay any such sum or sums into the bank of England., as aforesaid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That a memorial of all such verdicts, judgements, sentences, decrees, and orders, of the said of and juries, as relate to or concern any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, so to be purchased, shall be entered in the office appointed forregistering deeds, conveyances, wills, and other incumbrances within the county of Adtd* dlesex\ and the said verdicts, judgements, sentences, decrees, and orders, shall be deemed and taken to be records to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and the same, or true copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual evidence and proof in any court or courts of law or equity whatsoever 3 and all persons shall and may have recourse to the same gratis^ and take copies thereof, paying for every copy not j exceeding two hundred words, six pence, and so proportionably for any greater or lesser number of words; and immediately j after such verdicts, judgements, sentences, decrees, and orders, of the said of and juries, and payment into the bank as aforesaid, all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and demand, in law and equity, of the person or persons to whose credit such money shall be paid, in, to, and out of, the said lands, tenements, hereditaments; and premises, shall vest in the said of, and they shall be deemed in law to be in the actual possession thereof to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually, as if every person having any estate in the premises had actually conveyed the same by lease and release, bargain and sale inrolled, feoffment With livery and seisin, fine and recovery, or any other conveyance whatsoever 3 and such payment shall not only bar all right, title, interest, claim, and demand, of the person or persons to whose credit such payment shall have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construea to bar the dower and dowers of the wife or wives of such person or persons, and all tftates tail in reversion or remainder, and the issue or issues of such person or persons, and every person claiming under them, as effectually as a fine or recovery would do if levied or suffered by the proper parties in due form of lawi LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or any five 11 or more of them, after such payment into the bank as aforesaid, and before any application in respect thereof to the said court of chancery, at the petition of any person or persons in possession Of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to place out or invest, or cause to be placed out or inverted, such sum or sums of money, or any part thereof, in some of the publick funds, or on government security, at interest, in the name of any person or persons authorized and appointed by the said of for that purpose, in trust to transfer and assign the same to the person or persons to whom the premises belong, on their exe-tuting proper conveyances thereof, and in the meantime in

trust

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.' 223

trust to pay the interest and dividends arising therefrom to the person or persons who was or were in possession of the said premisses at the time of the said payment into the bank.

LXII. Provided also, and his it further enacted, That all and Person* intl-every person or persons, who shall be intided to recover thetled,omer?* mesne profits of the premises against the person or persons inj^-^possession, in case the same had not been so conveyed to, orinterest of the verted in, the said of as aforesaid, shall be intitledp»rchafe-mo-to recover the sum or sums to arise from such interest and dividends as aforesaid, by action of debt, or otherwise, against the Commission-person or persons who shall receive the same; and the said to order of, or any seven or more of them, are hereby powered to make such orders as aforesaid on the bank for theg^giy/ payment of such sum or sums of money, or any part thereof, as shall be necessary, in order to the same being so inverted in publick securities; and the said of mall be quieted' in the possession of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for which such money shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable in any court of law or equity for the money so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the tenor, purport, and true meaning of this act.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in^mooe_ not case the said sum or sums so affdfed by the said jury, and order-tendered, the ed and adjudged by the said of to be paid to theyerdi&t and owners, occupiers, and others, for their respective interests in the premisses aforesaid, shall not be paid, tendered, or depositedbfndingf by the said of as herein directed, within six calendar month* after the same shall have been so assessed, ordered, and adjudged; then, and in such case, the verdict of the said' jury, and the order and adjudication of the said of, shall not be binding upon the said parties; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Purchase mo* That the principal money arising from the sale of any houses, me* or preedifices, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be trust ^'be m purchased for the purposes contained in this act, of any body.corporate or collegiate, corporation aggregate or foie, feoffees in other pur* trust, guardians, committees, or outer trustees, or from any chafe* to the same covert, shall be paid to such persons as they shall respec-"* lively nominate to receive the same, in trust, with all convenient speed then afterwards, to be re-invested in the purchase of other messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to, the like uses, trusts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the houses, edifices, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which shall be purchased of them respectively by the said of as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or allured, at the time of such purchase, or so many thereof as, at the time of making such conveyances and settlements, shall be existing and capably of taking effetfh

Conveyances by femes-covert inrolled tg.be effectual

and To all other bargains and sales'for the purposes of this act.

Persons having any right, cic. in lands so purchased, to enter their claims within a limited time or be debarred:

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.

[1767.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the conveyance of any such estate or interest of any feme-covert to the said of, or any person or persons in trust for them, by bar- gain and sale acknowledged by such feme-covert, and to oe inrolled in the said office appointed soir registering deeds, conveyances, wills, and other incumbrances, within the county of Middlesex, within*six calendar months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the estate and interest; of such feme-covert in the premisses, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, would or could do if levied or suffered thereof in due form of law: and further, that all bargains and sales whatsoever to be made of any such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as shall be purchased by the said of by virtue of and for the purposes of this act, shall have the force, effect, and operation, in law, to all intents and purposes, which any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatsoever, would have if levied or suffered by the bargainer or bargainers, or any person or persons seised of any estate in the premisses in trust for or to the use of such bargainer or bargainers in any legal manner or form whatsoever.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons whomsoever having any right, title, interest, use, property, claim, or demand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, in, to, or out of, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which, by virtue and for the purposes of this act, shall be purchased by, and conveyed or mentioned, or intended to be conveyed to, the said of by any such bargain and sale as aforesaid, shall, within the space of five years, to be computed from the date of the inroltnent of such bargain and sale, enter a memorial of such their right, title, interest, use, property, claim, and demand, in a book to be for that purpose prepared and kept by the clerk appointed by the said of; which book such clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which entry he shall be intitled to such fee, and no other, as the register of the county of Middlesex is by law intitled to for the registry of a memorial containing the same number of words: and all and every person or persons whomsoever not entering such right, claim, and demand, within such time, and in such manner, as aforesaid, or having so entered the same, and not. prosecuting such their right, claim, or demand, with effect, within the space of five years, to be corner puted from the time of fufch entry, shall be for ever barred of all right, title, use, equity, property, claim, or demand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, in, to, upon, or out of, t, he said premisses, and every part thereof; and the said of, and those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the possession of" all such lands, tenements, hereditaments, and, premisses; any law, fta-tote, usage, matter, or thing whatsoever, to the contrary not* withstanding.

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33. 125

LXVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted. But at liberty That any person fcr persons barred of any right, title, estate, interect, claim, or demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of, the said SeyVom'per-lands, tenements, and hereditaments, by virtue of this act, shall Tons receiving be at liberty to bring any action or actions of debt for money the lame, had and received to his or their use against any person or persons, or the legal representative of any person or persons, who received the purchase-money arising from such falc of the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premisses aforesaid; and that in every such case the respective plaintiffs, on proof of such title as would have enabled them to recover such lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or any estate or interest in the same, shall recover the said purchase-money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their interest in the said premisses, together with such interest as shall be equivalent to the mesne profits of the premisses which they should have been intitled to recover in case this act had not been made.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every te- After pur-nant at will, or lessee for a year, or other person or persons in toddiw1*"? possession of any such lands, tenements, hereditaments, and pre- session^withia miflfes, or any part thereof, which shall be purchased by the said six months af-commissioners as aforesaid, and who shall have no greater inte-ter notice, rest in the premisses than as tenant at will, or as lessee by parole

for a year, or from year to year, shall, at the expiration of six calendar months after notice in writing left upon the premisses, or so soon after as he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the possession of the said premisses to the said of, or any person authorized by them, or arty five or more of them, to take possession thereof; and in case any such per- On refuting, {on or persons shall refuse to give such possession, then it shall and ?^on|^r# may be lawful to and for the said of, or any five orcepttotheplie* more of them, to issue their precept or precepts to the sheriff of riffs to deliver the said county of Middlesex, to deliver possession of the pre- possession. misses to such person or persons as shall, in such precept or precepts, be nominated to receive the same; and the same sheriff is hereby required to deliver possession accordingly of the said premisses, and to levy such costs as shall accrue from the issuing and execution of such precept or precepts on the person or persons so refilling to give possession as aforesaid, by distress and sale of his, her, or their goods.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every per- Mortgagees, son and persons who shall have any mortgage or mortgages onon.te?der of such lands, tenements, and hereditament*, now being in poflef- f^terelT to" fion thereof by virtue of such mortgage or mortgages, shall on convey.1 the tender of the principal money and interest due thereon, together with six months interest of the said principal money, by the said of, or any five or more of them, or by such person or persons as they shall appoint, immediately assign such mortgage or mortgages to the said of, or any five or more of them, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint, in trust for them; or in case such mortgagee or mortgagees shall have notice in writing from the said of, or any five

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.

[1767.

or more of them, that they will pay off and discharge the principal and interest which shall be due on the said mortgage or mortgage* at the end or expirationlof six calendar months, to be computed from such notice given; that then, at the end of the said six months, on payment of the principal and interest so due, such mortgagee or mortgagees shall assign his, her, or their interest in the premises to the said of, or such person or persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, in trust for them j and in case such mortgagee or mortgagees shall refuse to assign as aforesaid on such tender or payment, that then all interest on every such mortgage shall cease and determine.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That upon payment of the principal money and interest due on any mortgage as aforesaid into cwamissioners. the bank, at the end of six calendar months from such notice as aforesaid, for the use of the mortgagee or mortgagees, the cashier or cashiers of the bank shall give a receipt or receipts for the said money in like manner as is herein before directed in cases of other payments into the bank; and thereupon all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and demand, of the said mortgagee or mortgagees, and of every person or persons in trust for him or them, shall vest in the said commissioners, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual possession of the premises comprized in such mortgage or mortgages to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

Montes to be LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money yid or ten- to be paid pursuant to any such agreement or verdict as afore-

Eadetf fa4*? "y* ^l1 "J* ^e«by charged

the premises. and chargeable upon all monies which shall be raffed or received for the purposes of this act, and shall be tendered to the party or parties intitled to the same; and in case of refusel to accept the same, shall be paid into the bank of England in the names of any person or persons appointed by the said of, or any five or more of them, for that purpose, in trust for such person or persons as shall be intitled to receive the same before the said of shall proceed to pull down any house or houses, or other erections or buildings, or to use the ground for any of the purposes of this act.

1*XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said commis-fa motui' &>ner*> or any more of them, shall have power, from

tending.*time to time, to impose any reasonable fine, not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, on the said sheriff, or his deputy or deputies, bailiff's or agents respedivdy, making default in the premises; and on any of the persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such jury or juries who shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said jury or juries, or being so sworn shall not give his or their verdict; and also on any person or persons who shall be summoned to give evidence touching any of the matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or dull refuse to be sworn, or who bring (worn shall refuse to give his, her, or their evidence; and on any other person or persons who shall in other matter wilfully neglect his, her, or their duty in the premisses,

126

On refusa), interest to cease*

PremtfTes to vest in the

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 3$. I2jt

misses, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; and; from time totime, to kvy such fine or fines by order of the said of, or any five or more of them, by distress and foie of the offender's goods, together with the.reasonable charges of every such distress and sale, returning the overplus (if any) ta the owner} and all such fines fttall be applied for the purposes of this act.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission-That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commif&on- e« may ftU ers, or any nine or more of them, to let, fell, or dispose of,ad*' so much or such parts of such houses, lands, and premisses, as shall not be necessary for the widening of the said streets or paf-feges, for the best price that can be gptten for the frame, applying the money arising thereby for the purposes of this act.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Penalties may hid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said com- be mitigated, missioners, or any seven or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree with any person or persons against whom, the said of, or any three or more of them, shall bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions, suit or suits, for any penalty or penalties contained in any contract or contracts hereafter to be entered into, on account of any breach or non-performance of any such contract or contracts, for such sum or rams of money as they, or any fovea or more of them, shall think proper; and also to mitigate, compound, or lessen, any other the forfeitures incurred under this act, so as the Aims so compounded and agreed for be not less than the injury or da-i mage sustained by the breach or non-performance of such contract or contracts, and all the costs, charges, and expences, which shall be occasioned thereby, and so as the mitigation of the other forfeitures as aforesaid, do not extend to remit above one moiety of the foid forfeitures respectively.

LXXV. Provided ahyays, and be it further enacted by the Persons ag-authority aforesaid, That if any person shall think himself or grieved may herself aggrieved by any thing dome in pursuance of this act, and for which no particular method of relief hath been already «L.». appointed, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace lat any general or quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county of Adiddlefen or city of London, within three calendar months after the cause of complaint shall have arisen, such appellant first giving, or causing to be given; fourteen days notice at the least, in writing, of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the clerk to the foid of; and within two days after such notice, entering into a recognizance before some justice of the peace for such county or city, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the order of, and to pay such costs as fttall be awarded by, die justices at such general or quarter sessions; mid the said justices at such session, upon due proof of such notice bang given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognizances, shall hew and finally determine the causes and

matter

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied*

Commissioners may reward informers.

Justices may

administer

tKtths*

Proceedings to be entered in books.

Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33I [1767.

matter of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing or appealed agaictft as they the said justices shall think proper; and the determination of such general or quarter sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive; to all intents and purposes.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act impeded (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly-directed) shall be levied and recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattles, by warrant under the hand and seal of one justice of the peace acting in and for the said county of Middlesex; which warrant such justice is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon the information of any one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath; and the penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the overplus (if any be) upon demand, to the party or parties whose goods and chattles shall be so distrained and fold (the charges of such distress and sale being first deduced) shall be paid to the clerk to the said of for the time being, and be applied towards the purposes of this act: and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, or such penalties and forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith; it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction of the said county, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than fourteen days, unless such penalties and forfeitures, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of^ or any five or more of them, from time to time, if they shall fee cause, to pay and apply such part of the said penalties and forfeitures, or any of them, as they shall think proper, not exceeding one moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the use of the informer or informers, or any of thdm; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where cognisance is given to any justice or justices of the peace by this act, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices to administer an oath to any person for his or their more certain information in the matters then depending.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That a book or books shall be prepared and kept by the said of, or by such person or persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall appoint, wherein shall be fairly entered, from time to time, the names of such persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall nominate and appoint to put in execution the purposes of this act, and copies of all orders and proceedings relating thereto and also an account of what monies shall have been aueffect, raised,

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33. 129

levied, and paid* by virtue of this act, and how the same shall have been applied) and the names of the annuitant or annuitants, and what sum or sums he, she, or they, paid for such annuity or v

annuities respectively, and what he, me, or they, is or are to receive for the same; which book or books the said annuitants, or any of them, and all persons contributing to the said rates or afle Aments, may, at al! convenient times, peruse and inspect without fee or reward.

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore* Commission* said. That the said of shall at all their meetings un- ers are to deader this act pay and defray their own expences. fra7thcir own

[expencel'

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums Distress not oif money to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself unlawful for shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party pr parties making want0 1011X15 the samp be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, on account of any default or want of form in any proceeding^ relating thereto; nor nor the party shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio, r on account of any irregularity which shall trespasser be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining, but the ab initio. person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the special damage in an action on the case.

LXXXII. Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs p|ajntju* not shall recover in any action for any such irregularity, trespass, or to recover, if other proceedings, if tender of sufficient amends shall be made tender of*by or on the behalf of the party or parties who shall have com- amends has mitted, or caused to be committed, any such irregularity, tref- bceu made* pass, or wrongful proceedings, before such action brought; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant pr defendants in any such action, by leave of the court where such action shall depend* at any time before issue joined, to pfey into court such sum of money as he or they shall think fit; whereupon such proceedings, or orders and judgements, shall be had, made, and given* in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

[writings to

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no nomination, contract, bond, warrant, judge- be without ment, or other writing Whatsoever, under the hand and seal, orftamP#* hands and seals, of, or only signed by, any of, or justice or justices of the peace, 1 or exhibited oefore them, or under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of, or only signed by, any other person or persons whatsoever, relating to the execution of this act, shall be chargeable, with any stamp duty whatsoever.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Proceedings fafd, That all orders and proceedings of the said commimoners, to be entered at their meetings, shall be entered in a book or books to be kept in a book, for that purpose; and such orders and proceedings, so entered, shall be signed by the clerk or clerks at any meeting of five or morjc of the said of assembled, as the case shall require; and* such orders shall be deemed and taken to be original

nor remove-able by Certiorari.

Limitation of actions.

Treble costs.

130 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 33.

[1767.

orders; which said.book or books shall and may be produced and read in evidence in all courts whatsoever.

[Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form.]

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no, proceedings to be hadtouching thejconyidUon of any offender or offenders 'ag^unff this adh or.any, order, made, dx other (thatter(cf thing to bpjdone; or.trapped in, orjrelatbigo ty, the execution of this act, shall be vacated, or quashediFor,

want of form', or be removed by Certiorarj, or any other, writ, or process whatsoever, iqtp any of his Majesty's counts of record at t JVtJlmiftj}crt;, any, layr. or statute, to the contrary - no^witbr

(landing.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That^o action or fu|t, ibau be, commenced ag^inff aqyper* fqnbr persons for any thing done.in^prfuapce ofjthjf ad^, until, twenty one days notice shall be thereof given m wfitrng. t<a, the c(erk. to the said commissioqervS, or after, /fuffj49nfnhdu'l. fadtipo, or tepdfr thereof, hath.beep.made to thp.par^y.or-.pfirties^ aggrieved^ or after fix.calepdar months next after tnq/ad, cdjn- netted, for vvnichffucn adlipn.or a&ibns, suit or suits* shall be. so., brought; and every suchadUon shall be brought^, laid, ?nd tried*, in the county or pla^e where.fqch.mart(a»ana; tbuig^efpe; ^ively7 ill a 11 be committed or dope, and noyin any other cppqty or placet, and the defend ant or defendants in fuchadHqnsaqdfqitSjandevery of them, may plpad the general iffup* and give this apt and the,

' special matter, in pvideoce, atany.trial or trials which shall be-, had thereupon, at\^ that the matter, or thing, for whit^ffu<di.ac> tien or actions, fyn or, suits»ftajJdW.fq, brppght, w^sdoae.irp, pursuance, and by (he authority of tuu.aQ..: ' anqff the said matter or thing shall appear to have been so dope, or if, it (haLjap-pear thai; such action- or suit was, brought before twenty- on? days, nptlcq-thereof given as sfforcfa&or that sufficient fetisudfion was., made or tendered ps ?fprel^id, or, if any such adUp^.or., suit shall

tfiJUW»*?f*.4«au4'uV i V

therein: and if a verdict or verdidls shall be found fotfuchde-fepdant or dd^O^tp, orif the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such motion or adlionr, suit pr suits, shall become ponsuited, or suffera discontinuau.ee, of, such a$ipnf or aduon^.or. if upon, any dp, mister, or, demprrers in such adliop.|(?r, adiops» judgement shall be given fopjhq, defender pr defendants therein,; then, and in < any of, the cafrs. aforesaid^such defendqnt or defendants shall h^ve, tr, ^)Je.coftry^nd(hail have(uch reipedy for Recovering the, same, as any defendant or defendant; may have for (us* her* or, th«r costs, inj gqyother cases by (aiv-,

[Publick act.]

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, this act shall be taken, and, allowed, in all courtse>f, justice,; as p pubjjpkp&r, and-att judges, justices, andothecs*. are here, by, required to take police thereof a&such, without the i fatn.e b^ng|p^iai.iy:

being specially pleaded.

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 34 — 41. 131

---

CAP. XXXIV.

An act to enlarge and vary the term and powers of an act for repairing and widening the road from the west end of Thames Street, in the city of Oxford, over Botley Causeway, to the turnpike road near Fifield, in the county of Berks; and to provide more effectually for repairing and widening the ancient horse road from the west end of Botley Causeway to Witney, in the county of Oxford.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading to and through the town of Goudhurst in the county of Kent.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the city of Coventry, to communicate upon Fradley Heath, in the county of Stafford, with a canal now making between the rivers Trent and Mersey.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Severn, at or near a place called Hawford, in the parish of Claines, in the county or Worcester, to or near a place called Chapel Bridge, within the borough of Droitwich, in the said county.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from Birmingham to Bilstone, and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the canal now making between the rivers Severn and Trent; and for making collateral cuts up to several coal mines.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act to continue the terms and enlarge the powers of several acts of the twelfth of Queen Anne, the twelfth of King George the First, and the twenty second of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of Worcester, through Droitwich, to Bromsgrove, and other roads therein mentioned; and to repeal an act of the twenty eighth year of his late Majesty for repairing the roads lying in and leading from Droitwich aforesaid; and for amending the several roads which were directed to be repaired by the said act.

CAP. XL.

An act for rebuilding and enlarging the common gaol of the city and county of the city of Coventry; and for appointing a place for the custody of prisoners in the mean time.

CAP. XLI.

An act for continuing and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for repairing the road from the top of Crickley Hill, in the county of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the towns of North Leach, Burford, and Witney, and parishes of Hanborough and Bladon, to Campsfield, in toe parish of Kidlington, in the county of Oxford; and also the road from Witney, through Eynsham, Cumner, and Botley, to the city of Oxford; except

132 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 42 — 47.

[1767.

so much thereof as relates to the road from Witney, through Eynsham, Cumner, and Botley, to the city of Oxford; and also for repairing and widening the road from Campsfield, to the turnpike road at or near Enslow Bridge, in the said county of Oxford.

CAP. XLII.

An act for enlarging and continuing the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Sunderland near the sea, to the city of Durham, in the county of Durham.

CAP. XLIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the thirty nine mile stone in Maidstone, to Tubb's Lake, in the parish Of Cranbrooke, in the county of Kent.

CAP. XLIV.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for supplying the town of Halifax with water; and for better paving, cleaning, and lighting, the streets and other places there; and for removing all nusances, incroachments, and obstructions, within the said town, and preventing the like for the future.

CAP. XLV.

An act to continue and render more effectual several acts passed for repairing the road leading from The Stones End, in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, to the farthermost part of the northern road, in the parish of Enfield, in the same county, next to the parish of Cheshunt, in the county of Hertford; and for amending the road from The Watch House in Edmonton, to the Market Place in Enfield.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for repealing an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the better regulating the nightly watch and beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the streets, squares, lanes, and other passages, and repairing the highways and causeways, and regulating the poor within the parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex; and for making more effectual provision for those purposes.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the road from Huddersfield, in the west riding of the county of York, to Woodhead, in the county palatine of Chester; and from thence to a bridge over the river Mersey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the confines of the county of Derby.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for continuing the terms of several acts made in the thirteenth year of King George the First, and in the seventeenth and thirty second years of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads leading from and through Chippenham, and from Chippenham Bridge,

1767.] Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 49 — 55. 133

in the county of Wilts; and for amending the said acts, and reducing them into one act of parliament.

CAP. XLIX.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from The Green Man in the chapelry of Seend, in the county of Wilts, to Beckington, in the county of Somerset; and for repealing so much of an act made in the same year for repairing several roads in the counties of Wilts and Somerset, as relates to the road from a place in Trowle Bridge Lane to Midford, and from Freshford to Halts Close in Limpley Stoke; and for amending the said roads, and also several other roads leading from or near the roads included in the said acts.

CAP. L.

An act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the road leading from Reading, in the county of Berks, through Henley, in the county of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondesham, and Cheynes, in the county of Bucks, and Rickmansworth, Watford, and Saint Alban's, to Hatfield, in the county of Hertford; and also the road leading out of the said road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Bysham, to or near the thirty mile stone in the turnpike road leading from Maidenhead to Reading.

CAP. LI.

An act for amending and widening several roads leading from the town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery, to the turnpike road at Westbury, and from Brocton, to the turnpike road at Minsterley, in the several counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery.

CAP. LII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the way post in the parish of Hardingston, in the county of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said county.

CAP. LIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Buckland Dinham, to the end of the parish of Timsbury, and also the road, from Midsummer Norton, to the end of the parish of Norton Saint Phillips; and also the road from Tucker's Grave, to the road leading from Wellow, to a place known by the name of The Red Post, in the county of Somerset.

CAP. LIV.

An act for amending and widening the road from the city of York, to the top of Oswaldkirk Bank, and from the said road in Sutton Field through Craike towards Oulston, to the extent of the lordship of Craike, in the county of York.

CAP. LV.

An act for amending the road from Christopher's Bridge, in the borough of Thetford, in the county of Suffolk, to the north east end of the town of Newmarket, in the county of Cambridge.

134 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 56 — 63.

[1767.

CAP. LVI.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, so far as the said act relates to the repairing and widening the road from the town of Kingston upon Thames, in the county of Surrey, to a place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfeld, in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LVII.

An act for the better supplying the town of Dunbar with fresh water.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for taking down the present Shire-house in the market-place of the town of Hertford, in the county of Hertford; and for building a new one on a more extensive and commodious plan in the market-place of the said town.

CAP. LIX.

An act for repairing several roads leading through the county of Selkirk.

CAP. LX.

An act for repairing several roads leading through the county of Roxburgh.

CAP. LXI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Mayor's Stone in Abingdon, in the county of Berks, through Cumner, to the ancient horse road at Swinford in the said county.

CAP. LXII.

An act for the better paving and cleansing the streets, and other publick passages in the town of Portsmouth, in the county of Southampton; and for preventing nusiances and annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Carron, in the county of Sterling, to the firth or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, the county of Dumbarton; and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow; and for making a navigable cut or canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said canal at or near the place where it will fall into the firth of Forth.

THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno octavo Georgii III. Regis.

Being the FIRST Session of the

Thirteenth Parliament of GREAT BRITAIN.

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno octavo Georgii III.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the tenth day of May, Anno Dom. 1768, in the first year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the Faith, &c. Being the first session of the thirteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP I.

An act for further continuing certain laws to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour; for further allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour, barley, barley-meal, and pulse, free of duty, into this kingdom, from any part of Europe; and for allowing the importation of oats and oat-meal, rye and rye-meal, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty; and also for continuing such other laws as will expire before the beginning of the next session of parliament.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the laws herein after mentioned should be continued; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Such part of Act 7 Geo. 3.],

That so much of an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour,

[as was continued by the recited act of the last session.]

as was continued by an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to continue and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour,

[together with the amend-]

shall, together with the amendments and the

138 Anno octavo Georgii III. c. 1.

[1767.

[ments and provisions therein, further continued until the twentieth day after the commencement of the next session.]

other provisions contained in the said last mentioned act, continue, and shall be in full force and effect, and be carried into execution, until the twentieth day after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

[The following acts of 7 Geo. 3.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the following acts made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, that is to say, An act, intituled An act for further allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour, barley, barley-meal, pulse, free of duty, into this kingdom, from any part of Europe; and an act, intituled An act for allowing the importation of oats and oat-meal, rye and rye-meal, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty; which said acts were continued by an act made in the last session of parliament, (intituled An act to continue several acts made in the last session of parliament, for allowing the importation of wheat, wheat flour, barley, barley-meal, pulse, oats, oat-meal, rye and rye-meal, duty free; and also so much of an act made in the same session as relates to the free importation of rice from his Majesty's colonies in North America, and to allow the importation of wheat and wheat flour from Africa, for a limited time, free of duty)

[continued likewise until the twentieth day after the commencement of the next session.]

shall continue, and shall be in full force and effect, and be carried into execution, until the twentieth day after the next commencement of the next session of parliament.

[All other acts, &c. which have continuance only until the end of this session, or which will expire before the beginning of the next session, are further continued until the end of the next session.]

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all other acts of parliament, and all clauses and provisions contained in any act or acts of parliament, which have continuance only until the end of this present session of parliament, or which will expire before the beginning of the next session of parliament, shall be, and are hereby, further continued until the end of such next session of parliament.

