THE

Statutes at Large

FROM THE

Anno trieefimo quinto Georgii III. Regis

Being the FIFTH Seflion of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

VOL. XL. PART I.

A TABLE

of

THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq.

I

Reader of the Law Le&ure to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XL.

CAMBRIDGE,

PRINTED BY JONH BURGES PRINTER TO THE UNIVERSITY >

(By Afllgnment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurft,)

FOR J. JOHNSON, IN ST. PAUL’S CHURCH-YARD, G. G. J. & J. ROBINSON, IN PATER-NOSTER ROW, AND D. OGILVY AND COL IN MIDDLE ROW, HOLBORN, LONDON. I795.

CUM PRIFILEGIO*



A

T  A  B L  E

    O F T H E  

S T  A  TUT  E

PUBLIC    K and PRIVATE^  

Faffed  anno tri

GEORGII III.

Being the Fifth Seffion of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain„

PUBL1CK JCTS.

Cap. 2. TpOR continuing and granting to his Majeffy certain' duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry* foFth© ferviee of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax* to be raised in Great Britain, for the ferviee of the year one thou-fand seven hundred and ninety-five.

Cap. 3. To continue, for a limited time, an adf, made th© la ft feifion of parliament, intituled. An aft to impower bis Majejiy to secure and detain juch perjons as bis Majejiy shall suspect are eonfpiring againjl his per fen and government.

Cap. 4. For enabling his Majesty to prohibit the exportation* and permit the importation, of com, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provifton, for a limited tkne3. without payment of duty.

Cap. 5, For raising a certain number of men, in the fevers* counties in England, for the ferviee of his Majesty’s navy.

Cap. 6. For punishing mutiny and desertion ; and for the better-payment of the army and their quarters,-Yol, XL,.  a  Cap,  ^

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 7. For the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on (bore.

Cap. 8. For authorifmg the company of proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal to vary the course of a certain part of the said canal, in the county of Hertford, fo as to tender the navigation thereof more safe and convenient; and for making some other amendments and alterations in an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

Cap. 9. For procuring a supply of men from the several ports of this kingdom, for the ferviceof his Majesty’s navy.

Cap. 10, For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on foreign wine and fweets.

Cap. 11. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on worts, wafh, and other liquors, made in England, «for extracting spirits for home confumption; and for preventing diflillers from making use of wheat or wheat flour in making wash for extracting fpirits.*

Cap. 12. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on foreign fpirits.

Cap. 13. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on tea, coffee, and cocoa nuts.

Cap. 14. For raiflng the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities.

Cap. 15. For rendering effectual his- Majesty’s orders in council of the flxteenth and twenty-firft days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,^refpecting the admif-fion of the effects mentioned in the said orders into the ports of this country, to be warehoused ; and for indemnifying all per-l'ons who have acted in consequence of such orders.

Cap. 16. For applying certain sums of money, raised in the county of Derby by virtue of several acts of parliament made respecting the militia of this kingdom.

Cap. 17. For appointing commifiioners to put in execution an act of this fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to bis Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, together with those named in two former acts for appointing commifiioners of the land tax.

Cap. 18. To repeal an act made in the last fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft to enable bis Majesty to ejlablifk a court of criminal judicature in Norfolk Ifland ; and for better enabling his Majesty to establish such court in the said ifland.

Cap. 19. For rendering more effectual an act of the present fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft for raifng a certain number of men, in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majesty’s navy.

Cap. 20. For granting certain duties of customs on the importation of fruit, fa Had oil, waste (ilk, and timber, and on the exportation of Britift) rock fait, and coal.

Cap, 21. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or

exchequer

 CjOOQle

A TABLE 6f tk STATUTES.

exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand feveft hundred and ninety-five. .

Cap. 22. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

Cap. 23 For granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be iftued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 24. Further to continue an aft, made in the thirty-third year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for ejlablifhing regulations refpefling aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cafe si

Cap. 25. For further continuing an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An afl for establishing courts ''of judicature in the fjland ^Newfoundland* and the islands adjace?7t.  *

Cap. 26. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty’s dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, fo far as the fame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said united dates.

Cap. 27. For altering, amending, and rendering more'effectual, an aft, made in the last section of parliament, intituled, An afl for amending fo much of an afl, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, * An afl for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdomj as relates to the militia of the city of London ; and for the better ordering the fame.

Cap. 28. To enable petty officers in the navy, and feamen, non-commiflioned officers of marines, and marines, serving in his Majesty’s navy, to allot part of their pay for the maintenance of their wives and families.

Cap. 29. For raising a certain number of men, in the several counties, ftewartries, royal burghs, and towns, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of his Majesty’s navy.

Cjp. 30. For granting to his Majesty several additional duties on (tamped vellum, parchment, and paper ; and for repealing a certain exception as far as relates to bonds given as security for the payment of one hundred pounds or under, contained in an aft of the twenty-third year of his present Majesty’s reign.

Cap. 31. For extending the provisions of an aft, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to cutters, luggers, fhallops, wherries, fmacks, or yawls, of any builc 'whatever; for amending an aft, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, more effectually to secure the performance of quarantine, and for amending several laws relative to the revenue of euftoms; for amending an aft*

a %  mads

ATABLE of the STATUTES.

snack in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom \ and for authorising the commifiioners of excise at Edinburgh to grant licences to manufacturers and dealers in tobacco and fnuff, within the limits of the chief office of excise at Edinburgh.

Cap. 32. For granting annuities to latisfy certain navy and victualling bills.

Cap. 33. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

Cap. 34. For enabling the magiftrates, in the several counties in Great Britain, to raise and levy, under certain regulations, such able-bodied and idle persons as (hall be found within the said counties, to serve in his Majesty’s navy.

Cap. 35* For making allowances, in certain cafes, to fubal-tern officers of the militia, in time of peace.

Cap. 36. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 37. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 38. To continue several laws relating to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irijh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax ; to the difeontinuing the duties payable on the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and greafe; and to the prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets; and for making perpetual an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prohibit the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom ; and to prevent the seducing of artificers or workmen employed in those manufactures to go into parts beyond thefeas.

Cap. 39. For allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals used in carrying on the Penny gored works, in the county of Pembroke.

Cap. 40. To enable his Majesty to grant to the right honourable John earl of Upper Offory in the kingdom of Ireland, baron Upper Offory, of Amp thill, in the county of Bedford, his heirs and affigns, in fee fimple, all the eftate, right, title, and intereft, remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the haye or walk of Farming Woods, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, and also the reversion of certain offices, rents, and other hereditaments in the said county of Northampton, to which the said earl of Upper Offory is entitled for three lives, under a grant from his present Majesty, upon a full and adequate con-fideration to be paid for the fame.

Cap. 41. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an acl> made in the thirteenth year of the reign of

his

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

his present Majesty, intituled. An aft for deepening, cleanftng, and making more commodious, the harbour of Aberdeen ; for erecting new piers and quays therein ; and for regulating ships and vessels trading into, and going out of the said harbour.

Cap. 42. For enlarging the term and powers of three several adds, made in the sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Firft, in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny fterling, upon every pint of ale or beer, vended or fold within the town of Montrofe and privileges thereof, for supplying the said town with fresh water, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 43. For making a navigable cut from the Grand Junction Canal, in the precincft of Norwood, in the county of Middle-fex, to Paddington, in the said county.

Cap. 44. To enable the mod noble Francis duke of Bridge-water to make a navigable cut from his present navigation in the township of Worjley, in the county palatine of Loncafler, to the township of Pennington, near the town of Leigh, in the said county.

Cap. 45. To explain, amend, and render more effectual an a<5t, made and patted in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An oft for pavings lighting, watching, cleanftng, watering, repairing, and keeping in repair, FinfburySquare, in the parish of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlefex, and part of the manor tf/'Finfbury, and certain other streets and places communicating with or near to the faidfquare; and for preventing or removing nuisances and annoyances within the fame.

Cap. 46. For laying out and making a new street from White friar Gate to the south end of £>uay Street, within the town and county of the town of Ki ngft on - upon - Hull,

Cap. 47. For taking down the chapel of the chapelry of Haydon, in the parish of Warden, in the county of Northumberland, and for building a new chapel, in a convenient fituation, within the said chapelry.

Cap. 48. For amending two afls of the thirtieth year of King George the Second, and the thirty-fecond year of his present Majesty, fo far as relates to the draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, within the township or hamlet of March, in the ille of Ely, and county of Cambridge.

Cap. 49. For granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates ittued for using hair powder.

Cap. 50. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law* and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be (lamped according to law, or having been (lamped, have been ioft or

a 3  millaid.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tniflaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly ftam-ped > to give further time to fucH persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors ; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to tranf-mit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for giving further time to such persons as have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, orfervants.

Cap. 51. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town and county of the town of Southampton to the city of New Sarum in the county of Wilts, with a collateral branch to Northam within the liberties of the town of Southampton.

Cap, 52. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Thames or //?;, at or near the town of Abingdon, in the county of Berks, to join or communicate with the Rennet and Avon canal, at or near the town of Trowbridge, in the county of hVilts $ and also certain navigable cuts therein defcribed.

Cap. 53. For further regulating the fending and receiving letters free from the duty of portage ; for allowing non-commif-fioned officers, feamen, and private men, in the navy and army, whilst on fervice, to fend and receive letters at a low rate of portage ; and for permitting patterns and samples of goods to be transmitted by the port at an earter rate than is now allowed by law.

Cap. 54. For the encouragement of the mackerel fifhery.

Cap. 55. For granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on receipts.

Cap. 56. To continue and amend an a6t, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for the more ejfeftual encouragement of the British fijherieJ.

Cap. 57. To indemnify governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the Weft India illands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

Cap. 58. For requiring all boats, barges, and other vefiels, of certain defcriptions, used on navigable rivers, and on inland navigations, in Great Britain, to be regirtered.

Cap. 59. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of British made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to amend an aift, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland, and the exportation of Briu(h~made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited time.

Cap. 60. For applying certain sums of money raised in the county of Stafford by virtue of several a6ts of parliament made respecting the militia of this kingdom.

Cap. 6i?

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 61. For repealing an aGt passed in the twelfth year of. the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An oft for the more ejfe filial ajfejfmg and colie fiing of the rates for the relief of the poor in the par if) of Saint Botolph, Bilhopfgate, in the liberties of the city ^London ; for providing a workhouse for the reception of the poor of the said parish ; and for the employment, maintenance, and regulation, of the said poor therein.

Cap. 62. To enable his Majesty’s poftmafler general to open and return certain letters contained in the mails, made up at the general post office in London, for the United Provinces, on the thirteenth, fixteenth, and twentieth days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and now remaining in the said general post office.

Cap. 63. For granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on sea infurances.

Cap. 64. For increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers, and others, on quartering foldiers, for a limited time.

Cap. 65. To prevent unnecessary delay in the execution of writs for the election of members to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 66. For making part of certain principal fums, or flock and annuities, raised or created, or to be railed or created, by the parliament of the kingdom of Ireland, on loans for the use of the government of that kingdom, transferable, and the dividends on such flock and annuities payable, at the bank of England; and for the better security of the proprietors of such flocks and annuities, and of the governor and company of the bank of England.

Cap. 67. For rendering more effectual an a£f, passed in the first year of the reign of King James the Firft, intituled, An afi to refrain all persons from marriage until their former wives and former hujbands be dead.

Cap. 68. For veiling, for a certain term of years, in the right honourable Henry Seymour Conway, his executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, the foie property of a kiln or oven, by him invented* for burning lime, and for the use of distillers and brewers, and for other beneficial purposes.

Cap. 69. For repealing fo much of an acfl, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majefiy, intituled. An afi to enable his Majefy to grant to the heirs of the former proprietors^ upon certain terms and conditions, the forfeited efates in Scotland, which were put under the management of a board of trufees by an afi, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late mojefy King George the Second, and to repeal the said afi9 as relates to the amount of the debt charged upon the lands and eft ate which became forfeited by the attainder of Evan Macpher-fon, late of Cluny.

Cap. 70. For amending an acSl, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An afi for taking down the church and tovjer belonging to the parijl) of Saint John at

a 4  Hackney*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Hackney, in the county of Middlefex; and for building another church and tower for the use of the said pariflo \ and for making an additional cemetry or church yard ; and for railing a further sum of money for completing the said church, and other works.

Cap. 71. For building a new church or chapel in the town of Halifax, in the weft riding of the county of York.  /

Cap. 72. For making a navigable cut from the Stratford-upon-Avon canal, in the parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham canal, in the manor of Kingfwood, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 73, For repealing several ac5ts, made in the eighth, tenth, thirteenth, and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the nightly watch and beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleanfing, and lighting, the parish of Saint Mary-le~ Bone, in the county of Middlefex, and for the better relief and maintenance of the poor thereof, and for divers other purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual provision for those purposes.

Cap. 74. For keeping in repair the footways in the high street of the town of Kenfington, in the county of Middlefex, and for lighting and watching the said ftreet, and also certain courts and alleys communicating therewith, and for removing and preventing encroachments, nuifances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 75. For paving the footways, and for cleanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the fireets, lanes, paffages, and places, within the borough of Wallingford, in the county of Berks, and for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions therein.

Cap. 76. For the better paving, lighting, cleanfing, and otherwise improving, the fireets, lanes, and other publick paffages, of the city of Aberdeen, and the roads and avenues within the royalty thereof; for the better supplying the inhabitants with fresh water, and for the removing and preventing all ob-ftrudfions and annoyances within the said city and royalty.

Cap. 77. For improving the drainage of the middle and south levels, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, and the low lands adjoining or near to the said levels ; as also the lands adjoining or near to the river Ouze, in the county of Norfolk, draining through the fame to fea, by the harbour of King's Lynn, in the said county ; and for altering and improving the navigation of the said river Ouze, from or near a place called Eau Brink, in the parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said county, to the said harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving the navigation of the several rivers communicating with the said river Ouze.

Cap. 78. For building a bridge over the river Severn, at Bewdley, in the county of Worcefler, and for opening convenient avenues thereto.

Cap. 79. For amending an a61, passed in the twenty-firft year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for building a bridge over the river Thames, at the town of Henley-

upon-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

upon-Thames, in the county of Oxford, and making commodious avenues thereto, for widening forne part of the high jlreet and the market place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the footways in, and removing nuifances, obfruftions, and annoyances from, the said town, fo far as the lame relates to widening some part of the high street and market place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the footways in, and removing nuilances, obftru&ions, and annoyances from, the said town.

Cap. 80. To make further provision respecting (hips and effects come into this kingdom to take the benefit of his Majesty’s orders in council, of the sixteenth and twenty-firft days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and to provide for the disposal of other ihips and effects detained in, or brought into, the ports of this kingdom.

Cap. 81. To apportion the relief, by the several statutes now in force, directed to be given to the families of non*commiffioned officers, drummers, fifers, and privates, serving in the militia, between the county at large, and the peculiar districts therein not contributing to the county rate, according to the number of men serving for each in such militia; and to remove certain difficulties in respect to the relief of families of fubftitutes, hired men, or volunteers, serving in the militia.

Cap. 82. For inclofing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking, and improving, the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, commons, waftes, and other uninclosed grounds, within the township of Gainfburgh, in the parish of Gainfhurgh, in the county of Lincoln; and also for making a compensation for the tythes arising within the said townfhip, and within the lordship of Thonock, in the said parifh.

Cap. 83. For augmenting the royal corps of artillery, and providing seafaring men for the fervtce of the navy, out of the private men now serving in the militia; and to amend an ad, passed in the twenty-lixth year of the reign of his present Ma-jefty, intituled, An aft for amending, and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 84. For continuing several ads, passed for the better regulation of laftage and ballaftage in the river Thames.

Cap. 85. For making and extending a navigable cut from the town of Watford, in the county of Hertford, to the town of Saint Alban, in the fame county.

Cap. 86. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several ads, of the (ixteenth and seventeenth of King Charles the Second, and of the seventh of his present Majesty, relating to the navigation of the river Itchin, in the county of Southampton, and for improving the navigation thereof, and for ai'certaining the rates of carriage, riverage, and wharfage, payable thereon.

Cap. 87. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from and out of the navigation from the Trent to the Merfey, at or near Stoke-upon-Trent, in the county of Stafford, to -the town of Newca/ik-under-Lyme, in the said county.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 88. To remedy certain omissions in an ad, passed in the Jaft session of parliament, intituled, An aft for the discharge of certain infobvent debtors.

Cap. 89. For making perpetual an ad made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the payment of the duties in Scotland upon low wines and fpirits, and upon worts, wafh, and other liquors, there used in the diftilla-tion of spirits *, and for regulating the exportation of Britijh-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; to continue fo much of an ad, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits fir William Bijbop, George Bijhop^ and Argles Bijhop, to carry on the manufadure of Maid ft one geneva ; and to make perpetual the duties granted by an ad, made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, upon worts, wafh, and other liquors, for extracting spirits for home confumption.

Cap. 90. For regulating the (hipping and carrying (laves in Britifb velTels from the coast of Africa.

Cap. 91. To amend an ad, made in the twenty-ninth year ©f the reign of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen ; and for repealing fp much of the said ad as restrains them from felling goods, wares, or merchandize, within a certain distance from any city or market town.

Cap. 92. For further encouraging and regulating the southern whale fifheries.

Cap. 93. For guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on a loan of four millions fix hundred thousand pounds to the emperor of Germany.

Cap. 94. For establishing a more easy and expeditious method for the pundual and frequent payment of the wages and pay of certain officers belonging to his Majesty’s navy.

Cap. 95. To enable boatfwains, gunners, and carpenters, serving in his Majesty's navy, to allot part of their wages or pay for the maintenance of their wives and families.

Cap. 96. For the relief of persons detained in gaol for want of bail, in certain cafes relating to the publick revenue.

Cap. 97. To declare that hides and (kins, tanned by a new method, (hall be deemed tanned hides and (kins within the meaning of the ads relating to the duties of excise on hides and skins tanned in Great Britain.

Cap. 98. For allowing further time for the payment of the drawback on China ware, imported by the Eajl India company, before the fir ft day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

Cap. 99. For allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papifts, arid for relief of protestant purchasers.

Cap. 100. For permitting the importation of organzined thrown filk, flax, and flax feed, into this kingdom, in (hips or vessels belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, for a limited time.

Cap. 10 .

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. i oi. To prevent the removal of poor perfons, until they shall become a6tually chargeable.

Cap. 102. For the more effectual prevention of the use of defective weights, and of falfeand unequal balances.

Cap. 103. To enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of certain lands or grounds situate at or near Painjhill\ in the several parities of Cobh am, Walton, and Wijley, in the county of Surrey, to George Ch amber lain e efq. George Bond efq. one of his Majesty’s serjeants at law, and fir Samuel Hayes baronet, of the kingdom of Ireland, upon the trusts declared by the will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins efq, deceafed, of and concerning his estate at Painjhill aforefaid.

Cap. 104. For enabling the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, governors of the pofTeffions, revenues, and goods, of the hospitals of Edward King of England, the Sixth, of Chr'ifi, Bridewell, and Saint Tho?nas the Apojlle, and other the governors of CbriJLs Hofpital, to purchase houses and ground for enlarging ChrijTs Hofpitals in London, and at Hertford, and erecting additional buildings thereto, and for other purposes.

Cap. 105. For improving and supporting the navigation of the river Ivel, otherwise Yeo, from the town of Ivelchefler to . Bicknell Bridge, \n the parish of Huifh Epifcopi, in the county of Somerfet, and for making a navigable cut from thence into a certain drain, called Portlake Rhine, in the parish of Langport, in the fame county, and for making the said drain navigable from thence to the river Parrett, below Great Bow Bridge, in the town of Langport.

Cap. 106. For amending and rendering'more effectual an act, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Ma-jefty, intituled. An aft to explain, amend, and enlarge, the powers of fo much of two afts, pajfed in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of bis present Majejly, for improving and completing the ?ni~ vigation of the rivers Thames and Ifis,from the city 0/London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts, as relates to the navigation of the said rivers, from the boundary of the jurisdiction of the city of London, near Staines, in the county of Middlesex, to tbs said town of Cricklade ; and for extending and enlarging the powers of the said several acts, palled in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his said present Majesty,fo far as the fame relate to the improving and completing of the navigation of the said rivers, from the jurisdiction of the city of London, near Staines, in thecountyof Middlefex, to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts*

Cap. 107. For dividing, allotting, inclofing, draining, and improving, the commons and waste grounds within the several parishes of Hepworth, Haxey, Belton, and Owfion, in the ille of Axholme7 in the county of Lincoln, and also for making a com-penfation for the tythes arising from the said commons, and from certain other lands within the said parifhes.

Cap. ic8. For amending an act, palled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for building

a bridge

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

a Indge across the river Severn, near Redftone, in the county of Worcefter, and for making proper avenues and roads to and from the fame, and for making satisfaction to the proprietors of a ferry across the said river at Redftone, aforesaid, and for enabling the trustees for executing tiie said ad to rebuild the said bridge.

Cap. 109. For repealing fo much of an ad of parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Ma-jefty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majefiyfever al additional rates and duties upon horfes, and carriages with four wheels; and far explaining and amending an a£I, passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majejly, as far as relates to certain carriages with two or three wheels therein mentioned, as relates to the additional duties upon coaches with four wheels, used as stage coaches; and for reducing the duties upon carriages with less than four wheels, mostly used in the affairs of hufbandry, or for the purposes of trade.

Cap. no. To amend an ad, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar ; and for permitting the importation of fugqr and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda iflands^in foreign fhips; and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars exported in any other than Britijh (hips.

Cap* in. For more effectually carrying into execution an ad made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for the encouragement and relief of friendly fo-defies, and for extending fo much of the powers thereof as relates to the framing rules and regulations for the better management of the funds of such focieties, and the appointment of treasurers to other institutions of a charitable nature.

Cap. 112. For allowing further time for persons to take out certificates for using or wearing hair powder, in pursuance of an ad of this present session of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefiy a duty on certificates ijfued for using hair powder; and also further time for the admeasurement and regi-ffering of boats, barges, and other veflels, in pursuance of another ad of the fame feflion, intituled, An aft for requiring all boats, barges, and other vejfels, of certain deferiptions, used on navigable rivers, and on inland navigations, in Great Britain, to be re-gifiered.

Cap. 113. For the more effectual prevention of felling ale, and other liquors, by persons not duly licenfed.

Cap. 114. For better securing the duties on glafs.

Cap. 115. For allowing, for a limited time, the importation of goods from India and China, and other parts within the limits of the exclusive trade of the Eafi India company, in ships not of Britijh-built, nor registered as such, and for the exportation of goods from Great Britain by the fame (hips, under certain re-ftridions.

Cap. 116. To remove doubts arising from the construction of certain ads of this session of parliament, respecting the duties

of

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

of excise thereby granted on wafti, coffee, cocoa nuts, foreign fpirits, wines, and fweets.

Cap. 117. For allowing the importation of rape feed, and other feeds used for extrading oil, from any country whatever, whenever the prices of middling British rape feed (hall be above a certain limit.

Cap. 118. For charging warehouse rent on wines, in certain cafes, secured in his Majesty’s warehoufes; for equalizing the duties on wines exported to India and China; and for providing warehouses for coffee and cocoa nuts imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 119. To prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran ; and for permitting home-made fpirits, deposited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home confumption, on payment of duty.

Cap. 120. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five ; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 121. To explain and amend an a61, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft to amend an aft made in the laji fejjion of parliament, intituled, 4 An aft for the encouragement of feamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majestys navy, and for making further pro-viftons for those purpose$\ and also an a61, made in the twenty-fir ft year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft for the encouragement of feamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majefys navy; and for the better encouragement of seamen for his Majesty’s navy.

Cap.. 122, To enable his Majesty, under certain regulations, to erect independent burghs of barony, in that part of Great BrT tain called Scotland; and for removing; certain difficulties as to the granting of leases in towns and villages on the filhing coasts of that kingdom.

Cap. 123. For the more easy and expeditious recovery of small debts, and determining small causes arising out of per-fonal contract or obligation, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 124. To enable woolcombers to exercise trades in any town or place in Great Britain.

Cap. 125. For preventing the accumulation of debts by any future heir apparent of the crown ; and for regulating the tn,ode of expenditure, from the time when a separate eftabliftiment shall be made for such future heir apparent.

Cap. 126. For widening and improving the entrance into the city of Lotidon near Temple Bai\ for making a more commodious street or paffageat Snow Hill, and for railing, on the credit of the orphans fund, a sum of money for those purposes.

Cap. 127. For enabling his Majesty to d;re6l the issue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, for the purposes, and in the manner therein mentioned.

Cap. 128,



A TABLE of tfie STATUTES.

Cap. 128. For allowing a further annuity to the subscribers the sum of eighteen millions, authorised to be railed for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

Cap. 129. For enabling his Majesty to fettle an annuity on his royal highness the Prince of Wales, during the joint lives of his Majesty and of his said royal highnefs; for making provifion, out of his revenues, for the payment of any debts that may be due from his royal highnefs; for preventing the accumulation of debts in future; and for regulating the mode of expenditure of the said revenues.

Cap. 130. For the better enabling his Majesty to make provision for a lure and certain jointure for her royal highness the Princefs of Wales, for the term of her life.

Cap. 131. For repairing the common fewer in New Bridge-Jlreet Black Friars, in the city of London, or making a new fewer instead of the defective part or parts thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing the fame.

PUBLICK ACTS not printed in this Collection,

Cap. 132. For continuing an a<5l of the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, for amending and ividening the road hading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the hamlet of South Town, otherivife Little Yarmouth, to Gorlefton, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 133. To amend and render eftecftualfo much of an acff, of the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty, as relates to improving the entrance into the city of Worcester, from the Lon~ don and Upton roads.

Cap. 134. To continue the term, and enlarge the powers of, two acfts, made in the seventh and thirty«firft years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways from that part of Counter’s Bridge which lies in the parish of Kenfmgton, in the county of Middlefex, leading through the towns of Brentford and flounftow, to the powder mills, in the road to Staines ; and to Cranford Bridge, in the said county, in the road to Colnbrook ; and fot repairing, turning, or altering, the highway leading from the said road, at or near the end of Sion Lane, to the town of Ifleworth, in the said county, and from thence to a gate on the south ftde of Tedding-ton Field ; and also the highway leading out of the said great road, near Small berry Green turnpike, to a bouse known by the sign of The George, in the town of Ifteworth aforefaid; and for lighting and watering part of the said highways.

Cap. 235. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of certain acts for repairing several roads in the weft riding of the county of York, fo far as relates to the road from Keighley to Bradford.

Cap. 136. For repairing and widening the road from Horfeley Upright Gate, leading from Bavden Hill, in the county of Wilts, to the top of Kingjdoivn Hill, in the pariOt of Box, in the said county, and several other roads near or adjoining thereto.

Cap. 13,7.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 137. For making; and maintaining a turnpike road from Mumps Brooks within Oldham, in the county palatine of Lan-cafter, to Ripponden, in the weft ridingof the county of York, and a branch therefrom, at or near Denfhaw, to or near to Brownhill\ and another branch therefrom, at or near Grains, to Delph, all within Saddleworth, in the said riding.

Cap. 138. For repairing and widening the road from Prejlon Candover to Bafmgfloke, in the county of Southampton, and from thence to Alton, in the said county.

Cap. 139. For continuing the term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating the powers of two ads of parliament, passed in the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high roads from Darlingtonto fVeft Auckland, in the county of Durham, and several other roads in the fame county, therein mentioned.

Cap. 140. For enlarging the term and powers of several ads, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the Firft, and the fifteenth and thirty-firft years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Cirencejler to Saint John's Bridge, in the county of Gloucejler, and certain other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 141. To enlarge the term and powers of two several ads, pa/Ted in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth year of the. reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from 'Cirencefter, in the county of Gloucefter, to Birdlip Hill, in the said county.

Cap. 142. For more effectually repairing the road from Hyde Park Corner to Counter s Bridge, and certain other roads in the county of Middlefex, and for other purposes therein mentioned* Cap. 143. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad, of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Ludlowfach, in the county of Carmarthen, to the tozvn of Llandovery, and from thence, through the town of Llangadock, to the river Amman, and several other roads communicating therewith.

Cap. 144. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of fo much of an ad, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An ah for amending, ividening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from a certain dwelling house in Bury, now or late in the occupation of William Walker, gentleman, to Hailingden, and from ~ thence to the east end of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn ; and also the road from Haflingden afore faid, to the east end of Cockfhut Bridge, in the town of Walley ; and also the road from Haflingden aforesaid, through New Church and Bacup, to Todmorden ; and for making a road from the said road between Bury and Haflingden, in the tozvn• ship of Walmeriley, to the river Irwell, and for building a bridge over the said river, all in the county palatine of Lancafter, as relates to the first district of road therein mentioned.

Cap. 145. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an ad of the nineteenth year of his present Ma-

jefty.



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

jefty, for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending, the roads from Wigan to Prefton, in the county palatine of Lancafter.

Cap. 146. For amending, improving, and keeping in repair* the road from the town of Burnley, in the county palatine of Lancafter, to the turnprike road leading from Bury to Haflingden, at or near Edenfield Chapel, in the township of Tottington Higher End, in the fame county.

Cap. 147. For amending, improving, and keeping in repair* the road leading from the hamlet of Highgate, in the county of Middlefex, through a certain lane called Maiden Lane, in the parish of Saint Mary> Iflingion> to a certain place called Battle Bridge, in the fame county, and the several other highways and foot paths in the said parish of Saint Mary, Iflington, (which are not included in any turnpike adfs), 2nd to enable the inhabitants of the said parish to raise money for that and other the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 148. For repairing, widening, and altering, the road leading from 'The Way PojL at the norih-eaft end of the town of Bedford, in the county of Bedford, to the north-eaft end of a lane* in the parish of Kimbolton, in the county of Huntingdon, called The Park Lane.

Cap. 149. For amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading out of the turnpike road between Jylefbury and TVendover, through Princes Rtfborongh, to Weft Wycombe, in the county of Buckingham.

Cap. 150. To continue, extend, and enlarge, the term and powers of an a6t, pafTed in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the new bridge over the ivater of Almond, on the confines of the counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Bailliefton, in the county of Lanerk, and certain branches of road from the said line of road, and for the other purposes mentioned in the said a<5L

Cap. 151. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging: the powers, of two adfs of parliament, pafTed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the feven-teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roadfrom Kighley to Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York, and several other roads therein r effectively deferibed, fo far as the said adt relate to the road from Kighley to Halifax aforefaid.

Cap. 152.. For repairing, altering, and improving the road leading from the great north road, in the town of Stamford and county of Lincoln, through the town of Oakham, to the great north road aforesaid, at or near a house called The Crofs Guns7 in the parish of Greetham and county of Rutland.

Cap* 153. For amending, widening, and keepingin repair, the road leading from Towcefer to the turnpike road in Cotton End in the parish of Hardiug/lon, in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 154. To enlarge the term and powers of two adfs, paired in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty

Kang.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

King George the Second, and in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the rood from The White Stoop, near the north end of the town of Derby, through the towns of DuffieJd and Chefterfield, in the county of Derby, to the town of Sheffield, in the county of York, and from the said town of Duffield to The Moot Hall, in the town of Workfworth, in the said county of Derby.

Cap. 155. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft, palled in the twenty-fixth ypr of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glafgow, and of another a6t, pasted in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said acft, and of another act, passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to enlarge the term and powers of an a£t, made in the twenty-ftxth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing fe-veral roads leading into the city of Glafgow, fo far as the fame relates to the diftridf of roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glafgow, and from Glafgow to Redburn Bridge; and for altering and ascertaining the course of the last mentioned diftricftof road, fo far as the fame relate to the said road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glafgow * and for more effedlually making, repairing, widening, and keep-ingin repair, the said road, and the road branching from the aforesaid road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glafgow, and leading to Calder Bridge, and from thence, by or near Bahnore, to or near the church of New Kilpatrick, and from thence, by or near Lawmuir, to the town of Old Kilpatrick, beginning at the bridge across the Allander, on the road from Longbank Farm, by Balmu~ lie Bridge to Glafgoiv on the eaft, and ending at the said town of Old Kilpatrick on the weft, and the road branching from the aforesaid road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glafgow, and leading over Garn-gdd Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present turnpike road leading to Cumbernauld.

Cap. 156. For amending and repairing the road from the Neath turnpike road at or near Abernant, through Merthyr Tid~ vill, in the county of Glamorgan, to join the publick roads near Rhydy Bleiv, in the county of Brecon.

Cap. 157. For continuing the term, and varying and altering the powers, of twoa&s, passed in the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from the east end of Brumpton High Lane to the town of Richmond, and from thence to the town of Lancafter \ and for repairing the road leading from Richmond, through Gilling, Melfonby, and Al(through, to. Lucy otherwise Loufy Crofs, and from Gilling through Gilling Town Lane, to the turnpike road on Gatherley Moor; and for turning and diverting the said road, from the east end of the town of Bainbridge, to and through the town of Hawes, and up the vale of Widdel, to Gearfones otherwise Gray)I ones; and for making, widening, and keeping in repair, that part of the said road; and for difgharing the trutfees from the reparation,of tha*

V.oh* XL*

b

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

part of the said road which extends from the east end of the town of Bainbridge, over the mountain Camm, to Greenftde Gate> and from thence to Gearfones otherwifzGrayJlones i and alfofrom the reparation of that part of, the said roads which lies between the east end of Brumpton High Laney and the town of Richmond aforefaid.

Cap. 158. For repairing the damage done by the late floods to certain bridges, and to the road, near the town of Doncajler ; and for making the said bridges and road safe and commodious for travellers.

Cap. 159. For enlarging the term and powers of three feve-ral ads, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-fixth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty,/^ repairing the road leading from Ealand to the town of Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 160. For enlarging the terms and powers of three ads, made in the eighth and twenty-feventh years of his late majesty King George the Second, and the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Rochdale, in the county palatine of Lancafter, to the towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the county of York.

Cap. 161. For making and repairing certain roads in the county of Aberdeen.

Cap. 162. For enlarging the term and powers of two ads, passed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majesty King  the Second, and in the thirteenth year of the reign

of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Bafingftone, near the town of Bag (hot, in the parish ofW in-diefham, in the county of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the fame county, and from thence through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bifhop’s Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley otherwise Matterley Lane, to the city of Winchefter, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 163. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of several ads, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Firft, the sixteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Luton, in the county of Bedford, to Weft-wood Gate, in the said county ; and from Luton, to Saint Alban’s, in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 164. For continuing the term, and repealing the powers, of two ads, passed in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads/rm Little Sheffield, in the county of York, through the towns of Hatherfage, Hope, and Caftleton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the county of Derby; and from the guide poll near Barber’s Fields Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge, Great Hucklow, Tidefwell, Hardgate*wal), and Fairfield, to a house known by the fgn of The

Angel,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Angel) in Buxton, in the county of Derby; and for granting further and other powers for that purpose.

Cap. 165. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an aft, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty,/i?r repairing the road from The Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the town 0/Wrotham, in the county of Kent, and from thence to Foot's Cray, and from the find Royal Oak to the town of Maidftone, in the /aid county; and for making a road from the said road between Wrotham and Maidftone into the present turnpike road leading from Mereworth to Hadlow, in the said county.

Cap. 166. To enable the commiflloners and trustees for executing an aft, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a ft for draining,prtferving, and improving y certain lands lying in the several parijhes fl/* Spalding (including the hamlets of Cowfcut and Peakill), Wefton, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the county of Lincoln, to support and repair a certain bank extending from Spalding High Bridge to Brother Houfe, in the said county, and to amend and repair the road thereupon ; and for compounding with the creditors under an aft, passed in the twelfth year of his present Majesty’s reign, for making and keeping in repair the said road.

private acts.

r. A N aft for naturalizing Peter Dubbledemuts Van Dyck.

2.jl\ An aft for dividing and inclosing the open and corru mon fields, common meadows, common paftures, and all other the commonable lands, within the parish of Hanley Caftle, in the county of JVor after.

3.  An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the several commons and waste lands within the manor of Great Barr and Aldridge, in the parish of Aldridge, in the county of Stafford.

4.  An aft for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and all other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Bifhampt on, in the county of Whrcefter.

5.  An aft for dividing and inclosing a certain moor or common called North Moor, and other commons and waste lands, in the parish of North P ether ton, in the county of Somerfet.

6.  An aft for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Saint Martin Stamford Baron, in the county of Northampton.

7.  An aft for dividing and inclosing certain commons or waste lands in the townships of Frees, Darlefione, Fault, Mtcklcy, Willafton, Morton Say, Longford, and Stanton upon Hine heath, in the county of $akp.

b 2  8.  An,

A TABLE of the ST ATUTES.

8.  An aft for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafie grounds, in the parish of Bridge Cajierton, in the county of Rutland.

9.  An aft for naturalizing John Chriflopher Cankrien.

10.  An aft for naturalizing Frederick Albert Winzer and Simon Maurice Bethmann.

11.  An aft for naturalizing John Van Yzendoorny an infant, of the age of twelve years.

12.  An aft for naturalizing Peter Sehmidtmeyer.

13.  An aft for naturalizing Matthew Wifi.

14.  An aft for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, and downs, and all the commonable and wafie lands, within the manor and parish of Cold-AJlony otherwise AJlon Blank, in the county of Gloucejler.

15.  An aft for dividing and inclosing the commons or wafto lands in the township of Penleyy in the county of Flint.

16.  An aft for dividing and allotting certain open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parishes of Winterborne Earlsy and Al\ingtony in the county of Wilts,

17.  An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the whole year lands, brecks, common fields, half year or fhack* lands, commons, and wafie grounds, within the parishes of Bintry and Twyford, in the county of Norfolk.

18.  An aft for sale of an estate in the city of Hereford, given by William Brydges, efquire, for certain charitable purposes, and for applying the money arising by such sale to the like purposes.

19.  An aft for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pafiures, commons, wafie, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish and precincts of Weftcott Bartony and within the liberty and precincts of Middle Barton, in the parish of Steeple Barton, in the county of Oxford,

-20. An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the several moors, commons, and wafie lands, lying and being within the parish of Burnham, in the county of Sower Jet,

21.  An aft for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, commons, wafie, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the liberties and precincts of Wigginton, in the county of Oxford.

22.  An aft for dividing, inclofing, and allotting, certain moors, commons, or wafie lands, lying and being within the manor of Banwelly in the county of Somerfet.

23.  An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the whole year lands, common fields, half year or fhack lands, commons, and wafie grounds, within the parishes of Eajl Lexbam and Great Dunham, in the county of Norfolk.

24.  An aft for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parifh. of Great Gatworth9 in the counties of Hun** tingdon and Northampton.  25.  An

A TA BLE of the STATUTES.

25.  An adt for dividing and inclosing the open and commoti fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, of Wornditcb, in the parish of Kimbolton, in the dounty of Huntingdon.

26.  An adt for veiling part of the fettled estates of Richard Palmer efquire, in Sonning,in the county of Berks, in him, in fee Ample, discharged of the uses in the will of his late father Robert Palmer efquire, and for settling other lands and hereditaments in Sowing aforesaid, and Hurjl, in the said county of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the fame ufes.

27.  An adt for effedtuating an exchange between the rector of the parish of Saint Leonard, in the county of Devon, and John Baring efq; and also between the vicar of the parish of Heavitree> in the fame county, and the said John Baring.

28.  An adt for veiling the manlion house called Soddylt Hall9 and divers lands, tenements, and herediaments, situate in the county of Salop, devised by the will of Roger Jennings the younger efq; deceafed, with the appurtenances, in truftees, in fee Ample in pofiefiion, discharged of the uses and trulls of the said will, and for sale thereof, and for applying the money to arise from such fale.

29.  An adt for discharging the barton of Penwerris, and lands at or near Penryn, in the county of Cornwall, part of the fettled estates of fir Francis BaJJet, of Tehidy Park, in the county of Cornwall, baronet, from the several ufes, eftates, and trulls, to which the fame now Hand limited, and for settling a manor and other lands and hereditaments, of greater value, in lieu thereof* to the like ufes.

30.  An adt to enable the honourable and right reverend James lord bilhop of Ely, and his fucceffors, to grant certain estates in the ifle of Ely, now holden under three leases in several smaller parcels by separate leafes.

31.  An adt to enable William Batnford efq; and other per-fons, after his death, to grant building leases of certain parts of his fettled estates in the counties of Lancajler and Chejler9 re-ferving rents.

32.  An adt for veiling the freehold estates late of fir Thomas Kyffin knight, deceafed, in truftees, for railing money to pay and discharge his mortgage and specialty debts, and for other purposes.

33.  An adt for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, and paftures, of and in the parish of Steeple Claydon, in the county of Bucks,

34.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open common fields, common meadows, common paftures, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of Newton Regis other-wife Newton in the Thijiles, in the counties of Warwick and Stafford, or one of them, and also a certain common or parcel of watte ground called Clifton Heath, in the parithes of Netvton Regis otherwise Newton in the Thijiles, aforesaid, and Clifton Campville, in the county of Stafford, or one of them*

b 3  35, An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

35.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, waftes, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Aflon Abbots, in the county of Buckingham.

36.  An acct for dividing and inclosing the open fields, paftures, and commons, within the township of Holme upon the Wolds, in the parish of Holme upon the Wolds, in the eafx riding of the county of York, and for making a compensation in lieu of the tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed lands in the fame townfhip.

37.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, commons, waftes, and other commonable lands, and grounds, within the manor and parish of Pad bury, in the county of Buckingham.

38.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Trinley, otherwise Tirley, in the county of Glouce.fier.

39.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and commonable lands, within the parish of Cheddar, in the county oiSomerfet.

40.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable and waste lands, in that part of the parish of Wrougbtm, in the county of Wilts, which is fituate, lying, and being, in the hundred of Elfiub and Everley.

41.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Upton, in the county of Nottingham.

42.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, meadow, pafture, and other commonable and waste lands and grounds, in the townships or hamlets of Caunton, Beejihorpe, Earljhaw, and Knapthorpe, and for exonerating the said town-(hips or hamlets, and also the hamlet of Dean Hall, all in the parish of Caunton, in the county of Nottingham, from the payment of tythes.

43.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, waste lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Hen low, in the county of

Bedford.

44.  An ad to enable fir Henry Vane bart. to take the surname and arms of Temp'eji, pursuant to the will of John Tempejl efq; deceafed.

45.  An ad for naturalizing Jacqueline Charlotte comteffe de Hompefch and James Charles Philip Bouivens.

46.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open fields and stinted paftures, within the township of Cleckheaton, in the parish of Birjial, in the weft riding of the county of York.

47.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Ratley, in the county of Warwick.

48.  An ad for dividing and inclosing a certain piece of pafture

land

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

land in the parish of Wintrlngbam, in the county of Lincoln, called The Cow Pafture, comprising or including certain lands or grounds in the said parish of Wintringham, called The Marjh, Rotten Sykes, Low Groves, and Weftern Greens, and other land or ground lying between the fame pasture and the river Humber-, and for dividing, inclofing, and apportioning, certain other pieces of meadow and pasture ground, in the fame parifh, called The Compofttion Clofes and Hall Clofes, and for other purposes.

49.  An aft to enable John duke of Argyll, to exchange certain lands, part of his entailed estate in the ftiire of Argyll, for certain other lands in the fame fhire, belonging to himself in fee simple and to Archibald Munro.

50.  An aft for vesting the fettled estate of Henry Gaily efq; situate in the county of Huntingdon, in him and his heirs, in exchange for another eftate, of greater value, in the county of York, to be fettled in lieu of the said estate in the county of Huntingdon.

51.  An aft for vesting part of the fettled estates of Robert Rujhbrooke efq; in the county of Suffolk, in the molt noble Charles marquis Cornwallis, and his heirs, in fee fimple, and for settling an estate of equal value, in the fame county, in lieu thereof, and in exchange for the fame.

52.  An aft for vesting the fettled eftates, late of John Dolphin efq; deceafed, in the county of Stafford, in truftees, to be fold for payment of the portions of the younger children of the said John Dolphin, and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

53.  An aft to enable the trustees of certain lands in Man-chejler, Crumpfall, and Tetlow, in the county of Lane after, called Clarke's Charity Lands, to make leases for years upon rack rents, and also to grant building leafes, and make conveyances in fee, of and upon all or any part of the said lands under reserved yearly rents.

54.  An a61 for vesting part of the estates devised by the will of John Smith, formerly of London, merchant, for charitable purposes, in truftees, to be fold to John Par doe efq; and for laying out the purchase money in other estates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and for regulating the charity eftabliftied by the said will.

55.  An aft for effeftuating a partition of certain estates of fir Edward Knatcbbull bart. fir Jofeph Banks bart. and dame Dorothea his wife, and fir Henry Thomas Gott lent, situate in the counties of Kent and Suffix.

56.  An aft for dividing and leafing, or letting, certain commons or waste grounds within the borough and townftiip of Congleton, in the county of Chejler, and for applying the profits of part of the fame in aid of the poors rate, or other taxes or publick expences, within the said townfhip.

57.  An aft for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, and paftures, in the townships of March, Wolton, and Kinofton, in the parish of Much March, in the county of Hereford.

58. An



A TABLE of the STATUTES/

58.  An a<ft for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in Brig-flock and Stanton, in the county of Northampton, and such part of the parish of Sudborougby in the fame county, as is called Sudborough Greeny and also for setting out and allotting lands, in lieu of, and compensation for, the common rights upon Geddington Chafe, in the said county of Northampton, and upon that part of the forest of Rockingham, in the fame county, which is called The Hayer or Walky of Farming Woods, and for extinguishing such common rights.

59.  An a6f for naturalizing Felix Vincent Raper.

60.  An a£t for vesting part of the setled estates of Samuel Egerton Brydges efq; and Elizabeth his wife, in the county of Kenty and city of Canterbury, in truftees, to fell or exchange the fame, and for laying out the money to arise by such sale or exchange in the purchase of other freehold estates to be fettled to the fame ufes.

6r* An adf for inverting certain estates of William Tovey the elder, and William Tovey the younger, situate in the county of Warwick, in Dennis Dolan and Henry Maddocky and their heirs, in truft, to fell, for the purposes therein mentioned, such estates having been heretofore conveyed to the said Dennis Dolan and John Finch, and their heirs, as truftees, for the like purposes, and the said John Finch having become bankrupt andabfconded from this kingdom before sale thereof.

62.  An a6t for amending an.adt, parted in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft to enable the trufees of the ejlates devised by William Hulme efq\ to grant building leases thereof \ and to encrease the number of exhibitioners to Brazen Nofe College, in Oxford, founded by the said tejlatory and for other purposes therein mentioned > and to enable the trustees to convey in fee, or grant leases for lives, or for long terms of years, with or without covenants for renewal, or for perpetual renewal, under reserved yearly rents, the said trust eftates; and to enable the trustees to apply the trust monies in making such allowance to the exhibitioners as may be thought proper, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

63.  An afor vesting detached parts of the devised estates of John Maddi/on efq; deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the produce, under the direction of the court of Chanceryy in the purchase of other eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof to the fame ufes.

64.  An acct for dividing, allotting, and laying in feveralty, the open fields, lot ground, common meadows, commonable lands, and waste ground, in Wootton and Borejhilly in the parish of Cumnery in the county of Berks.

65.  An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, and waste lands, in the parish of OJboumbyy in the county of Lincoln^ and a plot of half years meadow land, called Mickling Meadow, in theparifhes of Newton and Scot Willoughby, or one of them, in the said county.

66. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

66.  An a<ft for dividing snd inclosing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the lordship of Scartbo, in the county of Lincoln.

67.  An a<5t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the whole year lands, brecks, common fields, half year or (hack lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Sedgeford, in the county of Norfolk.

68.  An adl for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, paftures, meadows, waftes, and all other open and commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Hagwortbingham> in the county of Lincoln.

69.  An aft for dividing and inclosing the open fields and meadows, common (tinted pafture, and waste lands, within the manor and lordship of Sivarby, in the county of Lincoln.

70.  An a<5t for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, waftes, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Eaton Socon, in the county of Bedford.

71.  An a& for dividing and inclosing certain common fields, in the parishes of Hillingdon and Cowley, in the county of Middlefex.

72.  An a6t for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Abbots Bromley, otherwise Pagois Bromley, in the county of Stafford.

73.  An a6t for dividing and inclosing the open and -common fields within the hamlets of Upper Eatington and Fulready, in the parish of Lower Eatington, in the county of Warwick, and for taking down and rebuilding the church of the said parifh.

74.  ; An a£t for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor of Barlbrough, in the county of Derby.

75.  An a<5t for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the manor of Bifbrooke, in the county of Rutland; and for dividing a certain common called Liddington Common, adjoining or lying near to the said manor, between the several manors or liberties to which the fame belongs; and for extinguishing certain rights of common upon the open fields and other commonable lands within the manor of Seaton, in the said county.

76.  An a<5t for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and waste grounds, within the parishes of North Leverton and HableJUoorpe otherwise Apejlhorpe, in the , county of Nottingham.

77.  An a<ft for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of South Leverton, in the county of Nottingham.

78.  An a<ft for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, common meadows, common moors, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Crawley otherwise Hufborn Crawley, in the county of Bedford\

79- Al*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

79.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the commons and wade lands, within the manor and parish of Kirby in AJhfieldy in the county of Nottingham

80.  An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the whole year lands, common fields, half year or (hack lands, fens, commons, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Great Hockhamy in the county q{ Norfolk.

81.  An ad for dividing and inclosing certain moors, commons, or waste lands, within the manor of Barnard Cajlky in the parish of Gainfordy and county of Durham, called Barnard Cajlle Moor, The Little Moor, Glenting Greeny and The Baiting Steads.

82.  An ad for effeduating an agreement entered into between Charles Chaplin efq; and the master of the hospital of Saint Michael the archangel, at Well* in the county of Torky and the vicar of the parish of Well aforesaid, for making certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said parifh, and in the hamlet of Snapey within the fame, subject to certain trufis, rights, or interefts, in favour of the said hofpital, and to an annual portion or payment to the vicar of Well in lieu of other lands and tythes at Will and Snape aforesaid, and Majl)amy in the said county.

83.  An ad for enabling the lord bishop of London to grant a leafe, with powers of renewal, of lands, in the parish of Pad* ding ton, in the county of Middlefexy for the purpose of building upon.

84.  An ad for vefVing a certain part of the fettled estates of the rev. JVHUatn Goddardy in the county of Wilts9 in trustees for fale, and for applying the money arising from the sale thereof, in or towards the discharge of the incumbrances affecting the fame, and the remaining part of the said fettled eftates, and for veiling the surplus of the money arising from the sale thereof (if any) in the purchase of other lands, to be fettled to the uses to \vhich the said fettled estates now Hand limited.

85.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, downs, and other commonable and waste lands, in the parish of Poultont, in the county of Wilts.

86.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open and com* mon fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Hasfeldy in the county of Gloucejler.

87.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, clofes, commonable lands, paftures, commons, and waste grounds, within the several parishes of Saint Pauly Saint Petery and Saint Cuihberty in the town o>f Bedford, in the county of Bedford.

88.  An ad to enable Patrick Murray Threiplandy and the heirs of entail in the lands and estate of Barnhilly to exchange the said lands and estate of Barnhilly lying in the county of Perth* for certain parts of the lands and estate of Fingajky lying within

the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the said county of Perth, belonging to Stuart Threipland, of Fingajky physician in Edinburgh, in life rent, and the said Patrick Murray Threipland in fee.

89.  An ad for sale of an estate in the parish of Bentworth, in the county of Southampton, which has been purchased with a legacy given by the will of Richard Aldworth efq; deceafed, for certain charitable purposes, and for applying the money to arise by such sale for the like purposes.

90.  An ad for confirming and rendering effectual a partition and division between the right honourable Thomas Comity, Henry Vernon efq; Levefon Vernon efq; and Richard William Howard Vyfe an infant, of divers manors, lands, and hereditaments, (heretofore the estate of the right honourable William earl of Strafford, deceafed), in the several counties of Bedford, Northampton, Suffolk, Kent, Surrey, Middlefex, and the city of London.

91.  An ad for dividing and inclosing several open fields, ings, commons, and wade grounds, within the manor, townfhip, and parish of Swillington, in the weft riding of the county of York.

92.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Woodborough, in the county of Nottingham.

93.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other common-able lands, within the parish or chapelry of Chattijley otherwise Chacely, in the county of Worcejler.

94.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, heaths, waftes, and all other open and commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Ropfey, and in the liberties or townships of Great Humby and Little Humby, in the county of Lincoln.

95.  An ad for dividing and allotting the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Keljhall, in the county of Hertford.

96.  An ad for naturalizng John Lewis Moilliet.

97.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, pafture, wafte, and other uninclosed lands and grounds, within the parish or lordship of Londonthorpe, in the county of Lincoln.

98.  An ad for dividing and inclosing certain commons and waste grounds, within the barony of Greyjloke, in the county of Cumberland.

99.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, heaths, paftures, commonable lands and waste grounds, within the lord (hip or liberties of Spittlegate, Houghton, and Walton, in the parish of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln.

100.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste lands, common fields, and rnefne inclofures, within the manor and parish of Eckington, in the county of Derby.

101.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and yvafte grounds, within the

parifhes



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

parithes of Eqft Stoke and Elfton, in the county of Nottingham> and for ascertaining the boundaries between thefaid parifhes,

102.  An a d for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open paftures, commons, and waste lands, within the parifti of Har~ laxton, in the county of Lincoln.

103.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, commonable lands, common warren, and waste grounds, within the parifti of Millbrooke, in the county of Bedford.

104.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, and such other commonable lands and waste grounds as are within, and solely belonging to, the lordftiip of Oivmby, in the parish of Searby, in the county of Lincoln.

105.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable and waste lands and grounds in the parifti of Stratton Saint Margaret, in the county of Wilts.

106.  An ad for dividing and inclosing certain common arable fields, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Great Parndon, in the county of EJfex.

107.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, a certain trad of common or waste ground called Edgeworth Moor, in the township of Edgeivorth, in the parifti of Bolton in the Moors, in the county palatine of Lancafer.

108.  An ad for dividing, inclofing, and draining, the open common fields, common paftures, commonable and waste lands and fen lands, within the manor and parish of Warboys, in the county of Huntingdon.

109.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste lands within the lordship or liberty of Aldridge, otherwise Aldrich, in the county pf Stafford.

110.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other common-able lands and grounds, within the parish of Ravenfhorpe, in the county of Northampton.

111.  An ad for naturalizing Peter Boileau.

112.  An ad for enlarging the time, and reviving certain powers, granted by an ad of parliament, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft Jor reviving certain powers granted by an aft, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majefy, intituled, c An aft

*  for dividing and inclosing such of the open. part of the difirift,

*  called The Foreft of Knarefborough, in the county of York, as

*  lie within the eleven conftableries thereof, and for other purposes 1 therein mentioned f and by an ad of the fourteenth year of his Majesty’s reign, for amending the said former ad, and for making the said two ads more efFedual.

THE END OF THE TABLES.

T H, E

THE

STATUTES at Large,

Anno  regni GEORG II III. Regis, Mag-

nee  Britannice,  Francice,  & Hibernice,

tricejimo qmnto.

AT the parliament begun and  at  Weft-

minfter, the twenty-fifth day of November,

Anno Domini 1790, in the thirty-firft year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,  King, defeiider of the faith, &c. And from

thence continued, by fever al prorogations, to the thirtieth day of December 1794; being the fifth fejfion of the seventeenth parliament of Great Britain.

C A P. I.

An a£t for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety*five. [January .ai, 1795*] 1 Geo. 3. c. 3. continued to June 24, 1796.

CAP. II.

An a61 for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be railed in Great-Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five. [.January 21, 1795.] Four (hillingsin the pound.—

In England to raise 1,989,6731. 7s. rod. iq.—In Scotland47,954b is. 2d.

Total, 2,037,627!. 9s, od. iq.

CAP. III.

An ?.<ft to continue, for a limited time, an aft, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An a£tto impower his Majesty to secure and detain such ptrfons as his Majesty shall fulpecft are conspiring against his perfonand government. [February 5, 1795. ] Continued to July 1, 1795.

Vol. XL.  B  CAP.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto GeorgiI III.

c-4- [i795«

CAP. IV.

Preamble.

33 Geo. 3. c. 65, recited.

An afi for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and per -mit the importation, of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provtjion, for a limited ti?ne, without payment of duty.—[February 13, 1795.]

WrHEREAS it appears from the general average prices of certain forts of corn in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, that his Majefly is not now authorised to prolribit the exportation of such forts 0/~Britifh corn from Scotland, nor to permit the importation of such forts of foreign corn into Scotland, pursuant to the poive^s in him vefed by two afls, one passed in the thirty-firfl year of his 31 Geo. 3. c. present Ma]ejlfs reign, intituled, An a£t for regulating the impor-30, and  tation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on

foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on Britijh corn exported; the other, passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majefly1 s reign, intituled, An a£t to amend an a£t, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

1  An afor regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on Britijh corn exported: * and whereas it is expedient, under the present circumjlances, that his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, Jhould be authorifed, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, for a limited time, to prohibit generally the exportation of any fort of corn, and of other articles mentioned in the said acts, from any part of this kingdom, and to permit generally the importation of the fame into any part of this kingdom, zvhatever may be the general average price of any such fort of corn or of oatmeal, and further to permit the fame to be imported in British flips, or in ships belonging to persons of any kingdom or fate in amity with his Majefy, and navigated in any manner whatever, and to permit the fame to be taken out of warehoufe, with out payment of any duty whatever: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enaclcd; and be it enadfed by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament alfembled, and by the au-His Majesty in thority of the fame, That, from and after the pasting of this a£f, ^MbiMhe an<^ untl^ expiration of fix weeks from the commencement of exportation  t^e next fefiion of  parliament, it (hall and may be lawful for his

from Great  Majesty, his  heirs  and fucceffors, and he and they is and are

Britain, of any hereby authorifed, with the advice of his or their privy council, andpermhthe w^atever may be the general average price of any of the said .importationof  f°rts corn  or °f  oatmeal in England or Scotland refpedlively,

any foreign  from time lo  time,  when and as often as the fame shall be judged

corn, &c.duty expedient, to prohibit generally for a limited time the expor-the^kineout tat*on’ trolTl England and Scotland refpe&ively, of any Britijh or foreign corn foreign wheat, rye, barley, beer, or bigg, peafe, beans, oats, or from ware- any meal or flour, or bread, bifeuit, or malt, made thereof, or houses for any Indian corn or maize, or meal or flour made thereof, and furmitfon '&c.t0 Pert™c generally the importation, into England or Scotland re-’  fpedtively.

*795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quirito Georgii III. c. 4°  3

fpedtivelv, of any foreign corn or other articles as aforesaid, in. any Britijh (hip or veffel, or in any other (hip or vessel belonging to persons of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner whatever, without payment of any duty whatfoever; and also the taking out of warehouse for home confumption, of any such foreign corn or other articles as aforesaid, without payment of any duty whatfoever; and also the entering of any such foreign corn or other articles as aforesaid, which shall have been imported into this kingdom on or before the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and shall remain on shipboard unentered, without payment of any duty whatfoever; and in like manner to recal such prohibition or permiflion, either in part or in the whole, if circumstances shall appear fo to require, any thing in the said before-mentioned a£ts, or in any other adf, or part of any a£t, to the contrary notwithftanding; and if any person shall export, Penalty for or shall load dr lay on board any ship or other vefTel with intent exporting or to export, or if any person shall import, any corn or other arti- ^Jt°r^tinrf3erc cles as aforesaid, contrary to such prohibition or permillion of to. his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, the person fo exporting, or loading or laying on board with intent to export, or the person fo importing the fame, shall be liable arid subject to the like forfeitures and penalties, and the said corn or other articles, and the ship or vessel in which the fame shall be exported, or loaded or laid on board, or in which the fame shall be imported, shall be subject and liable to the like forfeitures, and in like manner to be sued for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed, as if the said corn or other articles were exported, or loaded or laid on board, or imported, contrary to the provisions cf either of the said two adts, passed in the thirty-firft and in the Power fo pro'* thirty-third years of his present Majesty’s reign: provided al- hibit exporta-ways, That the power hereby granted to his Majesty,- his heirs tionnottoex-and fucceffors, with the advice of his or their privy council, to prohibit the exportation from this kingdorn, of any fort of corn p0Ited and or other articles as aforesaid, (hall not extend; or be coriftrued warehoused to extend, to any foreign corn, meal, or flour, that shall have agreeable to been imported and warehoufed, in the manner and on the con- ^ited^ ditions mentioned in the before-mentioned adt of the thirty-firft out for home year of his present Majesty’s reign, and shall not have been taken confumption. out of such warehouse for home confumption.

II.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That in every such His Majesty in cafe it shall and may lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fuc- council may ceflors, with the advice of his or their privy council, to permit carrviri^coaft-the carrying coaftwife, or Carrying out, or the exportation,' of wiie, &c. the several forts of corn, or other articles a$ aforesaid, for all or corn, &c. for any of the purposes mentioned in the said two acts passed in the the purpoies thirty-firft and thirty-third years of his present Majesty’s reign, ^^recit^d^ or either of them, in like manner, and in the fame proportions acts, and quantities, and from and to the*' fame ports arid places as is allowed by the said two adts, or either of them, at such times as any of the several forts of corn, or other articles as aforesaid,

£ 3  are



Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 4.  [1  795*

are prohibited to be exported, subject to the like fecurities, conditions, regulations, and reftridions* forfeitures and penalties, as arc by the said two ads, or by either of them, in any such cafe required and iinpofed.

III.  And ivhereas it is like-wife expedient, under the present cir» cum/lancesy to permit, for a limited time, the importation of certain other provisions into G reat Britain, in British /hips, or in flips belonging to persons of any kingdom or fate in amity with his Majefly, and navigated in any manner whatever, zvithout payment of any Certain arti- duty whatever; be it therefore further enacted bv the authority im^T'ed ^into a^ore^a^5 That, from and after the palling of this ad, and until Great Britain t^ie exphation of iix weeks from the commencement of the next from any section of parliament, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any place, in Bri- person or persons whatever to import into Great Britain, from veflelsbelon°r an*y Port °r P^ace whatever, in any Brit if.b Clip or veftel, or in ing to places*" any other ship or vessel belonging to persons of any kingdom or in amity with state in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner his Majesty, whatever, any beans called Kidney or French Beans, tares, lentiles, dutyfree. callivancies, and all other forts of pulfe; and also bulls, cowSj oxen, calves, fheep, lambs, and swine ; beef, pork, mutton, veal, and lamb, whether salted or otherwife; bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheefe, potatoes, rice, fago, fago-powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four-crout, without the payment of any duty whatever, at all times before the said expiration of fix weeks from the commencement of the said next section of parliament; any thing in any ad or ads of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

IV.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Entry of such aforesaid, That a due entry (hall be made of all such beans called ^^with^he ^*^ney or French Feans, tares, lentiles, callivancies, and all other officer of the ^orts Pu^e; and of such bulls, cows, oxen, calves, fheep, cuftoms, on lambs, and fwine; beef and pork, veal, mutton, and lamb; penalty of for- bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheefe, potatoes, rice, fago, fago-texture.  powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs,

game, and four-crout, that {hall be imported by virtue of this ad, or any order in council made under the authority thereof, with the proper officers of the customs at the port into which the fame shall be imported ; and in default thereof, the fame (hall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms.

Howpenaltiea V, And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Sr^and dif^ penalties and forfeitures created and incurred by this ad, (and posed of. not herein otherwise specially directed to be prosecuted and recovered), shall and may be sued for, profecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalties incurred, or any goods, fhips, or veifcls, forfeited for any offence against the laws of cuftoms, may now be legally sued for, profecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this ad shall be entitled to, and receive such share of the pro-;  duce

1795O Anno regnI*triceGmo quinto Georgii III. c. 4.  $

duce arising from the seizures as they are now by Jaw entitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importation, and to such ffcare of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine or penalty, or composition paid for any offence againU this a£f, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon profecu-tions for pecuniary penalties.

VI.  And be it further enafled by the authority aforesaid, That If any such ar-

in cafe any such beans called Kidney or French Beans, tares, len- keen^m*'^ tiles, callivancies, or other forts of pulfe; or bulls, cows, oxen, b^Dec^i* C calves, fi)eep, lambs, fwine, beef, pork, veal, mutton, lamb, ba~ 1794, and recoil, hams, tongues, butter, cheefe, potatoes, rice, fago, fago- main on board powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs,  or

game, or four-crout, herein-before permitted to be imported ^rehoufes without ^payment of duty, shall have been imported into this they may be kingdom on or before the said first day of December laft, and shall delivered for remain on shipboard unentered, or. shall be lodged and fecured

in any warehouse or warehouses in this kingdom under his tyTree01^ U* Majesty’s locks, the duties due by law not having been paid on such goods, it shall and may be lawful for the proper officers of his Majeity’s customs in England and Scotland refpedlively, during the continuance of this a£I, to deliver any such goods to the importers or proprietors thereof for home confumption, without payment of any duty whatever, on a regular entry being firfi: made for the fame, with the proper officers of the cuftoms; any law, cuflom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.  Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That• notwithstanding any thing contained His Majesty in this, or in any other a£f, it shall and may be lawful to and for in council ^ his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, during the continuance of ^p^miJVhe this a£f, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, importation from time to time to prohibit, or from time to time to permit, of luch arti-the importation of any beans called Kidney or French Beans, cles, as may-tares, lentiles, callivancies, and all other forts of pulfe; and of expedient, bulls, cows, oxen, calves, Sleep, lambs, fwine, beef, pork, veal,

mutton, lamb, bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheefe, potatoes, rice, fago, fago-powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four-crout, for such time or times, and in such manner, and under such reflriclions and regulations, as may be thought expedient and proper.

VIII.  And be it further enabled. That copies of such orders Copies of or-as (hall be made by his Majesty in council, for any of the pur-

pofes mentioned in this a£t, if made when parliament is fitting, before {hall be laid before both houses of parliament within three days parliament, after the fame shall have been issued ; and if made v/hen parliament is not fitting, then within fourteen days after the meeting of the next session of parliament.

IX.  Provided always, and be it enacted, That it {hall be law-Adf maybe ful to alter or repeal this present a£t, and every or apy thing

therein contained, in this present session of parliament.  feffion. 11

E 3

CAP.

 CjOO^Ic

Anno regni tricefitno quinto Georgii III. c. 5.  [1795,

CAP. V.

An aEt for raifmg a certain number of , in the  counties

Englander thefervice of navy.—[March 5,1795.]

TT/HEREAS it is expedient for the publick fervice, at the W present conjuncture, that the rnojl effectual measures Jhould he adopted, for providing a speedy supply of men to serve in his Ma~ jeffs navy: may it therefore please your Majesty that it be en-ja6tedj and be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That there (hall be levied, within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, in the several counties, ridings, ft all be levied ancj divifions, herein-after mentioned, such able-bodied men to the^pr^opor-411 **erve Majesty in the navy of Great Britain, at such times, tions follow- and in such manner, as is herein directed; and that the number men to be levied by virtue of this act shall be as follows (that is to fay),

For the county of Bedford, fixty-feven.

For the county of Berks, one hundred and eight.

For the county of Bucks, one hundred and feventeen.

For the county of Ca?nbridge, one hundred and twenty-fix.

For th^ county of Chejier, with the city and county of the city of Chefler, two hundred and forty-fix.

For the county of Cornwall, one hundred and ninety-four.

For the county of Cumberland, one hundred and eighty-four. For the county of Derby, one hundred and ninety-four.

For the county of Devon> with the city and county of the city of Exeter, three hundred and ninety-three.

For the county of Dorfet, with the town and county of the town of Poole, one hundred and forty-two.

For the county of Durham, one hundred and feventy-three.

For the county of EJfex, two hundred and forty-four.

For the county of Gloucejler, with the city and county of the city of Gloucejler, and the city and county of the city of Brijlol, two hundred and one.

For the county of Hereford, one hundred and two.

For the county of Hertford, one hundred and fourteen.

For the county of Huntingdon, forty-five.

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, and such of the cinque ports as are situate within the said county of Kent, four hundred and forty.

For the county of Lancafler, five hundred and eighty-nine.

For the county of Leicejler, one hundred and eighty-three.

For the division of Lindfey, in the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, one hundred and ninety-one ; for the division of Kefleven, in the said county of Lincoln, ninety-three; and for the division of Holland., in the said county of Lincoln, fifty-eightc  For

6

Preamble-

Men to serve in the navy

I795»] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5*

For the city and county of the city of London, one hundred and ninety-eight.

For the county of Middlefiex, inclusive of the division commonly called The Tower Hamlets, and the liberty of the Tower, four hundred and fifty-one.

For the county of Monmouth, fifty-eight.

For the county o{Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, two hundred and fixty.

For the county of Northampton, one hundred and thirty-feven.

For the county of Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of Newcafile-upon-Tyne, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, one hundred and feventy-fix.

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and county of the town of Nottingham, one hundred and fixty-one.

For the county of Oxford, one hundred and twenty-feven.

For the county of Rutland, twenty-three.

For the county of Salop, one hundred and feventy-fix.

For the county of Somerfet, three hundred and fifty-one.

For the county of Southampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton, two hundred and thirty-fix.

For the county of Stafford, with the city and county of the city of Litchfield, two hundred and forty-five.

For the county of Suffolk, two hundred and fixty-three.

For the county of Surrey, three hundred and twenty-three.

For the county of Suffex, with such of the cinque ports as are situate within the said county, one hundred and feventy-two.

For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry, one hundred and ninety-three.

For the county of Wefimoreland, fixty-nine.

For the county of Worcejler, with the city and county of the city of Worcejler, one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Wilts, one hundred and fixty.

For the east riding of the county of York, with the town and county of the town of Kingfion upon Hull, one hundred and feventy-five ; for the weft riding of the said county, fix hundred and nine; and for the north riding of the said county, with the city and county of the city of York, two hundred and ninety-feven.

For the county of Anglefea, thirty-four.

For the county of Brecknock, forty-one.

For the county of Cardigan, thirty-fix.

For the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Carmarthen, fixty-feven.

For the county of Carnarvon, thirty-fix*

For the county of Denbigh, feventy-three.

For the county of Flint, thirty-eight.

For the county of Glamorgan, feventy-fixo

For the county of Merioneth, forty-three.

For the county of Montgomery, fixty-nine*

For the county of Pembroke, with the town and county of the town of Haverfordwejl, forty-fix*

For the county of Radnor, twenty-fix.

B 4,  II.  And

7 8  Anno  regni  tricesimo  qvinto  Georgii III. c, 5. [1795.

Admiralty to JR And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ce^s°to\'e^u"  anc^  may  f°r the Commiffioners for executing thfe

late the ad- office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, and million of  they are hereby required, to constitute and appoint, in such of the

men, &c.  counties, ridings, or divifions, in such part of Great Britain as

aforefaid, (except in the city and county of the city of London)y io many officers to regulate the admission of men to be levied under the authority of this act for his Majefly’s fervice, as the laid commissioners shall deem neceftary; who, being fo respectively appointed, shall establish a convenient place or places of rendezvous, in each such county, riding, or divifion, (except the city and county of the city of London as aforefaid), for the reception of such men; and every such man fo to be levied (hall, before his inrolment, be examined by one such regulating officer at the leaft, as to his ability to serve his Majefly ; and every such officer (hall have full power of approving or of rejedling any man tendered to serve his Majefly, subject nevertheless to such con-troul and fuperintendance as by this adt is particularly directed. Juftices,with- III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in ar days  the ju{Rces cf the peace adding in and for the several counties,

this adt to* ridings, and divisions aforesaid, fhall, within a time not exceeding hold a general twenty-one days after the palling of this add, afletnble together at sessions for ^ some convenient place in each county, riding, or divifion, where carrying it in- the general quarter sessions of the peace have heretofore or ufuallv lon* been held, and there hold a court of general feffions, for the pur-pofe of carrying effectually into execution the powers given to them by this add; and that in every cafe where any city, town or borough, cinque port or liberty, is hereby united with any county at large, riding, or divifion, in estimating the number of men to be raised bv virtue of this add, the justices of such city, town or borough, cinque port or liberty, lhall assemble them-felves together with the justices of such county at large, riding, or divifion, and the justices fo assembled shall refpecdively have and be entitled to exercise the powers and jurifdiddions of justices of the peace, in all things touching the execution of this add, as well for such city, town, borough, cinque port or liberty, as also for such county at large, riding, or divifion, and shall be deemed and taken to be such justices refpedlively, without any other or further qualification ; and that the said justices fo assembled may, from time to time, as often as they shall find it neceftary, adjourn such court of general feffions, fo that such adjournment shall not be for any longer time than from day to day (Sundays excepted) until they shall have fully and effectually carried this add into execution, in respect of the powers veiled in such court of general sessions by this adt, except as to such adjournment as shall be made to the quarter sessions as hsrein-after is mentioned.

Clerk of the IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That peace, with the c]^ 0f the peace of every county, riding, or divifion, where two^uftice^ a court general sessions is hereby directed to be held, fhall, with to appoint the the assent of any two justices of the peace of any such county, time of hold- riding, or divifion, appoint a time and place of holding the firft

court

1795*3 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.  9

court of general feffions, to be held by virtue of this act, ofwhich ing the first notice (hall be given in any newspaper ufuaily circulated in such |^ra* county, riding, or divifion, five days at the leatt before the day appointed for holding such court; and in cafe, at such time of appoint- If sufficient ing such court, or at any subsequent time of appointing such court juftiees do not by adjournment, there shall not be justices of the peace attendirig^'^^’ ^ sufficient to hold such general fefTions, any one justice of the peace adjourned, who shall there attend shall and may adjourn the fame to the next day, and fo from day to day (Sundays excepted) until such court shall be held ; and in cafe no such justice shall attend at the time and place appointed for holding such court, then the cleric of the peace shall adjourn the time of holding such court from day to day (Sundays excepted) until luch court shall be du!y held.

V.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Treafurvto the commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury for the time being cause lifts -to shall cause to be prepared true lifts of the number of all the inha- ^ the number bited houses within the limits of the jurisdiction of each court of of inhabited general feffions, which are afleiTed and pay to the duties on inha-houfes within bited houfes, or to the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, in the limits of such part of Great Britain as aforesaid, by virtue of any a6t or a 61s of parliament now in force, distinguishing therein each hundredrt() pay\}le rape, lath, wapentake, or diftridf, and also each parifh, tything, ties on houfes, or place, within such hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or diftridt, Sec. and laid and shall cause the fame to be laid belore the juf luces then affiem-bled at their respective courts of general feffions, by the refpec- f^-veyorofthe tive Furveyors of the said duties, and to be by them verified on duties, oath, if required (which oath the said justices then assembled are hereby authorised to adminifter); and such justices reflectively Juftices to ap* shall proceed to appoint what number of men shall serve for each point what such hundred, city, or town, rape, lath, wapentake, or diftri6>, menHaalMerv-and also for each parifh, tything, or place, separately supporting for each hun-^ its own poor, within such hundred, city, or town, rape, lath, dred, &c.; wapentake, or district refpedtively, and in proportion, as nearly as may be, to the number of houses therein respectively affected and paying to the said duties, and fo as the whole number of men appointed by this a£t to be raised for such county, riding, or divifion, may be included, and lhall iftiie an order, signed by the and to order clerk of the peace of such county, riding, or diviiion, to the chiefthe conftablea constables or other officers of the respective hundreds, laths, wa%oftheimmbe? pentakes, or other diftridls, within such counties, ridings, or divi- an<j the time* fions as aforesaid, requiring them to give notice to the church- for raffing wardens or overseers of the poor of every parifh, tithing, or place, thenft to the separately supporting its own poor, within their respective hun-°®cers* dreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other diftridls, of the number of men fo appointed to be levied for such parifhes, ty things, or places refpeTively, and of the time allowed for railing the fame, and of making a return to such orders ; all which particulars shall be specified in such orders and notices refpedhvely : and the said juf- Juftices at ge-tices, at such court of general felftons, (hall also appoint petty fef- tiera! sessions fioris to be held within the different diftridlrs of each county, riding, or divifion, wherein petty sessions have been ufuaily held, and also j^ceivin^8

Within returns, and

At first petty feffions, con-ftables and

io Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795*

pttefting and within each city, borough, town, cinque port, or liberty, having trolling men. magistrates of itfelf, for the purpose of receiving the returns of the officers of the several parifhes, tythings, or places, within those districts refpecftivety, and of attesting and causing to be in-rolled the number of men to be raised by virtue of this a61, after such persons {hall be approved of by the regulating officer or officers to be appointed for that purpose ; and the said justices shall also appoint a time for holding the first petty sessions to be holden paHfh officers ln eac^ diftriQ under this a£f, at which first petty sessions returns to make re- shall be made by the chief constables and other officers, and also turns, See. by the churchwardens or overfeers, of all matters and things done by them in pursuance of this a6t, according to the directions therein contained, and wffiich petty sessions shall be appointed at a day not later than twenty-one days after ifTuing the orders before-mentioned ; and such juftices, having completed such orders, shall and may then adjourn their court of general sessions to, the next quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for such county, riding, or divifion.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-

Mayor, $ec. of rity aforefaid. That the mayor, recorder, and aldermen of the city London, at Gf London, aftembled at the general sessions of the peace to be held Effion^to ap- *n anc* ^or  by  virtue  of this act, shall appoint the

pointthenum- number of men to serve for each ward or parifh, precinct, liberty, ber of men to and place, separately supporting its own poor, within the city, and serve for each county of the city of London aforesaid, as nearly as may be to the ^ooortion^o amount °f the aflefTment to the duties on inhabited houfes, and the amount of the duties on houfes, windows, or lights, in such ward or parifh, the duties on precinct, liberty, and place reflectively, instead of the number of houfes. &c. houses therein reflectively aflefTed and paying to the said duties, as

herein-before directed • any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VII. And, for enabling the mayor, recorder, and aldermen of the city of London aforesaid to appoint or apportion the number of men hereinbefore direhed, be it further enacted by the authority afore-

Clerks to the faid. That the clerk or clerks to the refpe<tive commissioners for commissioners carrying into execution the several acts of parliament respecting orThoufes^&c duties on inhabited houfes, and the duties on houfes, windows, in London, to or lights, in the city and county of the city of London aforesaid, prepare lifts of shall prepare, or cause to be prepared, true lifts of the number of *ke nu™bers a]j inhabited houses which are aftefted, and pay to the duties on Lflech and\he * inhabited houfes, or to the dutites on houfes, windows, or lights, amount of the in the city and county of the city of London aforesaid, by virtue affielfments in of any aeft or adls of parliament now in force, and also the amount; each ward, 0f the alleffiments of the said duties refpeeftively, diftinguifining before the ^ herein each ward or parifh, precincft, liberty, or place, separately mayor, See. supporting its own poor, within the city and county of the city qf London aforesaid ; and the said lifts shall respectively be verified on oath by the said clerk or clerks, if required, (which oath the faicf mayor, recorder, or aldermen refpeeftively, are hereby authorised to adminifter), and laid before the mayor, recorder, and aldermen, aftembled at their respective general or quarter sessions aforefaid.

VIII.  And

1795'] Anno regni tricesimo quintoGEORGH III. c. 5*  11

VIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, within every county, riding, or divifion, (not being a city, What justices town, or borough, and a county of itfelf, nor a city, borough, ^feffionT town corporate, cinque port, or liberty, having refped!ively their ^ y own magistrates or juftices), the justices of the peace usually ad!ing in and for the district wherein such petty sections shall be directed by the court of general sections to be held, or such other justices as shall be specially appointed by the court of general sessions to ad! in such diftridl, which they are hereby authorised to appoint in every district where they shall fee occafion, shall be the justices for holding such petty feftions, and no other; and that within any city, borough, tov/n corporate, cinque port, or liberty, or any city, borough, or town, being a county of itfelf, the justices or magistrates of such city, borough, town corporate, cinque port, or liberty, and no other, shall hold such petty Juftices to sections within such city, borough, town corporate, cinque port, hold the petty or liberty; and such justices respectively shall meet and hold ^^oh^teefb11 their respective petty sections at the time and place appointed by the general * the general feftions, and shall receive the returns of the church- feftions, and wardens and overseers of the poor of all such parifhes, tythings, receive the and places refpedtively, touching the execution of the orders given to them under this ad!; and fhall, at their first petty sections  ett

to be held by virtue of this adi, fix a time or times for hearing f^o^s t/fU the appeals of parifhes, tythings, or places, charged to raise a time for men under this ad!, against the proceedings of regulating officers hearing ap-la be appointed under this ad!, as herein-after is dired!ed; and peals. &c. ftlall give notice at what time or times, place or places, any such appeal may be heard and determined, and which shall not be later than twenty days after the respective times appointed for making returns by the churchwardens or overseers repedtive-ly; and such justices shall then and there meet to hear and determine such appeals, and in all respects shall do and execute, with diligence and difpatch, all matters and things intrusted to them by this ad!; and any one or more of such justices there at- Petty sections tending, or in default of such attendance the high constable or pay bead-other principal officer of the peace of the hundred, rape, lath, Journe * wapentake, city, borough, town, liberty, or place, wherein such petty sections shall be held, shall have authority from time to time to adjourn the petty feflions, giving publick notice of the time .and place of holding the next adjourned feftions, and fo from .time tp time, as there shall be occafion, by causing such notice in writing to be affixed on the door of the church or chapel of the place where such sections shall be held, two days at leaf! before the time of holding such feftions, where such time shall intervene, otherwise at such convenient time as shall be mod expedient.

IX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, General fef-That it shall be lawful for the laid justices at their general lions may add fefftons to add together, whenever they shall think it neceflary, together two two or more parifhes, tythings, or places, for the raising any saan or number of men, by virtue of this ad!, fo as to make the men> &c.

'  charge

12 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795.

charge within every parifh, tything, or place, as equal and impartial as poffible; and that where the parishes, tythings, or places, fo added together, {hall lie in» different hundreds, rapes, Jaths, wapentakes, or diftrids, within the fame county, riding, or divifion, to direct in what hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or diftrid, the fame (hall be confidered, for the purposes of this ad; and the said juftices, and also the justices at their petty feffions, and all churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the said parifnes, tythings, and places refpedtively, fo added together, shall proceed to raise the proportion of men, in like manner as if they had been originally charged upon one parifh, tything, or place; and the churchwardens and overseers of the several pa-rifhes, tythings, and places, fo added together, shall ad together in the execution of this ad as if they were respectively officers ard also extra-0f one and the fame parifh, tything, or place ; and that where other^hces there shall be any extra-parochial place, or other place wherein where no no rate f°r the rcbef °f the poor {hall have been made within poors rates the space of three years next before the passing of this ad, it shall have shall be lawful for such justices at such general sessions to add

been made for extra-parochial or other place where no rates have been three years, to .  r  -  .  .  f  ,r  y  r  .  .  .  .

places adjoin- made as aforesaid, for railing the quota or men by virtue of this

^" ad, to any parifh, tything, or place adjoining thereto, and where churchwardens or overseers (hall be appointed and shall ad ; and such churchwardens or overseers of such other parifh, tything, or place, fhall, for the purposes of this act, by virtue of such adcition, be appointed to ad, and shall ad, as churchwardens or overseers of such extra-parochial or other place where there arc no rates as aforesaid ; and in all such cafes the churchwardens and overseers acting together for such parifhes, tythings, or places (whether parochial or extra-parochial), by virtue of this ad, shall hold their meetings under this ad in the parifh, tything, or place, which shall be named first in such order of general feffions; and if any difference or disagreement shall arise between the inhabitants or officers of any parifh, tything, or place, or between the officers of different parifhes, tythings, or places, touching the execution of this ad, the justices of the ty feffionsPto Peace magiftrates, acting in and for the district where such determine dif- difference or disagreement shall happen, shall at any petty feffions, ferences be-^ and they are hereby authorifed, at the request or upon the com-t a^^or^^ifh P^a*nt  any inhabitant of any such parifh, tything, or place,.to

officers.1 bear and determine the fame, and! make such order therein.as to them shall seem meet, and such orders shall be final and conclu-five to all parties.

X.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Fines for de- aforesaid, That where any such parifhes, tythings, or places shall m^n or btmf added together as aforesaid, and any fine or fines {hall be ad-tieTto bepro-t0 be levied for default of raising the proper proportion of portioned be- men; or any sum or sums of money agreed to be given as a tween places bounty or bounties to ahy man' or men raised in pursuance added toge- Qf t^js a(^ fha]i be ffireded to be levied, such fine or fines, and bounty or bounties refpedively,- shall be divided and appor-«  tioned,

mg thereto.

Pariffi officers acting lb together, to hold their meetings in the place named hrft in the order of general fef-fions.

ther, accord-

in the churc flands, See,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quiftto GeorGii III. c. 5.

tioned, as near as may be, between fitch parifhes, tythings, and ing to the places refpedtively, in such proportions as the number of inhabited dumber of in-houfes assessed to and paying the said duties in each parifh, tyth-  eS

ing, or phcc, shall bear to each other; and the respective juf- each, tices are hereby authorised and required to divide and apportion the fame accordingly.

XI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The charge

where any parish shall lie in two or more counties, ridings, or f°r railing divifions, the charge imposed upon such parifh, for raising men  in

for his Majesty’s service by this adl, shall be in the county, rid - two counties ing, or divilion, where the church belonging to such parish is shall be made iituated*, and that such parish fhall, for the purposes of this adl,

be deemed part of the county, riding, or divifion; and the + ^ bounty or bounties to be levied (or in cafe any line or fines shall be levied of such parish for default in not raising men for the purposes of this act, then also such fine and lines refpectively) shall be paid to the treasurer of such county, riding, or divifion.

XII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Craike shall be for the several purposes of this a£t, the conftablery of Craike, deemed part which is a parcel of the county of Durham, surrounded by part of

of the north riding of the county of York, shall be deemed to be Yorkshire; situate within, and part of, the said north riding ; and that part of that part of the parish of Maker, which lies in the county of Cornwall, shall Maker as lies be deemed to be situate within, and part of, the county of Corn-wall; and that the town and parish of Wokingham shall be deemed county; to be situate within, and part cf, the county of Berks; and that Wokingham, the township of Filey shall be deemed to be situate within, and part of the part of, the east riding of the county of York; and that Threap-  File  r

wood fhali be deemed to be situate within, and part of, the parish partof the ** of Worthenbury in the county of Flint; and that the parish of eaft. riding of Saint Martin, called Stamford Baron, in the suburbs of the bo- Yorkfhire; rough and town of Stamford on the south fide of the waters called ^^of Welland, shall be deemed to be situate within par of the county parjfh 0f of Lincoln ; and that the several towns and places herein-before Worthen-mentioned, and deemed to be situate within, and part of, the bury; and several counties, ridings, and places aforesaid, for the purposes ^r1^orc^r oi this act, shall be subject to the jurisdiction and authority of Qf Lincoln -the justices of the peace and other officers of the respective fuire. counties, ridings, and places, within which such towns and places are hereby deemed to be fituate; any law, ufuage, or cuf-tom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Parifh officers

the churchwardens or overfcers of the poor of every parifh, tyth- t0.c:l1! t^je ing, or place, to whom notice of such orders as aforesaid shall be  lA~

~.. .^.nts to-call gather, to

given, fhall, immediately after the receiving such nonce, together the principal inhabitants of such parifh, tvthing, or confider of place, to a vestry or other meeting, to take into consideration the  cr"

moll speedy and effedlual means of raising the number of.men appointed to be railed by them in pursuance of this acl, of which men ; meeting two days publick notice shall be given in writing, by affixing the fame on the church or chapel door of every such

parifli.



Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795*

and, with their confent, to agree with volunteers to serve in the navyj

and to make rates for the bounties, &c.

Parifh officers may reim-burfe them-felves money paid to volunteers.

Power for col-]e<fting poor rates to extend to this

parifh, tything, or place, or where there is no church or chapel,-then on the church or chapel door nearest thereto, specifying the’ cause of calling such vestry or meeting; and it {hall be lawful for the said churchwardens and overseers refpeftively, with the consent of the inhabitants of such vestry or meeting fo affembled, to agree with any person or perfons, subject to such approbation or rejection as herein is mentioned, to enter as a volunteer or volunteers to serve his Majesty in the navy of Great Britain ; and if any such churchwardens or overseers fhall, pursuant to such confent, agree to give to such volunteer or volunteers any sum or sums of money, as a bounty or bounties for his or their engaging in such fervice, it shall be lawful for such churchwardens or overseers to make a rate upon the inhabitants of every such parifh, tything, or place, according to the rate then made for the relief of the poor; and where two or more parifhes, ty things, or places, shall be added together by virtue of this aft, such rate shall be made generally for all such parifhes, tythings, or places, fo added together, and shall be divided and apportioned between them in such proportions as the number of inhabited houses afiefTed to and paying the said duties in each such parifh, tything, or place, shall bear to each other refpeftively; which rates being published and approved of as rates for the relief of the poor are by law directed to be published and approved of, it shall be lawful for such churchwardens or overseers to colJeft, and reimburse themselves all such sum or sums of money as they shall have paid for such volunteer or volunteers as aforesaid, and the overplus (if any) shall be applied, in like proportions as aforesaid, as part of the poor’s rate; and all the like remedies, powers, rules, and methods, ufed, given, and applied, lor ascertaining, levying, and collecting the rates for the relief of the poor, (except where other provisions are made by this aft), shall be ufed, applied, and put in force, for afeertaining, levying, and collecting the rates to be made by virtue of this aft, in all and every the parifhes, tythings, and places, whether parochial' or extra-parochial, charged with raising men for such service as aforesaid, in as full and ample a manner as if the fame remedies,-powers, rules, and methods, had been extended as well to such extra-parochial as parochial places, and were particularly fet forth in this aft.

Juiiices may direct a third of bounties to be advanced, at the request of volunteers, on their being brought for examination; and the refi-due to remain in the hands of the trea-furer till they are muttered on board.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* That it shall be lawful for the juffices of the peace, before whom any person shall be brought to be examined touching his consent to enter into the said fervice, to direft any sum not exceeding one third part of the bounty agreed to be paid t-o him on his engaging to ferve, to be advanced to such perfon, of to fueh of his family, and in such proportions, as he shall request at the time of his inrolment; and that the refldue of such bounty shall be paid into the hands of the laid treafurer, there to remairi until the fame shall become payable to such perfon, on his being mustered on beard any of his -Majefty’s ships of war as herein is direfted.

XV. And

*795-1 Annoregnitricesimoquinto Georgii IIT. c. 5.  15

XV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Volunteers to

every person who (hall agree to enter himself as a volunteer in  cfc

fuch service as aforesaid shall be produced before the officer or nearest regu-officers appointed to regulate such service at the nearest place of lating officer, rendezvous to any parifh, tything, or place, for which such vo- and if approve lunteer (hall agree to ferve; and in cafe such officer or officers juftices, fhall, on examination, approve of such volunteer or volunteers whc> shall cer-to serve his Majesty, then such volunteer or volunteers may tify their en-forthwith be brought before two or more justices of the peace tering, and adfing in and for the diftridf where any such parifh, tything, or  par

place, shall be fituate; and in cafe it shall appear to such juftices

of the peace that such person or persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in such fervice, then such justices fhall, and they are required, forthwith to certify under their hands that such person or persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in the service of his Majesty’s navy, setting forth therein the place or places of the birth or lawful fettlement, age or ages, and calling or callings, of him or them refpe&ively, if the fame shall be known; and shall alfo, at the foot of every such certificate, enter the amount of the sums to be paid as a bounty or bounties to such volunteer or volunteers, on his or their entering into such fervice, and the sums (if any) Certificates to which shall be diredfted to be advanced to him or them at the reguMn^ time of his or their inrolment; and which certificates shall be officer, who delivered to such regulating officer or officers, and the regulating shall cause the officer or officers shall thereupon cause such person or persons volunteers to refpetftively to be inrolled in his Majesty’s naval fervice.  eimo ed.

XVI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That in cafe the regulating officer or officers at the nearest place If regulating of rendezvous aforesaid shall rejedV any person or persons pro- °®cer reject duced before him or them as such volunteer or volunteers as the^ariffi^f-aforefaid, as unfit to serve his Majesty, and the churchwardens ficers mav ap-or overseers of any parifh, tything, or place, for which such per- peal to the ion or persons shall have been tendered to ferve, shall think Pett>r ieiiions. themselves aggrieved by such determination of such officer or officers, it shall and may be lawful for such churchwardens or overfeers, on giving immediate notice to such regulating officer or officers of their intention, to appeal to the justices of the dif-tridt wherein such parifh, tything, or place, shall be fituate, afTembled at the next petty sessions to be hoklen by virtue of Regulating this adft; and such regulating officer or officers, on receiving such notice, fhall, and he and they is and are hereby required, peal, to write before the time of hearing such appeal, to fet down his rea- his reasons Tons in writing for such rejection, which reafons, being pro- f°r such re~ duced before such justices at such petty feffions, it shall be ie 10n* lawful for such juftices, on due conftderation thereof, and on Juftices order due examination of the person or persons fo rejected, to give to be order therein, as in their diferetion shall feeei expedient, which orders shall be final and conclulive to all parties; and in cafe If they re-fuch justices fnall fee cause to refeind the determination of such kind the deregulating officer or officers, and shall cause to be delivered to cermmdtlon 0 0  fuch

 CjOO^Ic

i6

the officer, and cause to be delivered to him a certificate, he shall cause the volunteer to be inrolled.

Officer to enter the names, &c. of persons inrolled in a book,and to transmit du* plicates to the iecretary to the admiralty.

Places for which volunteers are in-rolled, to be discharged in respect of them, unless they appear to bedifqualified before being entered.

Parifh officers to make returns of volunteers in-rolled to the petty fdlions.

Juftices to cause returns to be delivered to the clerk of the peace, to be inrolled at the fefiions.

If returns of the whole number to be railed by any place be not inade to the petty sessions in a limited time, the ju dices m?y

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgxi IIL C. 5, [1795.

fuch regulating officer or officers such certificate as is hereinbefore diredled, then such regulating officer or officers (hall forthwith cause such person or perfons, fo raised and approved of, to be inrolled in his Majesty’s service as a volunteer or volunteers; and the said officer or officers (hall cause an entry to be made, in some book to be kept by him or them, of the names of volunteers or persons inrolled by virtue of this aft, and of the parishes or places of their last abode or lawful let-dement, if they can be known, and of their ages and defcrip-tions, and sums paid on their account, and to whom the fame shall be paid, and (hall cause true copies or duplicates of such entries to be transmitted to the Iecretary of the admiralty for the time being, and which shall be made in the form herein-after mentioned; and the parifh, tything, or place, parifhes, tythings, or places, for which such volunteer or volunteers shall be fo in-rolled to ferve, shall be discharged in respect to such volunteer or volunteers fo inrolled, unless such volunteer or volunteers shall afterwards, and before he or they shall be entered in any of his Majesty’s (hips or vessels of war as feamen, respectively appear to be within any of the disqualifications in this aft expressly mentioned, and shall be, by reason of such disqualification, discharged from such fervice, or otherwise taken out of the fame, then and in every such cafe the parifh, tything, or place, parifhes, tythings, or places, shall be liable to provide other fit and able men in lieu of those who shall fo appear to be difqualified, to be raised in the manner directed by this aft.

XVII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That as soon as any person or persons shall be inrolled as such volunteer or volunteers as aforesaid, for any place or places, the churchwardens or overseers of or acting for such place or places shall make a return thereof to the justices of the diftrift, at their petty fefiions to be holden next after such inrolment, specifying the name, the place of the birth or lawful fettlement, the age, and the calling of every such perfon, if the fame can be known, together with the amount of the sum or sums of money agreed to be paid by way of bounty to every such volunteer, which shall be verified on oath, (if required), and which oath such justices are hereby authorised to adminifter; and every such return fo made, the said justices shall cause to be delivered to the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or divifion, to be inrolled at the sessions there, at the next general or quarter sessions to be holden for such county, riding, or divifion: and in cafe returns of the whole number of men appointed to be raised by and for any place or places shall not be made to the justices of the district at such petty feffions, within the space of three weeks next after the service of notice of the order of general sessions for raising such number of men, it (hall and may be lawful for the justices of such petty sessions to lummon before them the churchwardens or overseers of or acting for such place or places making fuch, default; and in cafe it shall not be made to appear by such churchwardens or overfeers, to the satisfaction of such juftices,

that

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo quinto GeorgxI III. c. 5.  17

that such default hath not happened by reason of any wilful neg- fummcn the

led of, or disobedience to, the said order of feftions, and that the

fame hath been unavoidable, it (hall be lawful for such juftices, tkem for

and they are hereby required, to fine the said churchwardens or negledt.

overfeers in a sum which shall be ten pounds over and above

the amount of such sum as (ball appear (as far as the fame can

be afcertained) to have been gi^en on an average as a bounty to-

men inrolled by virtue of this ad within the said diftridt, or in

cafe no men shall be raised -within the said difirid, then in the

neareft d^ftrid for which men shall then have been raifed, for

each man appointed to be raised by or for such place or places,

and whereof such default shall have been made as aforesaid ; and If fines be not

in cafe the fame shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful forthwith

for the said justices to levy the fame by warrant under their ^ ’be levied

hands and feals, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of on the parish ■

fuch churchwardens or overfeers, returning the overplus (if any) officers goods,

to the owner or owners thereof, in cafe such justices shall ad- or raised by a.

judge the default to have been wilfully made by the said church- [^babitants

wardens or overfeers; or to cause the fame to be raised by a like

rate as aforesaid upon any inhabitant or inhabitants of such place

or places in cafe such inhabitant or inhabitants shall be adjudged

to have wilfully made such default, such inhabitant or inhabitants

being previoufiy summoned by such justices to shew cause why

fuch rate should not be made ; but in cafe such justices shall in If juftices

their judgement deem such default unavoidable, and such church-  the

&  r  n  r  .  - r - r 1 fault unavoid-

wardens or overseers lhall require further time for railing the tb€y

number of men . appointed to be raised by them for his Majesty's may allow fur-fervice, it shall be lawful for such juftices, by their order under ther time; their hands, to allow such further time as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding the space of fourteen days from the date of such order ; and every such order shall be peremptorily complied with, under pain of forfeiting such sum of money as is before mentioned for each man of whom default shall be made, to be * levied, as herein-before is diredled, on such churchwardens or overfeers, in cafe the justices shall adjudge the default to have been wilfully made by such churchwardens or overfeers, or other-wife to be levied on the inhabitants of such place.

XVIIL Provided always, and be it further enadled, That in and in such

every cafe where justices shall allow further time for raiding the cafe (hall PJ*o~ j  *  ^  ^  w ^ cccd ss Dctord

number of men appointed to be raised for his Majesty’s fervice, directed in

fuch justices shall proceed as herein-before directed, in hearing hearing ap-

and determining the appeals of such parifhes, tythings, or places, peals.

to which such further time shall be allowed.

XIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That all and every sum and sums of money agreed to be given Bounty mess a bounty or bounties, or be paid thereout to any man or men ney and fines’ raised in pursuance of this a£X, (except such sums as shall have the^co^m^0 been directed by the justices of the peace to be advanced to any treafurer/ man at the time of his inrolment, in his Majesty’s fervice, by virtue of this adl), and also all fines levied upon the churchwardens or overseers by distress and sale as aforefaid-, or upon - Vol. XL. „  C  such

Treafurer to place monies to certain accounts.

18  Anno regni trlcefinno quinto Georgit III. c. 5. [1795-

fuch inhabitants b-y a rate, for their default in not raising the number of men appointed to be raised by virtue of this a£f, (hall be forthwith paid into the hands of the treasurer of the county, riding, or divifion, for the uses and purposes of this a£f; and such refpedftive treasurers (hall place the amount of the fines to the account of the refpe£tive parifhes, tythings, or places, paying the fame, and the amount of the sums paid of the bounties to the account of the In cafe of de- volunteer or volunteers for whose use the fame was collected ; and fault aafore- tjiat a}[ cafes vvhere such default as aforesaid shall be made, it authorised  he  f°r any person or perfons, having authority under

his Majesty bis Pvlajefty to provide men for the service of the navy, to produce may produce any persons as fubftitutes, or for any such persons voluntarily to °r come before any two or more justices of the peace of the district where the parifhes, tythings, or places making such default shall be fituate, and be examined before such justices as to their con-fent tofervein his Majesty’s navy, as substitutes for such parifhes, tythings, or places refpe&ively, and who fhall, and they are here-boundesTo^e authorised and required to fettle the bounty or bounties to be paid for such substitutes refpedtively; and such justices fhall, in cafe any such persons shall be approved of by the regulating officer or officers as aforesaid, certify such consent and approbation, .together with the names, places of birth, or lawful fettlement, ages, and callings of such persons refpe£fively, and the bounties agreed to be paid, in the manner herein-before directed with refpe£t to volunteers; and such justices who are hereby respectively ies of certifi re<Iu*rec^ to grant certificates on the inrolment of any person or catL°tc^the * persons as a volunteer or volunteers, or substitute or fubftitutes, clerk of the by virtue of this a<ft, shall tranimit a copy of every such certifi-peace, to be cate under their hands to the clerk of the peace for the county, ef^on^**” ^  or  divifion, to be inrolled at the sessions there, at the next

general or quarter sessions to be held for such county, riding, or Regulating division ; and thereupon such regulating officer shall cause such per-t^^bftitutes ^ons t0 respectively inrolled as such substitutes as aforesaid, and to be inrolled **ucb parifhes, tythings, or places refpe&ively, for which such which shall  substitutes shall  be raifed, shall be discharged  in  like manner as

difcharge the  aforesaid, uiftefs  such substitutes shall appear  to  be disqualified,

refpe^live and reason thereof be taken out of his Majesty’s service in the *  . *  ‘  manner before mentioned ; and the said justices shall thereupon

der Treafurer” ma^e an order upon such treasurer as aforesaid, to transfer in his to transfer account, unto the use of such persons respectively fo inrolled as bounties to  fubftitutes, such  sums of money, not exceeding  the amount of

the use of fub-  the fines levied  for such default as aforesaid,  as  shall have been

may order re- agree<^ t0 he paid as bounties to such persons refpedlively; and wards to per- the said justices Shall and may, at any time after such substitutes Tons providing shall be refpedfively entered on board any such ifhip of war, alfo

volunteers may offer themselves as such to two juftices, who shall fettle the

paid; and certify the consent of fubftitutes.

Juftices to transmit co-

them.

Relidue of fines to be applied by the

order such further sum of money out of the residue of such fines (if any) to be paid to any person or persons duly authorised to provide men for the navy, who shall appear to such justice to have used diligence in providing any such fubftitutes, as a reward for the labour, or in payment of lawful charges to be incurred by bringing such substitute to be inrolled; and the residue (if any) *  that

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto GfiORGil III. c. 3.'  19

that (hall remain of such fines in the hands of such treafurer, after quarter fef-payment of such sums as aforesaid, or for want of sufficient fub^ ilitutes being provided, shall be in the disposal of the justices at t^e naVy; and the general or quarter sessions of the peace, and shall be by them if any remain applied in providing men for the augmentation of his Majesty’s in the treafur-navy, in such manner as in their discretion fball seem expedient; theMidfum* and the said justices fhall, in cafe any part thereof shall remain in mer fe/r10ns~ the hands of such treasurer at the Midfummer sessions in the pre- 1795, an ac« sent year, cause to be transmitted an account thereof to the com- count to be miffioners of his Majesty’s treafury.  transmitted to

XX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, e rea ur^# That every such certificate fo granted, of a full and true copy Certificates, thereof, signed by such regulating officer or officers, shall in all or copies, to cafes where any such person inrolled by virtue of this a6f, shall be placed under the command of any other officer or officers, either p^ns in^0llecl onfhore, or on board any ship or vefijel, be transmitted along with and delivered such person fo inrolled, and delivered to the commanding officer to the com-of the ship or vessel on board which such person shall be entered to serve ; and such commanding officer fhall, within four days pejs -m which" from the time of such person being mustered and rated on board they shall be such fhip, and before such ship or vessel of war shall proceed to entered, who fea, make out a ticket or tickets for the payment of the bounty shall make out money agreed to be paid to such person on his engaging to ferve, Sent ofboun-and then remaining due, and which shall be expressed in the cer- ty money due, tificate granted on that behalf, or in such copy thereof as aforesaid, as for arrears in such manner as if such bounty money had become due to such ^idi^ma be person on account of arrears of wages as a seaman on board such Disagreeably ship or veffel; and such bounty money shall and may be paid to to n Geo. 2* such perfon, or to such perfon’s family, and in such proportions, as c. 30, &c. such person shall requeft, in the manner directed by an adf, made in the thirty-firft year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled. An a5i for the encouragement of seamen employed in the royal navy; and for ejlablijhing a regular method for the pun£lual> frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the fame for the support of their wives and families; and for preventing frauds and abuses attending such payments, or by any other a<5t relating to the payment of such wages : provided always, That where fuch- person shall desire any How lifts and portion of the said bounty money then remaining due to be paid bills shall be to his family, the lift required to be made out in such cafe by the ma(?e out by

j *  x  j  contains

captain or commander of such ship or veffel, shall be made out in where perfons

the manner required by the said a£t of the thirty-Arft year of his desire to have

late Majesty aforesaid, except that in such lift the treasurer of the part of their

county, riding, or divifion, who shall have received such bounty ^Qtheu fami

money for the use of such person fo entered in the service of his eir ami*

Majefty, shall be fpecified, instead of the receiver general of the

land tax, the collector of the customs or excife, or clerk of the

cheque, or other officer, directed by the said a£t to pay any part

of the arrears of wages due to seamen in the navy ; and that the

bills to be made out thereupon shall be made out by such captain

and commander, and directed to such treafurer, and not to such

c 2

receiver



Dounty.

penalty on them for ne-gletft of duty.

'20  Anno regni tricesimo quinjo Georgii III. c. 5. [1795*

Rules for pay-receiver general, colleftor, clerk, or other officer; and that all to^he for ru^esi forms, directions, and methods, used for the payment payment of °f wages due to feamen, or payable to their families, in pursuance of the said aft of the .thirty-firft year aforesaid, or by any such other aft of parliament, (except as aforefaid), shall be used in like manner for the payment of such bounty money to all and every the men who shall be entered into his Majesty’s service in purfu-1 ance of ths aft, or to their respective families, and in as full and ample a manner, as if the said afts, and every clause therein contained, had been extended and applied particularly by this aft to such cafes.

XXL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Juftices may That it (hall be lawful for the justices of the peace, assembled ei-attendance of ^er at t^le general or quarter feffions, or for the justices at their constables and Petty sessions within their respective jurifdiftions, or any two or pariffi officers: more of them refpeftively, irom time to time to issue their order or warrant, under their hands and feals, requiring the attendance of the high conftable, conftable, tything man, headborough, churchwardens, or overseers of the poor, of or acting for any pa-rifh, tything, or place, parifhes, tythings, or places, at such time and place as in such order or warrant (hall be expressed ; and if any such officer shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such order or warrant, or shall refuse or neglect to make such return of all such matters and things directed to be done by them refpec-tively in pursuance of this aft, as shall be required of them by the said justices refpeftively, or to comply with such orders and di-reftions as he or they respectively shall from time to time receive from the said juftices, or any two or more of them refpeftively, in pursuance of this aft, or fhall, in making such return, be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality, or gross neglect in his or their duty, the laid juftices, or any two or more of them refpeftively, are hereby empowered and required at their discretion to fine such person or perlons in any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds; or in cafe of any fraud, wilful partiality,, or gross neglect as aforesaid, to commit the person fo offending to the common gaol, there to be kept, without bail or mainprize, for the space of one calendar month.

XXII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Clerk of the That the clerk of the peace of every county, riding, or divifion, peace, within fhall, and he is hereby required, within fourteen days next after the^Midfutn- Senera^ quarter sessions of the peace to be held next after the mer sessions day °f Midfummer in the present year, to tranfmit-to the com-1795, totranf* miflioners of the' admiralty a copy, signed by such clerk of the mit to the ad- peace, of every return and certificate of men raised to serve in the navy by virtue of this aft; and where such return or certificate ’ C* shall be omitted to be made, such clerk of the peace shall certify such omission in like manner, and also what proceedings shall have been had at any quarter sessions in relation to the raising fub-flitu&s, where the due proportion of men (hall not have been raised by the respective parifhes, tythings, and places, charged On penalty of therewith; and if any such clerk of the peace shall refuse or wil-

S°0l  fully

1*795'J Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.  21

fully neglect to receive, deliver, make, record, or tranfmit, any such returns or extracts as aforesaid, according to the directions and true meaning of thisaCt, every such clerk of the peace fo offending fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds.

XXIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That no person (hall be received or inrolled in Difqualified his Majesty’s fervice, by virtue of this aCt, who is not, in the

opinion of the regulating officer or officers, such an able-bodied  y

man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from ruptures, and

every other diftemper, or bodily weakness or infirmity, which may-

render him unfit to perform his duty in the navy; or who, in the

opinion of such officer or officers, shall appear to be under the age

of sixteen years, or above the age of forty-five.years ; nor any

perfon being an articled clerk or apprentice, nor persons ferving

under articles in the coal trade, until the expiration of the laid

articles, (unlefs with the consent of the mailer of such clerk or

apprentice, or of the mailer of such other persons as aforefaid) ;

nor any person erdifted in any of his Adajefty’s forces, whether

military or marine, or who has deserted therefrom, or who is

already entered in his Majesty’s navy; nor any poor man (not

being a fea-faring man) who has more than two children born

in wedlock: provided, That no person inrolled by virtue of this but no such

acft fhall, by reason of any such disqualification as aforesaid, be  V?",

liable to be discharged from his Majesty’s fervice, or taken out of difcharged, &

the fame, unless notice in writing of such disqualification shall be unless notice

given to the officer or officers under whose command such person of hisdifqua-

fhall be, before the time of his entering on board any of hisMajefty’s

Clips of war as a Tailor, and before the bounty, hereby authorised officer before

to be paid to men raffed by virtue of this a£r, shall have been paid his entering on

or satisfied to him; anything before contained to the contrary board, or re-

notwithftanding.  ceiving his

XXIV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, nperm^for

That every person inrolled by virtue of this a eft, shall be liable to  pe^fons

ferve in the navy of Great Britain during the continuance of the inrolled iliali present war, and for the space of three calendar months after the be liable to end of the war^ if the ship on board which such persons shall serve ferve.

fhall~be in any of the ports of Great Britain, or otherwise for the space of three calendar months next after the arrival of such ship in any such port.

XXV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any perfon, being inrolled in his Majesty’s naval fer- Penaltyfordevice, by virtue of this a£t, shall desert such fervice, or, being in^he^ihtary actually entered in such fervice, fnall lift himself in any com- or marine for-pany, troop, or regiment in his Majesty’s military or marine ces, linking or forces, without first having a discharge in writing from'the said disobeying an

*  O  ^ ^  O  ntnf'PT* v p

commiffioners of the admiralty, or such officer or officers as shall ? be duly authorised by them for that purpoie, or shall strike or use any violence against any officer or officers under whofe, command he shall be put, (fuch officer or officers being in the execution of his or their duty), or shall disobey any lawful command of such officer or officers, all and every person or persons fo offending on

c 3  fhore

%%  Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795."

£hore in any such part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as by a court martial shall be in-flic5ted ; and such person or perfons, being apprehended or in custody for such offence, shall and may be conveyed on board any of his Majesty’s ships of war in commiftion, at any of the ports of this kingdom, and there detained and tried for such offence, in such manner and by such court, as if such offence had been committed on board, or from onboard such Chip of war.

Con Rabies,  XXVI. And it is hereby further enafted, That it shall and may be

&c. may cause lawful to and for the conftable, headborough, or tything man of fertm to be' town or P^ace where any person inrolled by virtue of this a61, apprehended, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a deferter, shall be and if Tnagif- found, to apprehend or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause trates find such person to be brought before any juftiee of the peace living in

bee^inroHed2 Qr near town or P^ace’ w^° ^erehy empowered and re-thtv Hi all quired to examine such perfon; and if by his confeilion, or the commit them, testimony of one or more witness or witnesses upon oath, or by and transmit the knowledge of such juftiee of the peace, it shall appear or be

the^dmiralt10 ^oun^ t^iat Per^on IS a Per^on duly inrolled in his Majesty’s fer-1 1 vice by virtue of this a6t, such juftiee of the peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where he shall be found, or to the house of correction, or other publick prifon, in such town or place where such deserter shall be apprehended, or to The Savoy, in cafe such deserter shall be apprehended within the cities of London or Wejlminfler, or-places adjacent, and jtranfmit an account thereof to the secretary of the admiralty for the time being, to the end such person may be proceeded against Gaolers to re- according to law 5 and the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, or prifon, shall receive the full subsistence of such deserter during the time he shall continue in his cuftody, for the maintenance of such deferter, but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of the imprisonment of any such deferter; any Jaw, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVII.  Andy for the better encouragement of any person or persons to secure and apprehend such deferter, be it further en-

Juftices to or- a6ted by the authority aforefaid. That such juftiee of the peace 2°s* °ut shall also issue his warrant in writing to the colletftor or collectors money ^\o the*  t^le tax money of the parish or townftiip where such defer-

ter shall be apprehended, for paying, out of the land tax money arisen or to arise in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, into the hands of such person or persons who shall apprehend or cause to be apprehended any such deserter from his Majesty’s fervice, the sum of twenty shillings for every such de-ierter that shall be fo apprehended and committed; which sum of twenty shillings shall be satisfied by such colledlor or collectors to whom such warrant shall be diredted, and allowed upon his or their account.

XXVIII.  And be it further enacted, That if any person shall harbour, conceal, or aftift, any deserter from his Majesty’s said naval fervice, knowing him to be such, every such person fo offend-ing shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds ;

and

apprehender of a deferter.

Penalty for concealing Utlerters.

celve subsistence of defer * t'-rs, but no fee.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.  23

and upon conviction by the oath of one or more credible witness

or witnesses before any one or more of his Majesty’s justices of

the peace, the said penalties shall be levied, by warrant under the

hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distress and

fale of the goods and chattels of the offender, one moiety of the

faid penalty to be paid to the informer by whose means such defer- Application of

ter shall be apprehended, and the residue of the said respective penalty.

penalties to be paid to the officer to whom any such deserter did

or doth belong, to be credited by him in his accounts; and in Offenders riot

cafe any such offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid ofhar- ent diftrefs^r

bouring or assisting any such deserter or deferters, contrary to the not paying'

intent of this adt, shall not have sufficient goods and chattels penalty, may

whereon distress may be made to the value of the penalties reco- f^r ^hree^^

vered against him for such offence, or shall not pay such penalties m0nth8.

within four days after such convidtion, then and in such cafe fuch

juftice or justices shall and may, by \yarrant under his or their

hand and feal, or hands and feals, commit such offender to the

common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the

fpace of three months.

XXIX.  And whereas there may he occajlon for the quartering of the men inrolled by virtue of this aff, in fever al parts of this kingdom; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and Men inrolled may be lawful to quarter and billet the men inrolled in his Ma- ted^as^th^ma" jelly's fervice, by virtue of this adt, while on fhore, (except in the r;neSt city and county of the city of London aforefaid), in such manner, and at such times and places refpedtively, and under such and the like powers, rules, regulations, reftridtions, and provifions, as his Majesty’s marine forces may be quartered and billetted, by an adt passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An aff for the regulation of bis Majefly’s marine forces while on floor e, or by any other adt then in force for the regulation of his Majesty’s said marine forces.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall falsely make oath to any of the matters herein-before required to be verified, such person or persons shall suffer the like pains and penalties as are incurred by persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury ; and that if any person or persons shall counterfeit, erafe, alter, or falsify any certificate or return required or directed to be given or made by this adt, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any certificate or return fo counterfeited, erafed, altered, or falfified, such person or persons shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five huru

Penalty for making false oath, or coun -terfeiting certificates of re* turns, &c.

dred pounds.

XXXI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person inrolled in his Majesty’s Perfons accuf* service by virtue of this adt shall be accused of any capital crime, e^T?^^eeI1^es or of any violence or offence againfl: the perfon, eftate, or pro-  be

perty, ofiany of his Majesty’s fubjedts, which is punishable by the delivered over known laws of the land, the officer or officers having the com- to the civil mand of such party is and are hereby required to use his and their niagiftrate, utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused person to the civil

e 4  magi  ft  rate,

24 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. G. 5. [1795.

magiftrate, and-fhall also be aiding and assisting to the officers of

juftice in seizing and apprehending such offender/in order to

Penaly on of- bring him to trial; and if any. such officer shall wilfully negledl

ficers not ddi-or refufe, upon application made to him for that purpose, to vcrins* over  t  7  1  * 1  1  *  ^

fuch offenders ^e^ver over such accused person to the-civil magiftrate, or to be

aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in the apprehending such offender, every such officer fo offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace for the county, riding, or divifion, where the fa£f is committed, by the oath of two credible witneftes, shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty’s fervice, provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the com-miffioners of the admiralty for the time being.

XXXII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. No person in- That no person who shall be inrolled in his Majesty’s service by taken out of ^ v^rtue this a& ihall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty’s the service but service by any process whatever, other than by some criminal pro-f©r a criminal cefs, for some criminal matter punishable by the known laws of matter.  the  land.

XXXIII. And be it further enaCfed by the authority aforesaid, Inrolments, That the several forms of inrolment and of the returns which ffia^b^nwde the justices °f the peace, and other officers before-mentioned, in'the foilow- are required to cauie to be made and returned of the number of ingform. men levied for his Majesty’s fervice, together with the other particulars herein-before dire&ed, shall be made as follows ; videlicet.,

Names of men inrolled

<1

o_

B

n

o

CO

CO  Parifhes  Parifhes  >  Defcrip-  Sums  To  Days oh

er  pv  for which they ferve.  they belong to.  on  n>  CO  tions of  their  perfons.  paid..  whom  paid.  which they were inrolled, and at

hT              what pla-

cn              ces.

Juftices may 'XXXIV. And be it further enaCIed, That if any fervent fettle disputes whate ver, hired by the year or other wife, shall be inrolled, and terrand tfired anydifpute (hall arise between his master or miffrefs, employer fervants'in- or employers, and such fervant, touching any sum or sums rolled,refpedt- of money due to such servant for or on account of his fervice. ing wages, &c.  performed

. ■ 

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.  25

performed before the time of such inrolment, or to such time as he (hall be obliged to quit the service of his said mailer or miftrefs, employer or employers, it shall and may be lawful, on complaint made thereof to any justice of the peace for the county, riding, city, liberty, town corporate, or place where such matter or mif-trefs, employer or employers, (hall inhabit, for such justice to bear and determine every such complaint, and to examine upon oath every such servant or any other witness or witnefies, touching the fame, and to make such order for the payment of fo much wages to such fervant, in proportion to the service he has performed, as to such justice (hall seem just and reasonable ; and in cafe of refusal or nonpayment of any sums fo ordered, by the (pace of seven days next after such determination, such justice shall and may ifiue forth his and their warrant to levy the fame by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such matter or miftrels, employer or employers, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners, after payment of the charges of such distress and fale.

, XXXV. Provided alfo, and be it further 'enabled by the au* tnority aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, This adt not (hall not be deemed or confirmed to be a precedent on any future to be a Pr.ec<:~ occalion to diminifti or be prejudicial to the rights, liberties, nqhjn^themi~ cuftoms, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, to which the rights°of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the city of London, or city of Loathe freemen, citizens, or inhabitants of the said city, are entitled ^on* to enjoy by prefeription, a£f of parliament, charter, ulage, or otherwise howfoever.

XXXVI And be it further enadted, That all fines, penalties, How fines and forfeitures by this a£i impofed, which shall exceed the sum may be reco-of twenty pounds, (except the fines to be levied for not raising  3Tj^

the proportion of men as herein-before is directed), shall be reco- 1 °  ™

vered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wcjiminjier, or the courts of great fettion in the principality of Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine of Gbejler, Lancafter, and Durham, (as the cafe shall • require), wherein no eftbin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed ; and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this adt impofed, which (hall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, ftiall, upon proof upon oath of the offence before any two or more justices of the peace of the county, riding, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the'hands and seals of such juftices, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after dedudting the charges of such distress and fale, to the person whole goods and chattels (hall have been fo distrained and fold ; and for want of futticient distress such justices are hereby required, in all cafes where no particular time of commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such offender to the common goal of the county, riding, or place, where the offence (hall have been committed, for any time not "exceeding three months \ and the money arising by all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, the application whereof is not other-

wile

ze

No order to be removed by Certiorari, nor any writ to fu-percede execution.

Clerks of the peace, treasurers, clerks of petty 1'efii-ons, confta-bles, &c. to receive such rewards as the justices shall judge proper, who ihall di-red! payment.

If treasurer shall not have Sufficient of the county rates to pay such reward, the justices may make a rate.

If a place united with any county is not liable to pay county rates, the jultices shall ascertain the proportion which it ought to pay.

Limitation of attion6.

Anno regni tricesimo quintoGEORGii III. c. 5. [1795.

wife particularly directed by this a£t, shall be paid, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of fuit, to him or them that will inform or sue for the fame,

XXXVIL And be it further enabled, That no order or con-vidftion made by any justice or justices of the peace by virtue of this a£t shall be removed by Certiorari into any court whatfoever; and that no writ of Certiorari shall supersede execution, or other proceedings upon any such order or conviction fo made in purfu-ance of this add, but that execution and other proceedings shall be had and made thereupon; any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithftanding.

XXXVIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority afore-faid, That the respective clerks of the peace, treafurers, clerks of justices at petty feftions, constables and other officers, who are hereby refpeddively required to execute this a£d in any of the particulars herein mentioned, and who shall respectively execute the fame to the satisfaction of the justices of the peace at their refpec-tive quarter sessions assembled within the said counties, ridings, divifions, cities, towns, cinque ports, liberties, and places herein mentioned, shall have and receive such rewards, and no other, (except such rewards as shall be directed to be paid to anyperfon for his pains or charges in railing substitutes as hereinbefore di-redted), for their care and trouble in and about the executing of this adl, and for their respective expences and charges in the fame, as the said justices shall judge the said officers to have de-ferved, and the said justices fhall, after allowance thereof, direct the fame to be paid by the treasurer or other officer of such county, riding, or divifion, out of any money in his hands of the county rates; and if such treasurer or officer shall not have sufficient money in his hands of the county rates to pay the fame, then such justices fhall, and are hereby authorised and required to make a rate for the payment of the fame, in such manner and form as they are authorised by law to make rates for the repair of gaols or county bridges, or any other purposes for which the rate commonly called The county rate is or may by law be applicable.

XXXIX.  Provided always, and be it further enadled, That if any diftridl, town, liberty, or place, which is hereby united with any county for the purposes of this adl, is not liable to such county rate, then the said justices hereby appointed for the carrying into execution the purposes of this adl, fhall, and they are hereby authorised and required jointly to ascertain the proportions of such rate which ought to be defrayed by such diftridt, town, liberty, or place, according to the number of inhabited houses paying taxes within the fame, and the amount fo ascertained shall be levied within such diftridl, town, liberty, or place, by the justices thereof, by a rate in the fame manner as ahy justices might in a county levy money for county purposes.

XL. And be it further enabled, That if any action shall be brought against any person orperfons, for any thing done in pursuance of this a dt, such action or fuit shall be commenced within

fix

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.'  27

fix months next after the faft committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arife, and not elsewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or fuit may plead the general iflue, and give General iflue. this aft and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or fuit, pr if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonfuited, or discontinue his or their action or fuit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble cods, and have the Treble cofts. like remedy for the fame as any defendant hath in other cafes to recover costs by law.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That this aft may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any aft or acts to be ^peafed this made in this present session of parliament.  feffion.

XJLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That the forms of the proceedings relative to the several matters Forms in an-contained in this aft, which are fet forth and expressed in the nexed fche-fchedule hereunto annexed, may be used on all occafions, with ma^ such additions and variations only, as may be neceftary to adapt them to the particular exigencies of the cafe ; and that no objec- Noobjeftion tion shall be made, or advantage taken, for want of form in any to be made for such proceedings by any person or persons whatever.  want of form*

THE SCHEDULE

To which this aft refers.

No. 1.

FORM of appointment of general fejfms.

To the justices of the peace for the county (riding, or divifion) of

WHEREAS it is enafted, by an aft, intituled, [here fet forth the title of the att\ and passed on the  day  of

that the justices of the peace aftiag in and for the county of

{or riding, or divilion, as the cafe may be), fhall, within a time not exceeding twenty-one days after the palling of that aft, aftemble together at some convenient place in the said county of  {or riding, or divifion), where the

general quarter sessions of the peace have heretofore or usually been held, and there hold a court of general felftons for the pur-pofe of carrying effectually into execution the powers given to

them

Anno regm tricesimo quinto Georgii IIL c. 5. [1795.

them by the said aft, in pursuance of notice to be given by the clerk of the peace, with the consent of two justices of the peace, in any nevvfpaper usually circulated in the said county of five days at the lead: before the day appointed for holding such court: notice is hereby given that I  clerk of

the peace for the cgunty (riding, or divifion) of by virtue of the.powers and in pursuance of the direction contained in that aft, have appointed, and do hereby appoint, with the ailent of A. B. and CD. two of the justices of the peace of the said county, (riding, or divifion), a general feffions, to be holden the  day  of  next  enfuing,

at the  of  in the said county, (riding or divifion), at the  hall  there  fituate, at the hour

of  in  the forenoon of the fame day, for the purpose of

carrying the said aft into execution, and that I have in pursuance thereof directed this notice to be published in the newspapers called The  usually  circulated  in  this,  county,

(riding, or divifion), on the  day  of

next enfuing, being  days  before  the  said  time of

meeting.

j P 5 Clerk of the peace for the county

A' ' X of

No. 2.

FORM of appointment of number of men to be raised in the several dif riffs.

To be annexed to the order to high conftable.

AT the general fefiions of the peace, held by virtue of an aft, intituled, [Here fet forth the title of the aff\ on the day of  at

we, the justices of the peace, in and for the county of aftembled at the above sessions of the peace, do hereby appoint the number of men to serve for the hundred of (or city, town, rape, lath, wapentake, or diftrift), and also for each parifh, tything, or place, separately supporting its own poor, or extra-parochial place within the said hundred, (or city, town, rape, lath, wapentake, or diftrift), within the county of as follows ; videlicet,

Name of hundred, (or city, town, rape, lath, wapentake, or diftrift.)  Names of Parifhes,'(or ty-things or places.)    Number of men for each parifh, (tything or place.)

Hundred of  (or city, town, rape, lath, wapentake, or diftrift, as the caje may be.)  Parifh of or place) Parifh of  (tything  00 , .

  Parifh of A. Parifh of B. (  | being added together by  1 0 0

  TythingofB. (     * virtue of the | said aft.  0 0

And

*795‘1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.

And who are respectively to be raised on or before the day of  now  next  enfuing.  Dated  this

day of  *

No. 2,-

FORM  of orders of  the general  feffto the chief , £sV.

To A. B. chief constable of

| To A. B. and C. D. constables of  (or

M-—— < whatever their defer iption may be),

or

To A. B.  constables of the parishes  of

(where more than one are united).

WE, A, B. C. D. &c. justices of the peace, in and for the said county, afTembled at a general feffions, held by virtue of, and for the purpose of carrying into execution, an act, intituled, [Here fet forth the title of the aft], do hereby require you to gfve notice to the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of the parish of  [or  ty  thing  of  or name of place,  as

it may be], of the number of men appointed by us to be levied for the several parifhes, tythings, or places, within your diftridf, and of the time ofraifing the fame, according to the lift hereunto annexed ; and you are hereby required to make a return to the justices of the peace in and for your diftrieft, at the first petty sessions to be holden for the said district by virtue of the said a<ft, on the  day  of  next  following,  be-

ing the day appointed for making returns of all matters and things done by you, according to the directions therein contained. Signed for and by order of the said juftices, and according to the directions of the said a<ft.

A B X ®erk t^le Peace f°r the

j said county.

No. 4.

FORM of the notice tochurchvaarclens.

M-

To the churchwardens or overseers of the parish of or

of the several parifhes, tythings, or places of in the said county, and to each and every of them.

NOTICE is hereby given to you, that thejuftices of the peace in and for the said county, at a general sessions afTembled under and by virtue of an a£t, intituled, [Here fet forth the title of the aft], by their order, bearing date the  day of  have

appointed one man, (or men), to be levied and raised for the parish of  (or if two or more parifoes, tythings, or places are added

together, name the parijhes, tythings, or places) and you are hereby required, immediately after receiving this notice, to call to-

u  gether

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795.'

gether the principal inhabitants of the said  at  a  veftry

to beheld within the said  (if  mere  parifhes, &c. than

one, here insert the parijh, &c, firjl named in the order of appoint-ment), to take into consideration the most speedy and effectual means of raising the said man {or men) appointed to be raised for the said  in  purftiance  of  the  said  aft,  of  which

meeting you are to give two days publick notice in writing, by affixing the fame on the church or chapel door of your parish or place (or, if more than one) church or chapel doors of your re-fpeftive pariffies or places, or if there is no church or chapel in your parifh, (or place), then on the nearest church or chapel door, according to the form annexed: and you are hereby required to take notice, that such man (or men) is (or are) to be raised on or before the  day  of  next

enfuing, being twenty-one days after the date of the said order ; and that as soon as you have agreed with any person to ferve, you are to produce every such person before the officer appointed to regulate the admission of men into the naval service for your pariffi, and if he shall approve of him, you ^re then to cause him to be brought before two or more justices of the peace of your did rift, to be examined ; and in cafe the regulating officer shall reject any person raised by you, and you shall think yourself aggrieved thereby, you are to give to him immediate notice of your intention to appeal to the justices at the next petty sessions to be held in your district ; and you are to make a return of all matters and things done by you and the inhabitants aforesaid, or any of you or them, in pursuance of the said aft, and according to the directions herein contained, to the justices of the peace acting in and for the district of  at  a  petty  sessions  to be

holden at  on the  day  of  next

enfuing. Dated this  day  of  in  the  year  of our

Lord

A,  B. chief constable of

No. 5.

FORM of 7iotice to the principal inhabitants of any parish or place, or parijhes or places united together.

To the principal inhabitants of

NOTICE is hereby given, that you are required to meet on next enfuing, at a vestry (or meeting) at to take into consideration the most speedy and effectual means of raising one man (or men) appointed at a general sessions of the peace holden on the  to

be raised by you for the service of the navy, in pursuance of an aft, intituled, [Here fet forth the title of the  and  fo  that such

man (or men) be raifed, approved of, and inrolled in his Majesty’s

fervice,

1795 ] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.

fervice, on or before the  day of  now

next enfuing, being the time appointed for railing such man (or men).

A. B. 7 Churchwarden.

C. D. $ Overfeer.

No. 6.

FORM of order for fixing the time of appeals.

To the churchwardens and overseers of the several parifhes, tythings, and places, within the of  in the county (riding, or divifion)

of  and  to  each and every of them.

M—— 1 AT the first petty sessions held by virtue of an aft, j intituled, [Here fit forth the title of the att\ for the purpose of receiving the returns of the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parifhes, tythings, and places refpeftively, within this hundred, (or rape, lath, or wapentake, as the cafe may be), touching the execution of the orders given them under the above aft, it is ordered by the justices of the peace, acting in and for the said diftrift, attending the said petty feffions, that all appeals of parifhes, tythings, or places, within the said diftrift, charged to raise men, under the above aft, against the proceedings of regulating officers appointed under that aft, who shall rejeft: any man or men raised by the said respective parifhes, tythings, or places, whereby such churchwardens or overseers shall be aggrieved, shall and may be heard and determined on the day of  next enfuing, and on  following,

until such appeals shall be determined at  before such

juftices as shall then and there meet to hear and determine such appeals. Given under our hands and feals, the day of  in  the  year  of  our  Lord

No. 7.

FORM of order of justices upon a difference or disagreement between two parijhes or places.

M——  7 WHEREAS complaint hath been made to us A’ B.

Diftritf: of J q £), justices 0f peace, in and for the said county of M. acting in and for this diftrift, and assembled at a petty sessions this  day of  in  the year of our Lord

that (here fet out the complaint) , we do hereby order that (here fet out the order), and that this order shall be final and conclusive upon, all parties.

Given under our hands and feals, this  day of

in the year of our Lord

No. 8,

Anno regni tricesimo quinto GeorGII III. c. 5. [1795.

No- 8.

FORM of the justices certificate.

M------7 WE A. B. and C. D. efquires, two of the justices of

f the peace in and for this county, and acting in and for the district of  in  which the parish of

is fituated, do hereby certify, that E, F. hath voluntarily entered himself in the service of hisMaj.efty’s navy, and that his defcrip-tion is as under-written :

Number  of  Certificates.  Name.  Place of birth or  lawful Settlement.  Age.  Calling.

  E. F. ■  Parifh of  0 0  

And we do further certify, that the sum o{ f.  hath

been agreed to be paid as a bounty to the said E. F. on his entering into such fervice; (and, if any sum is to he paid to him on in-rolment, add as follows J, and we do hereby diredf, that the sum of f.  part  thereof, (hall be paid to the said E. F, (or to

* the wife, child, or father, or mother of the said E. F. at his requeft), at the time of his inrolmcnt. Given under our hands and feals, this  day of  in the year

of our Lord

No. g.

FORM of notice hy churchwardens or overseers to the regulating, officers of appeals.

Toy/. B. regulating officer (or, to A. B. C. D. and E. F\ regulating officers) at *  under  an a61, in-

tituled, [here fit forth the title of the aft. J

WHEREAS you, as such regulating officer, have rejected A. B. produced before you as a volunteer to serve in his Majesty’s navy, as unfit to serve his Majesty, and we J. W. and T, B. churchwardens, or overfeers, of the parish of  * (or name

of placej, for which parish (or place) the said A. B. was tendered to ferve, think ourselves aggrieved by such determination; notice is therefore hereby given to you, that it is our intention to appeal against such determination to the justices of the peace, acting in and for this diftrid, to be aftembled at the next petty sessions to be hojden by. virtue of this ad. Given ui)der our hands this  day  of

No. jo.

1795.] Anno regni trtcefimo quintbGEORGii III. 5?

No. 10.

'FORM of return of churchwardens and overseers to the jujlices of their diflrift, at their 'petty fejjions, of persons inroiled.

Return of persons inrolled as volunteers to serve in his Majesty’s navy for the parish of  under  an  a£t,

intituled, [here fet forth the title of the aft.~\

Names.  Parifhes or Places for  which they ferve.  Parifhes or Places of  Birth or Settlement..  Calling.  Age.  Sums agreed to be paid as Bounty.

A. B.  Parifh of  Parifh of  Yeoman  17  

C. D.  Town        

A. B. 7 Churchwardens.

G, D. 3 Overfeers,

No. 11.

FORM of summons of churchwardens or overseers aRing for placet that have made default.

M-----  7  To A. B. and C. D. churchwardens 6r

Diftridf of f overseers of the parish of

WHEREAS the returns of the whole number of men appointed to be raised by the parish of  (or  if more than

one, the parishes of  of  name of place or places), has

not been made within the time limited to you for fo doing; this is therefore to require you to appear before the justices of the peace in and for the said county, and a<5iing in and for this dif-tridf, to be afFembled at a petty sessions to be holden on the day of  at  to  answer  for

your default therein, and to be dealt with according to law. Hereof fail not. Given under our hands and feals, this day of

No. 12.

FO RM of summons of inhabitants, &c.

To Ai B. and C. D. inhabitants of

WHEREAS We A. and B. justices of the peace acting fof the diftriil of  in  the  county, of  have

fummoned before us T. W. and Z. X the churchwardens and Vol. XL,  D  overfeers

Anno regni trieefimo quinto Georgii IIL c. 5. [1795;

overfeers of the parish of  to  answer  for  the default

in not having raised the proportion of men to be raised by the laid parish of  in  obedience to the order of general

feffions, and in pursuance of an ad, intituled, [here fet forth the title of the aft\ and on due examination of the premises it not having appeared to us that such default hath not happened by reason of any wilful »egle<5t of, or disobedience to, the said order, and that the fame hath been unavoidable, but that the fame hath arisen through the wilful neglect of  inhabitants

of the said parish of  Thefe  are therefore

to require you to be and appear before the justices of the peace acting in and for the said diftrid, on  at

to shew cause why the fine directed to be imposed on the inhabitants of the said parish in such cafe should not be adjudged to be levied by a rate, according to the directions of the said a£L Dated this  day of

No, 13,

FORM of the order of fine.

M------l WHEREAS T. TV. and Z. X1 the churchwardens

to wit. 3 (and overfeers) of the parish of  (or parifhes

of  or places) have not made returns of the whole num-

ber of men appointed to be raised by virtue of an order of general feflions, made in pursuance of an ad, intituled, [here fet forth the title of the aft], for the said parish of  (or  parifhes, &c\)

within the time limited to them fordoing the fame : and whereas the said churchwardens and overseers have been summoned to appear before the said justices of the peace, acting in and for the district of  and have refilled fo to do, (or appearing

before them at the petty sessions held on  at

. and being examined by them as to the cause of such default), and it having not been made to appear by such churchwardens and overseers to the satisfaction of the justices aforesaid, that such default hath not happened by realon of any wilful neglect of, or dif-pbedience to, the order, and that the fame hath been unavoidable, we do hereby, on due consideration of the premifes, adjudge the said T. TV. and Z. X. the said churchwardens and overfeers, to be guilty of having wilfully made such default, and do fine the said T. TV. and Z. X. in the sum of ten pounds, over and above the sum of^.  which we the said justices have afeer-

Cained, as nearly as may be, to be the amount which hath been given oi) an average as a bounty to men inrolled by virtue of this ad, within the district of  and  by  virtue  of the powers

vefted in us by that ad, do order that the fame be forthwith paid by them into the hands of the treasurer of the said county of M  for the uses and purposes of that ad. Given under

our hands and seals this  .  day  of  in  the

year of our Lord

No, 14.

*795-] Anno regni tncefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.

No. 14;

TO iW* 0/* warrant of dijlrefe for fine.

M~— 1  To the Conftable of

to wit. 3

WHEREAS T, TV, and Z, X, the churchwardens and overseers of the parifti of  (or parishes of

or places), have not made returns of the whole number of men appointed to be raised by virtue of an order of general feflions, made in pursuance of an adf, intituled, [here fet forth the title of the aft], for the laid parifti of  (or  parifhes, &c»)

within the time limited to them for doing the fame: and whereas the said churchwardens and overseers have been summoned to appear before the said justices of the peace acting ill and for the district of  and  have  refused fo to do, (or appearing

before them at the petty sections held on  at

and being examined by them as to the cause of such default), and it having not been made to appear by filch churchwardens and overfeers, to the fatisfadfion of the justices aforesaid, that such default hath not happened by reason of any wilful negledf ofy or disobedience to, the order, and that the fame hath been unavoidable : and whereas, by virtue of the powers vested in us by the said adt, we did adjudge the said TV W, and Z. X. to be guilty of having wilfully made such default, and accordingly did fine the said T, TV* and Z. X. as such churchwardens of the said parifh, in the sum of^.  for  such  their default, which

fum hath not forthwith been paid -9 these are therefore to com-* mand you to levy the said sum of f,  by  distress of

the goods and chattels of the said TTV* and Z, X.; and if within the space of  days next after such distress by

you taken, the said sum of £.  together  with  the

reafonable charges of taking and keeping the said diftrefs, ftiall not be paid, that then you do fell the said goods and chattels fo by you diftrained, and out of the money arising by such fale, that you do pay the said sum of £.  into  the  hands  of

the treasurer of the said county of  for the uses and

purpofes of that adt, rendering the overplus (If any) on demand, unto them the said TV TV, and Z, X, the reasonable charges of keeping and felling the said distress being first deduced; and if sufficient distress cannot be found of the goods and chattels of the said T. TV, and Z. X. whereon to levy the said sum of that then you certify the fame to us, together with the return of this precept. Herein fail not. Given under our hands and feals, the  day  of  in  the  year of our Lord

P %  N9.  15*

Anno regni tricesimo quinto GeoRGII III. c. 5. [1795.

No. 15.

FORM of order of levying rate on inhabitant or inhabitants,

To the churchwardens and overseers of the parish of

M------7 WHEREAS T. TV. and Z. X. the churchwardens

J and overseers of the parish of  {or  parifhes

of  or  places),  have not made returns of the whole

number of men appointed to be raised by virtue of an order of general feflions, made in pursuance of an aft, intituled, \l>ere fet forth the title of the aft], for the said parish of  (or

parifhes, &c.), within the time limited to them for doing the fame: and whereas the said churchwardens and overseers have been summoned to appear before the said justices of the peace acting in and for the district of  ;  and  that  on their

appearing before them at the petty sessions held  at

and being examined by them as to the cause of such default; and it having not been made to appear by such churchwardens and overfeers, to the satisfaction of the justices aforesaid, that such default hath not happened by reason of any wilful neglect of, or disobedience to, the order, and that the fame hath been unavoidable: and whereas it hath been made appear to our fatisfac-tion, that the fame hath arisen through the wilful default of L M• an inhabitant of the said parish of  (or if more than

one, I. M. O. P. &c. inhabitants, &c.J : we do therefore adjudge and order, and hereby require, by virtue of the powers vested in us by that aft, that you do cause a rate to be made upon the said L M* (or I. M. O. P. &c.) for his (or their) default in this behalf; and that you do raise the fame in such manner as rates for the relief of the poor are usually made and raifed; and that you pay the fame fo raised forthwith into the hands of the treasurer of the said county of  for  the  uses  and  purposes

of the said aft. Given under our hands and feals, this day of  in  the  year of our Lord

No. 16.

FORM of order of justices to the treasurer of the county.

To  the  treasurer of the county of M

M—— 7 WE, A. B. and C. D. two of his Majesty’s justices J of the peace acting in and for the district of in this county, do hereby order you to transfer in your account to the use of E. F. (inrolled as a substitute to serve for the parifti of  (or parifhes, of  )  in  his

Majefty’s navy, the sum of f.  out of the money in

your hands ayifing from the fine imposed upon the churchwardens

and

\ 795*] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.

and overseers of the poor of the said parish of  (or inha-

bitants, as the cafe may heJ, or for their default in not railing a volunteer for the laid parish of  under  an  aft,  intituled,

[here fet forth the title of the aft}. Given under our hands and feals, this  day of

No. 17.

FORM of order or warrant to conflables, &c. to attend.

M— fTo the constables of  or  church*

1 wardens, &c. of

WE, A. B. C. D. and E. F. his Majesty’s justices of the peace in and for the county of  assembled  at the

(general, or quarter, or petty feffions, as it may he)y do hereby require and order you to attend the justices of the peace assembled at a  sessions of the peace, on  the

day of  at  to  (hew cause to the said juftices

why (here fet out the defaidt complained of)y or to make a return (or as the cafe may he). Given under our hands and feals, this day of

No. 18.

FORM of conviction for negleCl of duty.

M*— 7 B E it remembered, That on this  day of

to nxjit. i jn t^e  year  0f  hjg  prefen£ Majesty’s reign,

A\ B. of  is  duly  copyifted  before  u,s  juftices

of the peace, assembled at a  sessions  of  the peace held

at  in  pursuance  of  an  aft  of  the  thirty-fifth year of

his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, [here Jet forth the title of the aCt\ for that he the said A. B. 01^  at  did

wherefore we the said justices (or  of the said juftices)

do adjudge that he the said A. B. do pay the sum of as a fine for his offence, in pursuance of the powers vested in us by the said aft., Given under our hands and feals, this day of  in  the  year  of  our  Lord

No, 19,

F G R MJ of commitment for fraud^ orzvilful partiality,

To.

M——cRECEIVE into your custody the body of■ A+B*. here-to  pent  y0u, having been adjudged guilty of [herefate

the offence^ in pursuance of an aft palled in the thirty-fifth year Qf his prefent: Majesty’s reign, intituled, [here fet forth the title of f ■ 1  ;  £  5  ih

3*  Preamble.  Anno regni tricesimo quintoGEORGil III ,c. 6—9. [1795.  ihe and him safely ke^p in your custody for the space of next enfuing; and for fo doing this (hall be your sufficient warrant. Given under our hands and feals, this day of in the year of our Lord  C A P. VI.  An a<ft for punishing mutiny and desertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.—[March 5, 1795]—Number of forces 119,380, including 3,882 invalids.  CAP. VII.v t An a<5t for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on Ihore.— [March 5, 1795.]  CAP. VIII.  An a<5t for authorifmg the company of proprietors of the grand junction canal, to vary the course of a certain part of thefaid canal, in the county of Hertford, fo as to render the navigation thereof more safe and convenient; and for making some other amendments and alterations in an adt, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.—[March 5, 1795.]  A<5t 33 Geo. 3. c. 80, recited. The line of the canal may be varied through the parities of Abbot’s Langley, King's Langley, Watford, and Rickmanfworth, in Hertfordfhire. Company not to deviate from the new line, unless by content of the land owners. Canal may be made through the parks of the earls of Clarendon and EfTex. Rates of tonnage payable on the old line to be taken upon the new line. Towing path in the earl of Clarendon's grounds to be carried on the east hde of the canal, but not to exceed fix feet in breadth. No buildings to be erected there, and the water to be kept to a certain height, and no materials to be got therein without his content. Com.penfation to be made to the earl of Clarendon for damages, See. Earl or Clarendon's right of fishery preferved, and boats not to stop in his grounds. Company to pay the expence of making up any deficiency of water occalioned to Langley Bury engine, &c. Recompenee to be made for injury to the hfheries of iir John Filmer, and Mr. Marriott. No damage to be done to mills in King's Langley, and Abbott’s Langley; and no more of fir John Filmer’s and Thomas Tovey’s meadows in King's Langley to be cut than lies in the line of the canal. Company to make watering places for cattle, and lupply fish ponds with water. Boats not to stop in the grounds, nof buildings to be erected on the lands of the earl of Lffex> fir John Filmer, and Mr. Tovey. The earl of EfTex may alter the line of the canal within his lands. Articles of certain tonnage not to pass locks in dry feafons. An additional rate of two-pence per ton for all goods. Merchandize, &c. carried upon any part of the line of the deviation of the canal. Seven members to make a general committee. Company may make wharfs and eredfc warehouses in White Fryars, London. No coals to be carried by the canal nearer to London than the north weft end of Grove Park.  CAP. IX.  An aft for procuring a'fupply of men from the fever al ports of this king-don^for thefervice of his Majeftfs navy.—[March i6> 1795*]  /HERE AS it is expedient for the public fervicey at the present V V conjuncture, that the mojl effectual measures should be adopted for providing a speedy supply of men to serve in his Majejly*s navy : and whereas, in order to carry the fame into effefty his Majejiy has  been

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto GeoRgi* III. c. gl gg

been pleafed> by an order of council, bearing date the eighteenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to direct that an embargo Jhould be laid on all British ships or vejfels within the several ports of this kingdom \ which is now in force: may it therefore please your Majefly that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King's mofi excellent majefly, by and with the advice Qr(jer Q^ and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in councii 0f this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the Feb. 18,1795* fame, That there shall be levied within the kingdom of Great laying an em-Britain, in the several ports herein-after mentioned, such able-bodied men to serve his Majefly in the navy of Great Britain, at recjted. * such times, and in such manner, as is herein directed; and that Embargo to the said embargo on all British ships and veffels, from time to continue at time, being within the limits of such ports refpeftively, (except each port till to such ships or vessels as shall be, from time to time, exempted *ts ^ be raifcch from such embargo by any order or orders of the lords of his w Majefly’s most honourable privy council), shall continue and be in force at each such port, according to the intent and effect of this aft, until the whole number of men by this aft required to be levied at all the said ports respectively shall be levied, approved of, and inrolled in his MajeAy’s said fervice, in the manner herein direfted, and according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, or until luch embargo shall be declared to be generally taken off by his Majefly in council: and that the number of men to be levied by virtue of this aft ffiall be as follows; (that is to fay),

For the port of Aberyfiwithy fix ty-nine men.

For the port ot Aldboroughy nineteen men.

For the port of Arundel, thirty-three men.

For the port of Barnjlaple, feyenty-four men.

For the port of Beaumaris, one hundred and ninety-fix; men.. For the port of Berwick, forty-three men.

For the port of Bideford, forty-eight men.

For the port of B\akeney, twenty-fix men.

For the port of Bofton, sixty men.

For the port of Bridgewater, twenty-fix men.

For the port of Bridlington, fifty men.

For the port of Brijlol, fix hundred and fixty-fix men.

For the port of Cardigan, one hundred and thirty-nine men. For the port of Cardiff^ fourteen men.

For the port of Carlijle, ten men.

For the port of Chepfioiv, thirty-eight men.

For the port of Chefler, twenty-five men.

For the port of Chichefler, fifty-fix men.

For the port of Colchefier^ eighty-four mem For the port of Gowes, fifty-nine men.

For the port of Dartmouth %.three, hundred and ninety-four men* For the port of Dealy ten mem

For the port of Dover, twQ.ijundred and forty-one men,

the pert, of  hundred  and  eighty, fix men*

‘

Number of men to be railed, Y&*

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgij III. c. 9. [1795.

For the port of Falmouth, twenty-one men.

Yor the port of Faverjham, one hundred and forty-fcven men, For the port of Foweyy seventy men.

For the port of Gloucefer, twenty-eight men.

For the port of Gweek, seven men.

For the port of Harwich, one hundred and forty-four men*

For the port of Hull, seven hundred and thirty-one men.

For the port of Ilfracombe, forty-nine men.

For the port of Ipfwich, fifty-eight men.

For the port of Lancafler, one hundred and fixty-three men. For the port of Llanelly, thirty-two men.

For the po^t of London, five thousand seven hundred and four men.

For the port of Loot, sixteen men.

For the port of Liverpool, one thousand seven hundred and eleven men.

For the port of Lyme, twenty-three men.

For the port of Lynn, one hundred and ninety-three men.

For the port of Malden, ninety-four men.

For the port of Milford,feventy men.

For the port of Minehead, eighteen men.

For the port of Newcafle, one thousand two hundred and forty men.

For the port of Newhaven, seventeen men.

For the port of Padfow, nineteen men.

For the port of Penryhn, eleven men.

For the port of Penzance, thirty-five men.

For the port of Plymouth, ninety-fix men.

For the port of Poole, two hundred and feve-nty-nine men.

For the port of Portfmouth, feventy-five men.

For the ports of Poulton and P ref on, seventeen men.

For the port of Rochefer, one hundred and thirty-four men.

For the port of Rye, ninety men.

For the port of Saint Ives, thirty-one men.

For the port of Sandwich, feventy-four men.

For the port of Scarborough, two hundred and feventy-five men. For the port of Scilly, three men.

For the port of Shoreham, twenty-eight men.

For the port of Southampton, one hundred and thirty-three men. For the port of Stockton, feventy-three men.

For the port of Sunderland, fix hundred and fixty-nine men. For the port of ‘Southwold, twenty-one men.

For the port of Siuanfea, eighty-five men.

For the port of Truro, eleven men.

For the port of Wells, fifty rnen.

For the port of Weymouth, one hundred and thirty-nine men. For the port of Whitehaven, seven hundred men.

For the port of Whitby, five hundred and feventy-three men. For the port of Wifbeach, nineteen men.

For the port of Woodbridge, eighteen men.

For the port of Yarmouth, five hundred and fix men.

For

?795-.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9.  ^

For the port of Aberdeen, two hundred and nineteen men.

For the port of Ayr, thirty-three men.

For the port of Alloa, ninety-five men.

For the port of Anflruther, fifty-three men.

For the port of Borroftonefs, one hundred and fifty-five men.

For the port of Cam lie town, one hundred and twenty-five men.

For the port of Dumfries, seventeen men.

For the port of Dunbar, thirty-eight men.

For the port of Dundee, one hundred and thirty-nine men.

For the port of Fort William, eleven men.

For the several ports of Clyde, comprehending Glafgow, Greenock^ and Port Glafgow, fix hundred and eighty-three men.

For the port of Invernefs, forty men.

For the port of Irvine, one hundred and thirty-one men.

For the port of Ife Martin, fix men.

For the port of Kircaldy, one hundred and thirty-fix men.

For the port of Kircudbright, nineteen men.

For the port of Kirkwall, thirty-one men.

For the port of Leith, two hundred and fix men.

For the port of Lerwick, fix men.

For the port of Montrofe, one hundred and seven men.

For the port of Oban, twenty men.

For the port of Perth, thirty-two men.

For the port of Port Patrick, nine men.

For the port of Prejlon Pans, three men.

For the port of Rothfay, one hundred and fixty-eight men.  s

For the port of Stornaway, fifty-two men.

For the port of Stranrawer, twenty-five men.

For the port of Thurfo, twelve men.

For the port of Tobermoray, five men : and

For the port of Wigton, twenty-five men.

II.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Every able-aforefaid, That whenever any able-bodied leaman shall be ac- bodied lea-cepted by the commissioners acting for any such port, and approved ^d^to^be°V~ of by the regulating officer or officers appointed for such ferviee, estimated every such able-bodied seaman shall be taken and estimated to be equal to two equal to and in lieu of two able-bodied men, and shall and may able-bodied be computed as such in the instrument of difcharge, herein di- mcn* reeled to be made by the laid commiffioners, of the number of

men required by this aft to be raised for such port.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Admiralty to it (hall and may be lawful for the commilfioners for executing the appoint re^ii-office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, ^ho^re to10* or any three or more of them, and they are hereby required to cftabliihplaces constitute and appoint fo many officers to regulate the admission ofrendea-

of men to be levied under the authority of this aft, for his Ma- vous#

jefty’s ferviee, for the said ports herein enumerated, as they {hall

deem neceflary, who, being fo respectively appointed, shall eftablifh

a convenient place or places of rendezvous in or near to such

ports for the reception of such men 3 and every such manfo to Before inrdb

> 1  o  Jje  ment> mto to

be examined by regulating officers.

KTo rendezvous to be in London.

Owners or jnafters of veflels, except those at the port of London, may ele<ft from amongst themselves and the merchants trading to the port, commif-£oners for raffing men.

Juftices, payors, &c. (except in London), and principal officers of the customs at the port, to be commissioners Without further qualification.

Three com-rmffioners may a<5t.

Corrtmiffion-ers to a<5t without fee.

If commiffi-oner6 be not tiered, (ex-

Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgiii III. c. 9. [1795.

be levied {hall, before his inrolment, be examined by one such regulating officer at the leaft, as to his ability to serve his Majesty; and every such officer (hall have full power of approving or of rejecting any man tendered to serve his Majesty, subject never-thelefs to such controul and fuperintend^nce as by this aft is particularly direfted.

IV.  Provided always, and be it enabled, That no such place of rendezvous shall be established within the city or county of the city of London.

V.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the refpeftivc owners of such {hips or vessels as aforesaid, being in any portherein-before enumerated, except the port of London, or, in the absence of any such owners, for the masters or other persons having or taking the charge or command of such {hips or vessels refpeftively, (being affembied together pursuant to notice given in the names of any two or more of such owners or mafters, and publilhed in any newspaper usually circulated in or near such port, three days before the time appointed for such meeting, containing the cause of calling such meeting, and the time and place of meeting), to eleft, from • amongst themselves and the merchants usually trading to or from such port, such and fo many persons resident at or near such port (not exceeding twenty-one in any such port, nor less than five) as the major part of the said owners and masters there assembled shall approve; and such persons fo elefted, and assenting thereunto, may be commissioners for raising men for his Majesty’s service in the navy during the continuance of the embargo at such port for which they {hall be elefted, and for putting in execution the powers yelled in such commissioners by this aft within such limits; and that the justices of the peace legally qualified to aft for every county, riding, divifion, {hire, or ftewartry, and the mayors, bailiffs, and other chief magistrates of every city, town, cinque port, or liberty, wherein any such port herein-before enumerated, or any member thereof, {hall be fituate, ("except; the port of London. as aforefaid), and affio the collectors or other principal officers of the customs at such ports refpeftively, {hall and may alfo, withr out further qualification, be commissioners for the like purposea within the limits of their refpeftiv.e juri.idiftion.s; and the persons fo to be elected, or hereby appointed commiffioners, shall have power to meet and fit, from time to time, in such place or places, as they shall find most convenient; and that three of the faid, commissioners in any of the laid ports (except the port of London as aforefaid) {hall be and are hereby empowered to do and execute any aft hereby authorised to.be done by such commiffioners, unless the fame shall be otherwise specially provided by this aft 1 and the said commissioners are hereby respectively required to. execute the powers and authorities given to them by this aft* without any fee, gratuity, emolument, or reward whatfoever.

VI.  Provided always, That in cafe no such commissioners {hall be elected to aft for any such port herein-before enumerated (except as aforefaid) within fourteen dtys after the passing of this

’  aft*

1795 ] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c, 9.  34

aft, that then the justices of the peace legally qualified to aft for cept in Lon -the respective counties, ridings, {hires, ftewartries, or divifions,  after

wherein such port shall be fituate, and also the mayor, bailiffs, passing this and other magiftrates, and the collector, or other principal officer a<5t, the juU of the customs at such port, shall be the commissioners for such tices of the port, and shall aft by themfelves, and they are hereby required Jfc Tnd" by themselves to put this aft in execution, until commissioners principal offi-fhall be elected to aft for such port jointly with such justices or cersofthecuf-magiflrates, and collector or principal officer of the cuftoms, at the port, in the manner herein direfted.  ti?fcommifli-

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, oners are ap. That any two of the persons elected or appointed to be com- pointed to ad miftioners by virtue of this aft, for any port herein enumerated, with them, (except the port of London as aforefaid), before they shall enter ^iSioners'cf upon the execution of the fame, shall take an oath before any the port, (ex-juftice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, cept London) {hire, or ftewartry, or before the mayor or chief magistrate of to takc^bdorc the place wherein the port for which such commissioners shall fQ^ovJw.',e be elected to aft shall be situate (which he or they is and are

hereby authorised and required to adminifter), the tenor whereof shall be as folioweth; (that is tp fay)*

4  T A. B. do /wear, That^ in the execution of the several powers oath*.

4  * vejled in me by virtue of cm adl^ intituled, u An act [here insert 4 the title of the aft], I will addfaithfully and impartially to the befl of 4 my judgement, according to the true intent and meaning of the said adld

And every other of the said commissioners at every such port (ex- who shall ad, cept as aforefaid) shall likewise take the fame oath before the rninilter it to (aid two commiflioners, who are hereby authorised and required ^om mi ikon to administer the fame, after they shall themselves have taken the ers> said oath as aforefaid.

VIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commiffion-That the said commissioners acting for any such port shall and ^^nts may respectively appoint and employ a clerk, or such other aflift- authority of ants as they shall be authorised to do by the said lords com-theadmiraltya miftioners of the admiralty, or any three or more of them; and

fuch clerk fhall, for his pains and trouble in the fame, be allowed, by the collector or other principal officer at such port, such sum for ^each man raised for his Majesty’s service at such port, as shall be fixed by the said commiffioners, with the approbation of the lords commissioners of the admiralty, or any three or more of them.

IX.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- CommifTion-thority aforesaid, That John William Anderfon, James Annen, ers *or Rpn~ Samuel Bofanquet, John Brickwood, Thomas Boddingtony William cion*

Boydj Thomas Bettefworth, H. AL Bird, Abel Chapmen, Norrifon

Cover dale, Robert Curling, Henry Cox, Anthony Calvert, William Curtis„ Alexander Champion, John Duffel, Francis Eajlerby, Edward Forfler, Thomas Gillefpy, John Hill, George Hibbert, John Inglis,

Thomas King, George Kendall, William Lufhington^ William Leigh-fWy Samuel Long, Beejlon Long, John Lyall, William Ludlam5 WiU

"  '  ham*

44 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9*  117

Ham Money, William Manning, Richard Miles, Richard Neave, Abraham P affinor e, Thomas Raikes, GVlfred Lewfon Reid, "James Reed, Samuel Thornton, William Ward, John Whitmore, and Robert IVigram, efquires, {hall be, and are hereby constituted com-mifiioners for raising the number of men required by this a£1 for the port of London, and for putting in execution the powers veiled in commilfioners by this aft, within such limits, in like manner, and under such rules and reftriftions, (except where other rules or restrictions are hereby expressly provided), as commissioners elected by virtue of this aft are empowered to execute the fame,

X.  Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the authority Two com- aforesaid, That any two of the said commissioners in this aft miffiofters for narned for the said port of London, before they enter upon the exe-taS the oath, cut*on  A13!!  take the said oath herein-before fet forth,

and ad mini ft er before the chancellor of the exchequer, or the matter of the rolls It to the other for the time being; which they, or either of them, are and is commifSion- hereby author]fed apd required to adrninitter; and every other ers"  of the said commissioners in this aft named for the said port of

London, {hall likewise take the fame oath before the said two com-miffioners, in the manner herein-before directed v/ith respect to the commissioners elected by virtue of this acl.

Five commif- XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That £or>ers may any five of the said commissioners herein named for the said port

^ anc^ ^ey are hereby empowered to do and meet at the^ execute znY a& hereby authorised to be done by commiffioners.

afting in the execution of this aft ('unlefs the fame {hall be other-wife specially provided by this aft) ; and that the said commissioners for the said port of London {hall, for the greater convenience and expedition of raising the number of men appointed to be railed for such port, have power to meet and fit at one and the fame time, at such two Several places within the limits of their ju-rifdiftion, as they {hall find most convenient, and to eonttitute two. several boards, with full powers at each such board to execute the powers veiled in commissioners by this aft, and at each fuch. board to appoint and employ a clerk, with such allowance as, aforesaid, and such other assistants as {haft be necessary for carrying Into execution the purposes of this aft, and as they {hall be authorised to do by the said lords com million ers of the ad-, ralty, or any. three or more of them.

CommJffion- XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ers to eon fide r the said commiiEoners lb.aH, as soon as conveniently may be after they are. elefted, and afterwards from time to time as they and m>ort the ^ail judge expedient,, take into coniideration the amount of the lame to the bounties it may be necessary to give for raising men, and fhal! admiralty, &c. report the fame to the lords commissioners of the admiralty ; and that they fliatt, in no cafe, be at liberty to give a bounty which, shaft exceed the amount of the bounty of which the lords com-miifioners of the admiralty, or any three or. more of them, fhail. have signified their approbation.

Perfous  XIII.  And  be it further enacted by the authority aforeiaid^

t^begar^ That every perfbn who fhail agree to enter himself as aforefaid'

"  '  “  frail’,

fame time at two places,

&c*



1795*1 Anno regni trice G mo quinto Georcii III. c. 9."  45

{hall be produced before the regulating officer at the place of duced to the rendezvous at or nearest to the port where such person (hall en- Q^er^and if ter, or such other place as the said officer, with the consent of approved, to the commissioners a£ting for such port, (hall appoint; and in cafe be brought the said officer {hall, on examination, approve of such person to before tue serve his Majesty, then such person may forthwith be brought ^sraX^^°^"aQ before the said commissioners adfing in and for such port, to be fettle the examined, and that upon its appearing to the said commiffioners, bounty, on examination, that such person hath voluntarily entered himself in such fervice, then the said refpe£ft*ve commissioners fhall, and they are hereby authorised and required, to fettle with such person the amount of the sums to be paid as a bounty to such perfon, which in no cafe shall exceed the amount of the bounty of which the lords commissioners of the admiralty shall have previously signified their approbation to the said commiffioners; and the Commifllon* said refpedftive commissioners adding for any such port, or any ers to certify three or more of them, shall forthwith certify under their hands, that such person hath voluntarily entered himself in the service entered, ami of his Majesty’s navy, setting forth therein the place or places certain parti-of the birth or lawful fettlement, age or ages, and calling or cal- culars, to tfic lings, of him or them refpecdively, if the fame shall be known ; ^fficer^^ho and the said commissioners shall alfo, at the foot of every such Caufe certificate, enter the amount of the sums to be paid as a bounty them to be into such person on his entering into such fervice, and shall pro- rolled,and greffively number the certificates as they shall severally be grant-  ^

ed*, and which certificates shall be directed to the regulating placed under officer, (the said commissioners taking the receipt of such regu- his command 3 lating officer for the fame, and which receipts such regulating officer is hereby required to give), and the regulating officer shall an(^ Qn thereupon cause such person or persons respectively to be inrolled removal, the in his Majesty’s naval service ; and every person fo inrolled shall certificates,or forthwith be placed under the command of such officer or offi- copies, to be cers; and upon the removal of any persons fo inrolled, in or^er wfth them' to be placed under the command of any other officer or officers, and delivered either on shore or on board any of his Majesty’s ships or vessels to the com-of war, every certificate of such commiffioners, or full and true landing of-copies thereof refpe£lively, shall be transmitted along with such vefl5s°iii ^ persons fo inrolled, and delivered to the respective commanding which they officers of the ships or vessels of war on board which such persons shall be en-fhall be entered to ferve.  tered.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said refpeTive Commiffion-commiffioners, before whom any person shall be brought to Q^^s^Q^the be examined touching his consent to enter into the laid fer- principal of- * vice, by any draft, bill, or order, under the hands of any three ficers of the or more of them, to direfit the collector or other principal offi- customs for cer of the customs at such port, to pay to such person any sum not exceeding one-third part of the bounty agreed to be paid

to him on his engaging to ferve, to be advanced to such perfon, or to such of his family, and in such proportions, as'he shall re-queft at the time of his inrolm-ent; and such drafts, bills, of ©rders - refpedtiyely, shall ascertain the names and descriptions of



jtftS

'46  Anno  regni  tricesimo quinto GEokGii HI. c. 9. [r7g^.

the persons to whom the fame {hall be made payable; and fiicK collector or other principal officer aforesaid, fhall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay the fame out of any duties of customs then in their hands, or otherwise out of the first monies that shall come to their hands of the said duties.

XV. And be it further enacfted by the authority aforesaid, That every such certificate fo granted, or a full and true copy thereof, signed by such regulating officer or officers, shall in all cafes where any such person inrolled by virtue of this a# shall be placed under the command of any other officer or officers, either on shore or on board any ship or veffel, be transmitted along with Ions inrolled, such person fo inrolled, and delivered to the commanding officer to the com-  or  vefiel on board which such person shall be entered

manding of- ferve; and such commanding officer fhall, within four days ficers of the from the time of such person being mustered and rated on board such fhip, and before such ship or velTel of war shall proceed to ihah be1 enter- ^ea> ma^e out a  tickets  for the payment of the bounty

ed, who shall money agreed to be paid to such person on his engaging to ferve

Certificates, or copies signed by re gulating officers, to be transmitted with the per-

make out tickets for payment of bounty money due, as for arrears of

and then remaining due, and which shall be expreifed in the certificate granted on that behalf, or in such copy thereof as afore-* faid, in such manner as if such bounty money had become due to such person on account of arrears of wages as a seaman on board such ship or veffel; and such bounty money shall and may be paid to such perfon, or to such perfon’s family, and in such pro-portions, as such person shall requeft, in the manner directed by an a£f, made in the thirty-firft year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the encouragement of seaman em-ployed in the royal navy, and for ejlablijhing a regular method for the punftual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages, and for enabling them mork easily and readily to remit the fame for the fnpport of their wives and families, and for preventing frauds and abuses attending such payments, or by any other act relating to the pay-How fills and ment of such wages: provided always, That where such person bills shall be shall desire any portion of the said bounty money then remaining

where^erfons ^ue to  t0  the lift required to be made out in

— r p r- such cafe by the captain or commander of such ship or veffel

may be paid, agreeably to 51 Geo. 2. c. 10, &c.

defire to have part of their bounty paid to their fa-

milies.

fhall be made out in the manner required by the said a£t of the thirty-firft year of his late Majesty aforesaid, except that in such lift the collector or other principal officer of the customs at the port where such man was raifed, shall be specified instead of the re-fpe&ive officers directed by the said act to pay any part of the arrears of wages due to seamen in the navy; and that the bills to be made out thereupon shall be made out by such captain and commander, and directed to such collector or other principal officer aforesaid, and to no other; and that all the rules, forms, direction's, and methods, used for the payment of wages due to ges to be used feamen, or payable to their families, in pursuance of the said act for payment t^e thirty-firft year aforesaid, or by any such other act of parliament, (except as aforefaid), shall be used in like manner for the payment of such bounty money to all and every the men who shall be entered into his Majesty’s service in pursuance of this aCt, or to their refpeCtive families, and in as full and ample a

manner

Rules for pay ment of wa-

©f bounty.



x795*1 Anfto regnl incefimo quinto Geoi^gi! III. c. 9.  47

mariner as if the said afts, and every clause therein contained, had been extended and applied particularly by this aft to such cafes, and the said collector, or other principal officer afofefaid* shall pay the residue of the said bounty, according to the directions herein-before given for payment of such portion thereof as aforefaid.

XVI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be received or inrolled in Perfons dif-his Majesty’s service by virtue of this aft, who is not, in the

opinion of the regulating officer or officers, such an able-bodied man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from ruptures, and every other diftemper, or bodily weakness or infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform his duty in the navy, or who, in the opinion of such officer or officers, shall appear to be under the age of sixteen years, or above the age of forty-five years if a land-man, or of fifty years if a feaman.

XVII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That the said commissioners for executing the office of lord high Admiralty to admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more ^erstoftf-them, fhall, and they are hereby authorised and required, to ap- perintend the point certain officers, of the rank of post captains, or command- admifiion and ers in his Majesty’s navy, to fupermtend within such diftrifts, entry of men,, near the coasts of this kingdom, as shall be allotted to them re-fpeftively, the admission and entry of men into the service of the navy in pursuance of this aft, under such regulations and rules as the said commissioners of the admiralty fhall, from time to time, constitute ; and if any person or persons who shall have been tendered to serve his Majesty in pursuance of this aft shall have been rejected by the ordinary regulating officer, and the commissioners acting for the port where such man shall be tendered shall think themselves aggrieved thereby, such commissioners may appeal to the superintending officer or officers, of the the rank above-mentioned, within the district where such port shall be fituate, who shall forthwith proceed to examine such re- who shall de-jefted perfon, and to hear and determine the matter of complaint, and to make such order therein as to him or them shall seem hiiffioners° reafonable, which determination and order shall be final and con- against rejec-clufive to all parties- and in cafe such superintending officer shall tion of men order such rejected person to be inrolled in his Majesty'*s navy,  ordi-

then such ordinary regulating officer, fhall, without delay, on^officer** receipt of such perfon, cause him to be inrolled in manner herein- &e. before direfted.

XVIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That whenever any such commissioners shall have caused such When the number of men to be inrolled in such service at any such port, as ^umblfraf to complete the number of men required by this aft in respect of men has such port, it shall and may be lawful for such commiffioners, and inrolled for they are hereby required, by an instrument in writing under their any port, the hands and feals, to certify the fame to the superintending officer or officers appointed for the district where such port shall be fitu- fy thefarreto ate 5 and every such instrument shall specify the port where such the fuperin-

men

tending officer, who {hall transmit the certificate to the admiralty.

Commiffion-crs to enter certificates in a book, and to give a copy when required by the principal officer of the cuftoms, who fiiall transmit it to the commif-fioners of the cuftoms, on penalty of xooU

Perfons after being muttered on board, to be entitled to wages from day of inrol-inent, and to all emoluments, as other volunteers.

Aft not to extend to vefiels of his Majesty or the royal family, or used solely in rivers or inland navigation.

ISTo fee to be paid on removal of embargo.

Treafury to iftue money to the com-iniffioners out

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9. [1795:

men were*fo raifed, and the names, ages, places of birth or lawful fettlement,and callings of them refpedtively, in such manner as they {hall refpe&ivelybe described in the certificates of the commissioners aforesaid, granted at the time of inrolling such men ; and such officer or officers {hall, on receipt thereof, forthwith cause the fame to be transmitted to the said commissioners of the admiralty, to be laid before his Majesty in Council.

XIX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the commissioners at every port where men {hall be raised in pursuance of this a6l, {hall cause to be entered an exa<S copy of every certificate granted bv them refpediively on the inrolment of such men as shall have been raifed, with the respective numbers thereof, as by this a£t diredted, in a book to be kept for that purpose; and fhall, when thereunto required by the colledlor or other principal officer of the customs at such port, cause to be made out and delivered a true and exa61 copy thereof, stating the number of every such certificate; and such collector or other principal officer shall forthwith, or within one month at the fartheft, transmit the fame to the commissioners of his Majesty’s customs in London and Edinburgh, under whom they respectively a61, or a true and exact copy thereof, stating the number of every certificate fo granted ; and that if any such officer or officers shall neglect or refuse fo to do, he or they fo offending (hall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who {hall be brought on board any of his Majesty’s ships of war in pursuance of this a61, {hall be rated therein after passing a muster on board the fame ; and that, after being fo rated, every such person shall be and is hereby declared to be entitled to wages from the day of his inrolment in his Majesty’s fervice, as herein-before is diredled; and shall alfo, over and above the bounty money agreed upon at the time of his inrolment, be entitled to such other bounty, emoluments, and advantages, as any other person voluntarily entering himself to serve on board any of his Majesty’s ships of war is by law entitled unto.

XXL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this a6t contained {hall extend, or be construed to extend, to any ship or vessel of war or other vef-fel, of whatever built the fame maybe, or under whatever defcrip-tion the fame may fall, being the property of his Majesty or the royal family, or any of them, or any lighters, barges, boats, or vefiels, of any built or description whatever, used solely in rivers or inland navigation.

XXII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That no charge or fee whatever shall be demanded, paid, or received, by any person or perfons, by realbn of or on the removal of the embargo laid on any ship or vessel during the continuance of this a£t; any usage or custom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lords commissioners of the treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised to iffu£ and cause to be advanced all such

fums

1795O Anno regril tricesimo quirito Georgii III. c. 9.  49

fums of money to such refpccftive commiffioners, in such manner, of-the duties and in such proportions, as the said remective commiffioners, 6r oi ciaio™s ^or

r  r r r . y .r . r T  1  ■  .  C  L  payment ot

any hve or more of them, if in Loudon, or three or more or them charges, an

if in any other port, shall by writing under their hands from account of

time to time defire, out of any part of the duties of cuffbms then which shall be

in the hands of the colledlor or other principal officer of the cuf- hud hefoie

1  1 -r  r  .  r  n  1  •  ,  .  1  1  1t r  ,  parliament *

toms, or otnerwife out of the tint monies whicn ihail afterwaras Within two

come to the hands of such colledlor or other principal officer of months if fit-the said duties; which sums fo to be advanced shall be employed ting,andllnot, for the payment of such allowances, and in defraying such necef-  3

fary charges and expences in or about the execution of this a61, niencement of as the said lords commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury fhc.ll the next icf-dire<ft or allow, and which money fo to be advanced shall not be f10IL subject to any tax, duty, rate, or aileffiment whatfoever, imposed by authority of parliament, but that an account of the said charges and expences shall be laid before both houses of parliament within two months after the expiration of the commiffion, if parliament shall be then fitting, and if parliament shall riot be fitting, then within fourteen days after the commencement of the then next session of parliament.

XXIV.  And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Majority of

commiffioners named in this adl, or elected commissioners by  the

virtue thereof, firal 1 decline to adl in the execution of the powers approbation of hereof, or having begun to adl (hail decline to a cl any further the treafury, therein, or shall depart this life during the continuance of this eledliuocrer-

adl, it shall and may be lawful for -the remaining commiffioners, fbrs to corn-

. ,  .  Jr  1  n-  r  r  •  i  G  *  r  ?  milfi oners de-

or the major part 01 tnem, acting as alorefaid at or for anjjfuch cliningtoadt

port, or constituting a board of commissioners at such port, by or dying, and with the consent and approbation of the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treafury, or any three or more of them, for the time being, to constitute and appoint such person or persons to be a commissioner or commiffiiners at such port for the purposes aforesaid, in the place of the commissioner or commissioners fo refusing to adl, or declining further to adl, or dying as aforesaid, as the said acting commiffioners, or the major part of them, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit, and fo often as such cafe shall happen ; and the person or persons fo con-ftituted and appointed by the said commiffioners, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, having fir ft qualified to adl by taking and subscribing the oath herein-before provided and di-redted, shall be invested with the fame powers and authorities as are given or delegated by this act unto the said commissioners named or constituted by this act refpedtively.

XXV.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this adl, or any thing herein contained, This aft not to shall not be deemed or construed to be a precedent, on any future

occafion, todiminifh or be prejudicial to the rights, liberties, cuf- *mcr the riehts. toms, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, to which the of"the city of mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or the

London.

freemen, citizens, V oh. XL.

or

inhabitants of the said citv-, are

entitled to enjoy

5°

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9. [1795.

enjoy by prefcription, aft of parliament, charter, ufage, or other wife howfoever.

Penalties to XXVI. And be it further enadied by the authority aforesaid, That and^^lied6'as  Pena^^es  an<^  forfeitures inflicted and incurred by this adl

thofefor often- ana may fue<^ f°r5 profecuted, and recovered, in such courts, ces against the and be disposed of in such manner, and by such ways, means, and laws of cuf- methods, as any penalties or forfeitures inflicted, or which may toms.  be incurred for any offence committed against the laws of cuftoms

may now legally be sued for, profecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and that the officer or officers concerned in prosecutions under this act shall be entitled to and receive such (hare of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine or penalty for any offence against this adl, as any officer or officers is or are now, by any laws or regulations relative to the cuftoms, intitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XXVII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

^tions^°n  no a(^on or fuit be commenced against any perfon

or persons acting as a commissioner or commiffioners, for any thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this adt, until fourteen days notice thereof in writing shall have been given to such person or perfons, nor after a sufficient fatisfadtion, or a tender thereof, hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, nor after fix calendar months next after the fact committed ; and every such action shall be brought in one of the courts of record at Wejlminjler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, as the cafe may . require, and shall belaid in the county where the cause of action shall arife, and ellewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in such ac-&eneral iffue. tion or fuit shall and may plead the general iffue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this adt; and if the fame shall appear fo to be done, or if such action or fuit shall be brought after the time herein-before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought without fourteen days notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other county or place, or after a sufficient satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants ; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or adtions, or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble cofts, and shall have such remedy for recovering the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of fuit in any other cafes by law.

XXVIII.  And be it further enadted, That this adt, or any of the provisions thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any adt or acts to be palled in this present session of parliament.

XXIX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the respective commissioners acting under the authority of this adt (hall from time to time, at their diferetion, or as often as

Treble cofts.

Adt may be altered or repealed this feffion.

Commiffioners to give a ivritten ac-

count of their they shall be thereunto required by the lords commissioners of the

proceedingsto admiralty, or any three or more of them, during their carrying the admiralty,  J  J



1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 9.  £i

on any proceedings under this aft, and as soon as possible after the determination of such proceedings, without any further re-quifition, give an account of their proceedings, in writing to the said commissioners of the admiralty.

XXX.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person inrolled in his Majefry’s Perfonsaccuf-fervice by virtue of this aft {hall be accused of any capital crime,

or of any violence or offence against the perfon, eftate, or pro- |1W t0 ^eli perty, of any of his Majesty’s fubjefts, which is punishable by the vered over to known laws of the land, the officer or officer having the com- the civil ma-mand of such party is and are hereby required to use his and their glftrate* utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused perfects to the civil magiftrate, and ftiall also be aiding and affixing to the officers of justice in the seizing and apprehending such offender, in order to bring him to trial j and if any such officer shall wilfully neglect Penalty on of-or refufe, upon application made to him for that purpose, to de-f?r^no^ liver over such accused person to the civil magiftrate, or to he f^choffenders aiding and assisting to the officers ofjuftice in the apprehending &c. such offender, every such officer fo offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace of the county, riding, {hire, ftewartry, or divifion, where the faft is committed, by the oath of two credible witneffes, shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty’s service ; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be tcanfmitted to the commissioners of the admiralty for the time being.

XXXI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That no person who shall be inrolled in his Majesty’s service by Xo person invirtue of this aft, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty’s oti^of service by any process whatever, other than by some criminal t^e ferviCebUt procefs, for some criminal matter punishable by the known laws for a criminal of the land.  matter.

XXXII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That the instrument hereby directed to be made out by such Inftruments commissioners for the discharge of ships or vessels from the requi-  of['vef

fitions of this aft, and the certificates to be given on the inrol- fe]s from the ment of any man in his Majesty’s fervice, in pursuance of this requilitions of aft refpeftively, may be in the form following ; (videlicet),  this adt, and

certificates on the inrolment

* To  the fuperinteding officer adding for the of men, may

4 district of the port of  we  the  underwritten,  u}  foU

4 being  of  the  commissioners adding for the ovvin^ 01

4 port of  under the authority of an aft of

4 parliament, palled in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of 4 his present Majesty, intituled, [Here jet forth the title of the 4 a£i\ having, in pursuance of the said aft, raised for his

4  Majesty’s service the men hereinafter deferibed, being the

5  full proportion of men required by the laid aft to be railed

£ 2  4  to

*  toferve in his Majeft/s navy at the said port of  i

c  do,  by  this  our  inftrument,  certify  the  famefto  be

*  in discharge of the several ships or veiTels belonging to the 4 said port of

Numbers of the certificates.  Names of men.  Ages.  Callings.  Places of birth, or lawful fet -tlement.  Capacities, whether seamen or landmen.  Bounty fettled by Commifiioners.    

            Sum paid on inrolment.  Sum due.  Total.

            *    

4 For the port of < (No. )

6  In pursuance of an a<3, passed in the thirty-fifth year of his c present Majesty’s reign, intituled, [Here fet forth the title 4 of the ci5i\ we the underwritten, being  of

- € the commifiioners acting under the authority of the said 4 act, do certify, that the person herein after described hath 4 voluntarily agreed to enter into his Majesty’s navy.

Name ofthe man inrol-led.  Age.  Calling.  Place of birth or  lawful fettlement.  Capacity, whether seaman or landman.

* And do further certify, That the amount of the bounty 4 fettled by us to be given to the person before described is 4  of lawful money of Great Britain ; [and if any fum

4 is to he paid to him on inrolment, add as follows] and we do 4 hereby diredf, that the sum of  '  part

6 thereof, shall be paid to the said  [or,  to

4 the wife* child, father, or mother, at his requefi] at the

4 time

 Googl

I 795-] Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. io.

c time of his inrolment, for which sum we have directed our 1 draft [bill or order] to the collector [or other principal c officer] of the customs at the port of ( Dated this  day  of

53

Commiffioners,

CAP. X.

An aEl for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on foreign wine and five ets.—[March 16, 1795.]

Mo ft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects the preamble* commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s pub-lick 'expences, and making such permanent addition to the pub-lick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charges occa-fioned by any loan to be raifed, or stock to be created, by virtue of any act or adds for that purpose to be pafTed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein-after respectively mentioned ; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enadled; and be it enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That there shall be raifed, levied, colledled, and The following paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, additional du-for and in refpedf of the several matters and things herein-after ^1sb° mentioned, over and above all duties already imposed for or in Great Britain. refpe£t thereof, by any act or afts of parliament, the further duties of excise herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay,

For every tun of French wine imported into Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, and for which all the duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the importer thereof, a duty of thirty pounds : For every tun of Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain, and wine of all other forts imported into Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, and for which all the duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the importer thereof, a duty of twenty pounds:

For every tun of French wine, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, which shall have been found on the first actual survey by the proper officer of excife, after the said twenty-

£ 3  third

For French wine, for which all the duties were not paid by Feb. 23, 1795, 30I. per tun ; and for wine of all other fortsimported, aol. per tun.

For French wine found in flock, on the first furvey,

afterFeb. 2-3, 1795, 30I. per tun ;

and for wine of all other forts fo found, sol.

For every barrel of sweets made in Great Britain for fale, us. 7<i. iq.

third day o$ February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in the {lock, cuflody, or pofleflion, of any dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of foreign wine, to be paid by such dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, a duty of thirty* pounds :

For every tun of Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain, and wine of all other forts, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, which (hall have been found on the first actual survey by the proper officer of excife, after the said twerttv-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in the flock, cuftodv, or possession of any dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of foreign wine, to be paid by such dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, a duty of twenty pounds :

For every barrel of liquor which {hall be made in Great Bri~ tain for fale, by infuflon, fermentation, or otherwife, from fruit or fugar, or from fruit or sugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials whatfoever, commonly called Sweets, or called ordif-tinguiflied by the name of Made Wind, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the maker thereof, a duty of eleven {hillings and fevenpence farthing.

Duties to be II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That under the ma- such 0f t}le duties by this a6l impofed, as shall arise in that part of the c^rnmif- Great Britain called England, shall be under the management cf fioners of ex- the commissioners of excise in England for the time being; and cite.  such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scot*

land, shall be under the management of the commissioners of

7  o

excife in Scotland for the time being.

How wine  TIT  *  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That

SaH be efti°C^ in e^mat,nS the l*a*d additional duties hereby imposed on foreign mated and wine, as being found upon such actual survey as aforesaid, in.the how the duties flock, cuflody, cr pofleflion, of any dealer or dealers in, or feller thereon shall or fellers of foreign wine, after the said twenty-third day of Fe-be paid*  bruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, which fhall

be in bottles, five reputed quart bottles shall be reckoned to the gallon, and two hundred and fifty-two of such gallons to the tun ; and the said additional duties payable on foreign wine, as being in the flock, cuflody, or possession of luch dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of foreign wine as aforesaid, shall be paid in manner following; that is to fay, one fourth part thereof on the third clay of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five ; one other fourth part thereof on the third day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; one other fourth part hereof on the seventh day of Otlober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five ; and the remaining fourth part thereof on the second day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix.

A# not to ex- I Vh Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing

'tend to flock jn this a61 contained lhall extend, or be construed to extend, to

for which the ch*arore wjth any duty by virtue of this a61, any foreign wine in

additional du- ,  . n  J  rr  rr  c i i  j 1

ty fhall'have the flock, cuflody, or pofleflion, of any dealer or dealers in, or

been paid on feller or fellers of, foreign wine, for which the additional duty by

this

1795 ] Anno regni triceHmoquinto Georgii IN. c. io. 55

this act lmpofed (hall have been paid or* importation thereof; nor

any foreign wine in the flock, cuftody, or pofleffion, of any dealer ^Qck (joes not

or dealers in* feller or fellers of, foreign wine, unless such dealer exceed 252

or dealers, or feller or fellers, shall have in his, her, or their gallons.

flock, cuflody, or pofleflion, on such actual survey as aforesaid,

after the said twenty-third day of February one thousand feven

hundred and ninety-five, a quantity or quantities of such foreign

wine exceeding two hundred and fifty two gallons, reckoning five-

reputed quart bottles to a gallon for all such wine as. (hall be in

bottles.

V,  And whereas by the her ein-b efor e recited aft of the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majefly, a draivback of the whole amount of the duties of cuflorns and excise paid on the importation of 'wines into Great Britain is allozved on any fori of zvine intended for the use of admirals, captains, or other commijfioned officers employed in his Majefly’s fervice, for their actual consumption on board such of his Majefly s ships as they shall serve in, yearly and every year, in the proportions therein mentioned, and under the rules, regulations, reflections^ penalties, and forfeitures, contained in the said recited a 51; and it is among other things provided that the said dratvback shall not be allowed upon any wines but such as shall be delivered into the charge of the colledlors and comptrollers of his Adajejly’s cufioms at certain ports therein enumerated: and whereas it is expedient that the drawback Jhould be allowed\ pursuant to the said recited a51, upon any wines which may be delivered into the charge of the colle5lor and comptroller of his Majefiy’s cufioms at the port of Dartmouth alfo, in the fame manner as at any of the ports particularly mentioned in the said a5l: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every 3 ciaufe, matter, and thing, in the said recited adl relating to the 48 allowance of the drawback on wines in any of the ports therein ^utiesonwines enumerated, shall be, and the fame is hereby extended to the ui-ed on board port of Dartmouth \ and all the rules, regulations, reftridtions, the navy, to penalties, and forfeitures, of the said recited act fhall, and the extend to the fame are hereby declared to apply accordingly, the fame as if all  Dart-

the cla*ufes, powers, diredlions, and authorities were particularly repeated and re- enacted in the body^of this present act.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enadtedby the authority aforesaid, That a drawback of the whole duties on foreign wine Drawback of imposed by this adt shall be allowed on any fort of such foreign the Avhole du- -wine intended for the use of admirals, captains, or other com-  ^  fjj

miffioned officers, employed in his Majesty’s fervice, for their ac- reign wine, for tiial consumption onboard such of his Majesty’s ships as they the^conlhmp-fhall respectively serve in, in like manner, and under the like pro- tion of officers vifions, conditions, and reftridtions, as a drawback of the former on hoard the duties paid on the importation of wines into Great Britain are di- blYto 33 Geo* redted to be allowed by an adf, passed in the thirty-third year of 3.C. 48. the reign of his present Majefly, intituled, An a5l to allow the drawback of the duties of cufioms and excise upon wines consumed by admirals, captains3 and other commijfioned officers> on board ships of

E 4  war

Geo. 3. c. allowing a drawback of

$6 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. io. [1795.

war in actual service ; and to allow such ships to be supplied with tobacco duty-free.

VII.  And whereas contracts may have been made for the sale af wine before the fir ft a final survey taken by the officer of excise after the twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or vSines truly have been fold fubfequer.t to such jnrvey ; be For wine con- it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in .all cafes traded to be where any wine whereon the respective duties by this act imposed tional” difty  he charged, shall have been or (hall be delivered in purfiu

may he added ance o ifuch contracts or Tales, it shall be lawful for the dealer or to the price, dealers in such foreign wine, delivering the fame, to charge fo much money as {hall be equivalent to the duties by this act itn-pofed in relpedl thereof, in addition to the price of such wine ; and such dealer or dealers {hall be entitled by virtue of this act to demand and be paid the fame accordingly.

VIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Forprize wine That all wine taken and condemned as-prize, and fold by the warehoufe°for caPtors °r their agcnts, 2nd taken out of any warehouse wherein home con- the fame ill all have been lecu'red, to be consumed in this kingdom, fnmption, the in pursuance of an adl, palled i<i the thirty-third year of the reign additional da- Qf his present Majelly, intituled, An all for the relief of the cap-ty to oe paid. fors cjr pr‘vzes zv,jh ref pc ft to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional duty by this act imposed for or in respect of wine imported -r and such additional duty shall be paid and payable by such perfons, an4 in such manner as the former duties by the said adl of the thirty-third year aforesaid impofed, are payable by law.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies from time to time arising by the several new and additional rates and duties by.this act imposed as aforesaid, (the neceifary charges of railing and accounting for the fame refpec-tively excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majeftv’s exchequer at JVefiminfier, and the said money fq paid in as aforesaid shall be carried to and made part of the con-fblidated fund.

X.  Provided always, and be it further enadled, That ..the monies to arise from the said duties, or fo much thereof as shall be fuf-ficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan to brufof thi$an^ ma(^e> or  to  be  created,  by virtue of any adl or adls to be

feilion^ and parted in this session of parliament, and that the said monies, during for xo years to the space of ten years next enfuing, shall continue to be paid into be kept lepa- the said receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue ; and that there

Duties to be carried to the consolidated fund.

Duties to be applied in defraying any increased charge occa-

rate from of her- monies.

fhail be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, iq which all the monies arising from the said duties paid into the said receipt by virtue of this act, fhall, together with the monies arising from any other duties granted in this fell]on of parliament, for the purpose of defraying fuclx increased charge as aforesaid, be entered, separate and apart from all oilier monies paid or payable \o his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever,

XL And



1795*1 Anno regni trlcefimo quinto Georgii III. c. ir. 57

XI.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Drawback to on the exportation of any foreign wine, for or in respect whereofbe Stowed on the duties by this ad imposed fna.ll have been duly paid, .there foragn\rines shall be paid or allowed to the exporter or exporters a drawback of agreeable to the said duties of excife, upon the fame terms and conditions, and 26 Geo. 3. c. under, fubjed, and according to the rules, regulations, reftridions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, contained, provided,

fettled, or eftabliftied, in and by an ad, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft for re pealing certain duties now payable on wines imported, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof to be collected under the management of the comjnijfloners of excise ; and the said rules, regulations, reftridions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, shall be, and the fame respectively are hereby directed to be ufed, applied, pradifed, and put in execution, on the exportation of wine, for the purpose of obtaining a drawback of the duties by this ad granted, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said rules, regulations, reftridions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, had been expressly repeated and re-enaded in this ad.

XII.  And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That powers 0F1* all . and every the powers, diredions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, Car. 2. c. 24* claufes, matters, and things, which, in and by an ad, made in the

twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An t0 11S a aft for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Maje/ly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty’s revenue of excife, are provided and established for managing, railing, levying, colleding, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afcertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such cafes for which pther penalties or provisions are made and prescribed by this ad), shall be pradifed, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raifing, levying, colleding, mitigating, recovering, and paying the excise duties by this ad impofed, and for preventing, deteding, and puniftiing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, diredions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in this present ad.

CAP. XI.

An aft for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on worts, wajh, and other liquors, made in England, for extracting spirits for home consumption \ and for preventing distillers from ??iaking use of wheat or wheat flour in making wash for extracting fpirits.—•

[March 16, 1795.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the *  publick

5«

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. n. [1795.

publick revenue as (hall be adequate to the increased charge oc-cafioned by any loan to be raifed,' or flock to be created,, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be pafied in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein-after respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it maybe enacted \ and be it enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, to and for The follow- the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, for and in respect chftksto^be^ t^ie ^evera^ matters and things herein-after mentioned, over paid, viz. and above all duties already imposed for or in respect thereof, by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties cf exciie here-in-after mentioned; that is to fay,

For every gal- For every gallon of fermented wort or wash which shall be made iiTfiU brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, for land from ° extracting spirits for home consumption from any malt, corn, grainforhome grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the fame, and which shall not be confumption, actually distilled into spirits on or before the twenty-third day of l^ri^by Fel^ ^eoruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-live, to be paid *3> 1795, id.* by the makers or distillers thereof, one penny:

For every gal- Fern every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other wash or liquor Ion from other which (hall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain call-Bntifh mate- ed England, from any fort or kind of Briti/h materials, (except rials, id. fUch as are |3efore mentioned), or from any mixture therewith for extracting spirits for home confumption, and which shall not be actually distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the makers or distillers thereof, one penny:

For every’gallon of fermented wort or wash which shall be For every gal- brewed or made in that part of Great'Britain called England^xom Ion from me- me]afl'es or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits id^zq^ uSar> for home confumption, and which shall not be actually distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-third day of February one . thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the makers or distillers thereof, one penny halfpenny :

For every gallon of wash which shall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called Englandfrom foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, (except melaftes and fugar), or any mixture therewith, for extrading spirits for home confumption, and which shall not be actually distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-third day of Fe* hruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,' to be paid by the makers or distillers thereof, two-pence:

For every ninety-fix gallons of wash which fir William Bif)Opy Argles Bifaop^ and George Bifhop, or the survivors or survivor of them, shall produce from a weight of malt or other corn, includ-

For every gal Ion from foreign materials, except melaffes and fugar, zd.

For every 96 gallons made by Mefirs. Biihop from

ing the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve

pounds.

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. n.  59

pounds, and which (hall not be actually distilled into spirits on nalb. of or before the said twenty-third day of February1 one thousand corn> as*

(even hundred and ninety-five, two (hillings and eight-pence three farthings; and fo on in proportion for any greater or Idler quantity of such wafh.

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties to be

the duties by this a£1 imposed (hall be under the management  JJ^ement of "

the commissioners of excise in England for the time being.  the excife.

III.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no wash which (hall be brewed or made in that part

of Great Britain called England,, underand according to the rules, cor^ing ’to a8 regulations, and provisions of an ad, made in the twenty-eighth Geo. 3.C. 46. year of the reign of his present Majesty, for extracting low wines for exporta-or spirits for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain not liable called Scotland, (ball be charged or chargeable with any duty or to additional duties of excise granted by this act.  duty.

IV.  And whereas Jlanding contrails may have been made before the said twenty-third day ^/'February one thousand[even hundred and ninety-five, by difiillers and makers of fpirits, for British spirits to be

delivered after the said twenty-third day of February one thousand  n ^Britifh

feven hundred and ninety-five; be it therefore enacted by the au- fpHts after ** thority aforesaid, That such difiillers and makers of fpirits, Feb. 33,1795, delivering such British spirits after the said twenty-third day of on contrasts February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in pursuance of such contracts, (hall be allowed to add fo much money as will may add to be equivalent to the duties by this a£f impofed, for or in respect the price a of the wort or wash from whence such spirits were extracted or him equiva-made, to the price thereof, and (hall be entitled, by virtue of j^ties ^ this act, to be paid for the fame accordingly.

V.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties to be all the monies from time to time arising by the several new and carriedto the additional rates and duties by this ad imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the fame refpec-

tively excepted), (hall, from and after the palling of this ad, from s time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Wcjlminfler; and the said money fo paid into the exchequer as/ aforesaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the mo- Duties to be nies to arise from the said duties, or fo much thereof, as (hall be applied in de-fufficient, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for fraying any the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any ^ai^e^cfcca loan to be made, or (lock to be created, by virtue of any ad or plone^

ads to be palled in this fefiion of parliament; and that the said mo- loan of this nies, during the space of ten years next enfuing, (hall continue to fefiion, and be paid into the said receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, distinctly ^ke° t fepa-° and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and ratefrom that there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor other monies, of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duties paid into the said receipt by virtue of this ad (hall, together with the

monies'

6o

The powers of ia Car. z. c. z4, &c. to

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. n. [1795.'

monies arising from any other duties granted in this feffioti of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid ,or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceftors, upon any account whatever.

VII.  And be it further enadted, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and tilings, cxtaid°to this w^ich, in and by an aCt, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An ati for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service and purveyance^ and for settling a revenue upon his Ma 'jejly in lieu '  thereof  or  by  any other law now in force relating to his Majesty’s

revenue of excife, are provided and eftabliftied for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such cafes for which other provisions are made and preferred by this aCt), shall be pra&ifed, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the excise duties by this act impofed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and reenacted in this present aCt.

Till the ex- VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, w^k^aft/ ^  frorn  anc* after the palling of this a<5t, and from thenceforth

the^com-61* unt^ tne expiration of fix weeks next after the commencement roencement of of the next session of parliament, no distiller or difrillers, or maker next fefiion, or makers of low wines or fpiritS, shall apply, fpend, confume, or make use of, or caufe, procure, permit, or fuffer, to be applied, fpent, confumed, or made use of, any wheat or wheat flour in the brewing, making, or preparing, any wort or wash for making or extracting low wines or fpirits; and if any distiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of low wines or fpirits, shall apply, fpend, confume, or make use of, or caufe, procure, permit, or fuffer, to be applied, fpent, confumed, or made use of, any wheat or wheat Hour, in the brewing, making, or preparing any wort or wash for making or extracting low wines or spirits contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aCt, the person or persons fo offending fhall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds ; and every servant of such distiller or diftillers, maker or makers of low wines or fpirits, and every other person who shall be aiding and assisting in the applying, fpending, confuming, or making use of any wheat or wheat flour in the brewing, making, or preparing any wort or wash for making or extracting low wines or fpirits, or in carrying or conveying the fame into the houfe, ftillhoufe, or other place used by such distiller or diftillers, maker or makers of low wines or fpirits, in the brewing, making, or preparing such wort or wafh, shall also forfeit and lofe, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds; and in default of payment thereof, immediately upon convi£tion,

fhall

no distiller shall use any wheat or wheat flour in making wort for extracting fpirits, on penalty of 500I. and persons aiding distillers in such use shall forfeit 2 oh &c.



1795*] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. n. 61

fhall be liable to firfFer three months imprisonment in the house of correction, and to be kept to hard labour during such imprifonment.

CAP. XII.

An aft for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on foreign fpirits. [March 16, 1795-J

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the com- Preamble.

mons of Great Britain in parliament aftembled, towards railing the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick ex-pences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occaiioned by any loan to be raifed, or stock to be created, by virtue of any a£t or adls for that purpose to be pasted in this section of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein-after refpec-tively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacfed; and be it enacfted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That there shall be The following raifed, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Ma- additional du-jefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, for and in respect of the several matters and things herein-after mentioned, over and above all fpirits; C duties already imposed for or in refpet thereof by any at or acts of parliament, the further duties of excise herein-after mentioned; that is to fay,

For every gallon of single brandy, imported into Great Britain, For lingle and for which all the duties payable thereon shall not be paid on brandy, for or before the twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the importer thereof, a havebeenpaid duty of ten-pence :  ^  by Feb, 23,

For every gallon of brandy above proof, imported into Great i795> iod. per Britain, and for which all the duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thou- above proof, sand seven hundred and ninety-live, to be paid by the importer is. 8d. per thereof, a duty of one (hilling and eight-pence :  .  gallon:

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, of the produce For spirits of of the Britijh colonies or plantations, imported into Great Britain, the British co-and for which all the duties payable thereon shall not be paid on logics, 8d.per or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand SaU°n; seven hundred and ninety-live, to be paid by the importer thereof, a duty of eight-pence :

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, above proof, of For such-fpU the produce of the Britijh colonies or 'plantations, imported into fits above Great Britain, and for which all the duties payable thereon shall Lallan* * not be paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February u  one

6z Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 12. [1795.

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the importer thereof, a duty of one (hilling and four-pence:

For such fpi- For every gallon of rum or spirits of the produce of the Britijh houfed^nd P^antatlons> which, on the said twenty-third day of February one delivemdout ^o^nd seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be in any ware-after Feb. 23, house in which the fame shall have been put, fubjedf and accord-1705, 8d. per ing to the rules, regulations, reftri&ionSj and proviiions contained gallon:  and provided in an act, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of

his late majesty King George the Second, concerning the landing of rum or spirits of the Britijh sugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excife, and lodging the fame in warehoufes, and which fhall, from and after the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, be delivered out of any such warehouse or warehouses respectively for home confump-tion, (except such rum or spirits for which all the duties payable thereon shall have been paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five), to be paid by the importer upon demand, a duty of eight-pence:

For such fpi- For every gallon of rum or spirits over proof, of the produce rits above cf the Britijh plantations, which, on the said twenty-third day hou^ed^nd”6" February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be delivered, is. in any such warehoufe, and which fhall, from and after the said 4d.pergallon: twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, be delivered out <jf any such warehouse for home con-fumption, (except such rum or spirits for which all the duties payable thereon shall have been paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five), to be paid by the importer upon demand, a duty of one shilling and four-pence:

For finglefpi- For every gallon of single fpirits, or aqua vitee, (other than such rits imported, brandy, rum, or fpirits, as aforefaid), imported into Great Britain, °fkeif f^an as and for which all the duties payable thereon shall not be paid on pe^gallonj* * or before the laid twenty-third day of February^ one thousand 9 seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the importer thereof, a duty of ten-pence : and if above For every gallon of fpirits, or aqua vitee, (other than such proof, is. 8d. brandy, rum, or fpirits, as aforefaid), above proof, imported per gallon. into Great Britain, and for which all the duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the importer thereof, a duty of one shilling and eight-pence.

II.  Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-Additional faid, T hat the additional rate or duty hereby imposed for or in duty on spirits refpe<5t of rum, fpirits, or aqua vitee, of the produce of the Britijh from^he Bri co^on^es or plantations, imported into this kingdom, may be tilh colonies, bonded and fecured, and shall be paid and payable in such mgn~ may be bond- ner only, and under such regulations and reftridtions, as the rates ed, &c. as ^ and duties of excise heretofore charged for or in refpecT of such prefentduties. rum^ fpjrjtSj or aquavitmay be now bonded and fecured, and are by law paid and payable.

III.  And

1795*] Anno regni tricesimoquintoGEORGii I1T. c. 12.

III.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all foreign brandy, rum, and fpirits, taken and condemned as prize, and fold by the captors or their agents, and taken out of any warehouse wherein the fame {hall have been fecured, to be consumed in this kingdom, in pursuance of an aft, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign ofhis present Majefly, intituled,^ aft for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom, (hall be subject and liable to the additional duty by this a61 impofed, for or in respect of brandy, rum, and fpirits, respectively imported ; and such additional duty {hall be paid and payable by such perfons, and in such manner, as the former duties, by the said aft of the thirty-third year aforesaid impofed, are payable by law.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That such of the duties by this aft impofed, as (hall arise in that part of Great Britain called England., {hall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as {hall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, {hall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being.

V.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the duties by this aft impofed, for or in respect of rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, {hall be allowed on the {hipping thereof as (lores to be spent and consumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the feas, in the fame manner as the former duties imposed thereon now are, or hereafter may be directed to be allowed by law.

V I. And whereas sanding contrafts may have been made before the said twenty-third day of February one thousandfeven hundred and ninety-five, by importers or dealers in foreign fpii'its, for such foreign. spirits to be delivered after the said twenty-third day ^/February one thousandfeven hundred and ninety-five ; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such importers and dealers delivering such foreign spirits after the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-live, in pursuance of such contrafts, (hall be allowed to add fo much money as will be equivalent to the duties by this aft imposed for or in respect of such foreign spirits to the price thereof, and (hall be entitled, by virtue of this aft, to be paid for the lame accordingly.

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies, from time to time arising by the several additional rates and duties by this aft imposed as aforesaid, (the necellary charges of railing and accounting for the fame respectively excepted), fhall, from and after the palling of this aft, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at Wejl~ minjler; and the said money fo paid into the exchequer as aforesaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the confoiidated fund.

VIII.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the monies to arise from the .faid duties, or fo much thereof as shall be fuffreient, {hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any

loan

63

Prize spirits taken out of warehoufes, liable to additional duty.

Duties to be under the management of the excife.

Duties on spirits of the Bri-tidi colonies to be allowed on fhip’s ftores.

Perfons 'delivering foreign spirits after Feb. 23, 1795, on contracts made previous thereto, may add to the price a Turn equivalent to duty.

Duties to be carried to the confoiidated fund.

Duties to be applied in defraying any increased . charge occa-

64  Anno regni tncefimo quinto GeoRGII III. c. 13. [1795,

fioncd  by any loan to be made  or stock to be created by virtue of any a£t or

loan of  this  a(g.s tQ passed  in this session ! of parliament and that the faid

feihon, snd  *1*1/*  c  p  •  n n •

for 10 years to monies, during the space or ten years next enluing, mail continue

be kept fepa- to be paid into the said receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, dif-rate from ^ tinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues ; «ther monies. ancj that jjqere shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duties paid into the said receipt by virtue of this act, fhall, together with the  monies arising from any other duties granted

in this session of  parliament, for the purpose of defraying such

increafed charge  as aforesaid, be entered Separate and apart from

all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors, upon any account whatever.

Powers of IX. And be it further enacled. That all and every the powers. Car. 2. c. z4, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and &C’v° e^tenc* things, which, in and by an a6f, made in the twelfth year of the to is a reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for taking azvay the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majefly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty’s revenue of excife, are provided and established for managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such cafes for which other provisions are made and preferibed by this act), shall be practiled, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the excise duties by this act impofed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

CAP. XIII.

An aft for granting to his Majefly additional duties of excise on tea, coffee, and cocoa nuts, [March 16, 1795.J

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TIT E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubjects, the VV commons of Great Britain, in parliament allembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue, as shall be adequate to the increased charge oc-cafioned by any loan to be railed, or stock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein-after reflectively mentioned - and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it

enacted

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. i£.'  65

enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and,  ^

paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucce/Tors, t-esto be paid for and in refpett of the several matters and things herein-after jn Great mentioned, over and above all duties already imposed for or in Britain, respect thereof, by any adt or adls of parliament, the further duties of excise herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay,

For and upon all tea which, from and after the palling of this For tea fold a<5t, {hall be fold in Great Britain by the united company of mer- by the Fait chants, of England trading to the Eaji Indies, a duty of seven ^yl*\ ^as^"* pounds ten (hillings per centum, to be computed upon the gross percent.upon prices at which fueh tea (hall be fold, to be paid by the purchaser the price, or purchasers of such tea to the laid united company, and to be paid by the laid united company to the commissioners of excise for the time being:

For every pound weight avoirdupoife of cocoa nuts of the For cocoa growth or produce of any Britijh colony or plantation in America, nuts of the imported into Great Britain, and which (hall be delivered out ofBrkTlh^ccflo the warehouse in which the fame shall have been lodged under the njes -in Ame-care and custody of the proper officers for feeuring the duties rica, delivered payable thereon, for home confumption, and fo in proportion out of ware-for any greater or less quantity, and for which all the duties pay- k°^Scon* able thereon shall not have been paid on or before the twenty- fumption,~for third day of February one thouland seven hundred and ninety-five, which all the a duty of sixpence halfpenny :  duties fhall

For every pound weight avoirdupoife of cocoa nuts of the n^^vep^en growth or produce of any other place, imported into Great Bri- 179*, 6d„ tain, and which shall be delivered out of the warehouse in which 2q. per lb. $ the fame shall have been lodged under the care and custody of and of the the proper officers for securing the duties payable thereon, for growth of any home confumption, and fo in proportion for any greater or less ^ quantity, and for which all the duties payable thereon, shall not IS‘ ' ^er q have been paid on or before the twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, a duty of one shilling and eight-pence:

For every pound weight avoirdupoife of coffee imported into For coffee fo Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the warehouse delivered, 6d. in which the fame fhali have been lodged under the care and cuf- Pcr ‘ tody of the proper officers for securing the duties payable thereon, for home confumption, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, and for which all the duties payable thereon {hall not have been paid on or before the twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, a duty of sixpence halfpenny.

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Duty on tea the said duty by this aft imposed for or in relpeft of tea shall be deemed and taken to be an inland duty, and be under the ma-nagement of the commissioners of excise for the time being, and drawnbackon Vou XL.  F  fhall

66 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 13. [1795.

€xPor^at^on.» (hall be again drawn back and repaid upon the exportation of on teaC cocoa tea to anY P*ace where a drawback of the duty on tea is nuts, and cofl now allowed by law, upon the fame terms and conditions, and fee, to be le- under, fubjedt, and according to the fame rules, regulations, revied, &c. ftridtions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, as are refpec-aft^datfneto ^vety contained, provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, by any adt or excife^  acts °f parliament in force at the time of palling this adt, and

relating to the exportation of tea ; and the laid rules, regulations, reftridtions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, shall be, and the fame respectively are hereby directed to be duly obferved, pradtifed, applied, and put in execution, upon such exportation of any such tea*, and that the said refpedti've duties by this adt imposed for or in respect of tea, cocoa nuts, and coffee, refpedtively, shall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, by such perfons, and under such management, and under, fubjedt, and according to the rules, regulations, reftridtions, provifions, fines, penalties, anc} forfeitures, as are respectively contained, provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, by any adt or acts of parliament in force at the time of palling this adt, and relating to the excise duties payable for or in respect of tea, cocoa nuts, and coffee, refpedtively; and the said rules, regulations, reftridtions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures refpedtively, (hall be, and the fame respectively are hereby directed to be duly obferved, pradtifed, and put in execution, for the raifing, levying, collecting, and paying, the said re-fpective duties by this adt impofed, for or in respect of tea, cocoa nuts, and coffee, refpedtively, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame rules, regulations, reftridtions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in this adt.

Prize tea fold, III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and prize cof- a]} ^ea taken and condemned as prize, and fold by the captors or

tin  j  l

nuts taken their agents> pursuant to the rules, regulations, and reftridtions, prescribed by an adt, palled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for the relief of the captors of prizes, vjith respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional duty by this adt imposed on tea; and that all coffee and cocoa nuts taken and condemned as prize, and fold by the captors or their agents, and taken out of any warehouse in which the fame shall have been fecured, in pursuance of the said adt, to be consumed in this kingdom, shall also be subject and liable to the additional duties by this adt imposed for or in respect of coffee and cocoa nuts refpec-tively imported.

Thefollowing IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That be^Howed on uPon exPortati°n of chocolate there shall be paid and allowed the exporta- the flowing additional drawbacks; that is to fay, tion of chocolate made in For every pound weight avoirdupoife of chocolate which shall Great Britain: be  fn  Great  Britain  of  cocoa  nuts  of  the  growth or produce

If of cocoa 0p any British colony or plantation in America, imported into produce1 of Great Britain, (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect P  thereof

out of ware-houfes to be confumed, liable to the additional duty.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 13.’  67

thereof (hall have been paidJl, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, a drawback of five-pence:  ricna^  p™r  *

For every pound weight avoirdupoife Of chocolate which (hall lb. be made in Great Britain of cocoa nuts of the growth or produce jf Qf the proof any other place, imported into Great Bri^ain^ (for which the duce of any duties hereby imposed in respect thereof (hall have been paid), and other place, exported as merchandize to foreign parts, a drawback of one IS* 4ci* (hilling and four-pence.

Which said drawbacks (hall be paid and allowed upon the fame Drawbacks to terms and conditions, and under, fubjedf, and according to the be paid agree -fame rules, regulations, reftridtions, provifions, fines, penalties, J^le to a<5ts m and forfeitures, as are refpedfively contained, provided, fettled, orce? c* or eftabliffied, by any a£t or a&s of parliament in force at the time of palTing this a£t, and relating to the exportation of chocolate; and the said rules, regulations, reftridfions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, (hall be, and the fame refpedhvely are hereby directed to be duly obferved, pradfifed, applied, and put in execution, upon such exportation of any such chocolate.

V.  And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies from time to time arising by the several new and additional rates and duties by this adf imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of railing and accounting for the fame refpec-tively excepted), (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at Weflminjier ; and the said money fo paid in as aforesaid (hall be carried to and made part of the con-folidated fund.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enadted, That the monies to arise from the said duties, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be made or dock to be created by virtue of any act or acts to be palled in this session of parliament; and that the said monies, during the space of ten years next enfuing, (hall continue to be paid into the said receipt of his Majefiy’s exchequer, dif-tindfly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues ; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duties paid into the said receipt by virtue of this adl, fhall, together with the monies arising from any other duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased chatge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-cellors, upon any account whatever.

Duties to be carried to the consolidated fund.

Duties to be applied in de® fraying any increased charge occa-lioned by any loan of this feffion, and for 10 years to be kept separate from other monies.

p 2  CAP.

68  Anno  regni  tricesimo  quinto  Georgn

“t*

CAP. XIV.

An aft for raising the sum of eighteen millions hy way of annuities* [March 16,1795.]

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. *TTTE, your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the com-VV mons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being desirous to raise the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have refolved, that the sum of eighteen millions be raised by annuities, in manner herein-after mentioned; and do therefore mofthumbly befeechyour Majesty that it may beena&ed; and be it enabled by the King’s itioft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia-Evety contri- ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every con-to^rentit?ed* tributor towards raising the said sum of eighteen millions flhall, to an annui- f°r every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled ty of 3I. from to the principal sum of one hundred pounds in annuities, after Jam 5, 1795; the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and to a further S^6s^8d ^f Pr*nCJPal sum thirty-three pounds fix {hillings and eight-pence in

33

4b per cents, from Oft. 10, 1794; and an

annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum,

re-

in a certain cafe, to such further annuity as fhai! be fixed.

deemable by parliament; the said annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum to commence from the fifth day of 8sn6dyfor 6 January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the years^nd ** annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum to three months commence from the tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven from the said hundred and ninety-four; and (hall also be entitled, in respect of p&. 10; and every such one hundred pounds fo contributed, to a further annuity

m 3 r^rfain  r • i n mi*  ,  r  .  r  •  r

of eight (hillings and fixpence, to continue for a certain term or fixty-five years and three months, from the tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and then to ceafe; and also to such further annuity as shall be fixed by any a6t in this section of parliament, in cafe provision shall not be made by any act in the said feflion, for guaranteeing the payment of the A  dividends  on a loan of fix millions sterling to be advanced by the

b^D^vabfeout  cor,tr^utors for the service of the emperor of Germany, and

of the confoli- that the said annuities after the rate of three pounds and of four pounds per centum, and of eight (hillings and fixpence, in respect of each one hundred pounds fo to be contributed as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of, the consolidated fund, and (hall be payable, and transferrable at the bank of England; and the said annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the said annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum {hall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of Oftober in every year; and the said annuity of eight (hillings and sixpence to continue for a certain term of fixty-five years and three months from the said tenth day of Oftober

dated fund half-yearly.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14,  '  69

her one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and then to ceafe, {hall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year.

II.  And whereas, pursuant to, and upon the terms and conditions ex-prejfed in the said refolution^ fever al per[ons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpose^ subscribed together the whole of the

Jaid sum of eighteen millions to be raised by annuities, and made deposits of ten pounds per centum on the refpeCtive sums by them fo fubjcribed to the said sum of eighteen millions to be raised by annuities, with the cafoiers of the governor and company of the bank 0/England ; be it therefore enacfted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Contributors such contributors who have made such deposits with the cashier ^ade d^oft or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, at the bank1 (which cashier or cafhiers is and are hereby appointed the re-may pay the ceiver and receivers of such contributions, without any other remainder of warrant to be had in that behalf), to advance and* pay unto the ^ons^nftS" said cashier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank ments/ of England, the several remainders of the sums by them reflectively subscribed towards the said sum of eighteen millions, at or .before the refpedftive days and times, and in the proportions here-in-after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to fay), the further sum of ten pounds per centam on or before the feven-teenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five ; the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or hefore the twelfth day of June then next following ; the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the seventeenth day of July then next following ; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-eighth day of Auguft then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-third day of Oftober then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-feventh day of November then next following ; and the remaining sum of fifteen pourids per centum on or before the fifteenth day of January one thousand seven hunclrecf and ninety-fix.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Guardians ^ it shall and may be lawful for any guardian or trustee having the disposition of the money of any infant, to contribute and pay for

or towards advancing the said sum of eighteen millions to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid, and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or truf-fee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this acft, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the said guardian and truftee, as to the said sum or sums fo advanced, is hereby difcharged, fo as the name of such infant be exprefted in the receipt or receipts for such money.

IV.  And be it further enafted, That every contributor paying Contributors in the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed in re- to be allowed fpedl of the said sum of eighteen millions, to be contributed as aforesaid, at any time on or before the twentieth day of March m ad-'

F ^  one  vance.



70 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14. [1795*

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, {hall be entitled to an allowance of fo much money as the intereil of each sum fo paid in advance, for completing his, her, or their contributions refpeclively, {hall amount unto, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-third day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to the fifteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix; and that every contributor paying in the whole of the sums by them fub-fcribed as^aforefaid, at any time subsequent to the twentieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and previous to the twenty-feventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, {hall be entitled to an allowance of fo much money as the interefl: of each sum fo paid in advance, for completing his, her, or their contribution refpedlively, shall amount unto, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, from the day of completing the fame, to the fifteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix; which allowances are to be paid by the said cafiiier or cafhiers, out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this a£f, as soon as such refpebtive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccelTorS, and afiigns, {hall have completed such refpeblive payments. Annuities to V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That be paid half- the several subscribers or contributors, their executors, admini*-not^ill fub ftrators) fucceiTors, and afiigns, in relpebl of the said sum of eigh-icnptions are teen millions, shall be entitled to 2n annuity after the rate of completed. three pounds per centum, for every one hundred pounds, by him, her, or them refpeblively advanced and paid, to commence from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until redemption, by parliament, in manner herein-after mentioned; and shall also be entitled in respect of every such one hundred pounds fo advanced and paid to a further annuity, after the rate of four pounds per centum in refpebf of the additional principal sum of thirty-three pounds fix {hillings and eight-pence, from the tenth day of Oolober one thousand leven hundred and ninety-four, until redemption, by parliament, in manner hereinafter mentioned; and (hall also be entitled, in refpebt of every such one hundred pounds fo advanced and paid, to a further annuity of eight {hillings and fixpence, to continue for the term of fixty-five years and three months, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and then to cease ; which said refpeblive annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of four pounds per centum, and of eight shillings and fixpence, (hall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions ; (that is to fay), the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum., on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the said annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of Ottober in every year; and the said annuity of eight - {hillings and sixpence on the said fifth day of April and the said tenth day of October in every year; the first payment upon the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum,

to

7*

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14.

to be due on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five ; and on the said annuity, after the rate of four pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; on the said annuity of eight (hillings and sixpence on the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, but (hall not be payable until the refpec-tive subscribers or contributors, their executors, admini (Ira tors, fuccefiors, or afligns, (hall have completed the whole of the sums by them subscribed for the purchase of the said annuities.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by* the autho-

rity aforesaid, That all and every such contributor or contributors, Contributors his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, who  t^ejr

(hall have paid into the hands of the said cashier or cafhiers the subscriptions whole of his, her, or their contribution money, on or before the by the times second day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, herein fpecifi-fhall be entitled to have and receive on the fifth day of April one ^tIed°to the * thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, at the bank of England, annuities at the half year’s annuity, after the rate of four pounds per centum, certain peri-and the half year’s annuity, after the rate of eight (hillings and ods. fixpence, that (hall become due on the said fifth day of April one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that all and every person or persons who (hall have completed the whole.of his, her, or their said payment or payments on or before the second day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, on or before the seventh day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or on or before the second day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, refpe&ively, (hall be entitled on the day next ensuing on which any dividend (hall become due by virtue of this a£t to receive the half year’s annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, four pounds per centum, or eight (hillings and fixpence, or any of them, which by virtue of this adt (hall be-? come due on such day refpedtively, or (hall have become due at any day preceding, and (hall not have been paid by virtue of this adt; and that all and every person or perfons^who (hall not have completed the whole of their said payments on or before the said second day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, (hall, on completing the fame within the time in this acl prefcribed, be then entitled to receive the whole of one year’s annuity on each of the said several annuities by this a£t granted, or to be granted, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, refpe£fively, according to the true intent and meaning of this a£L

VII.  And be it further enadled, That all the annuities aforefaid

(hall be payable, and paid, and be transferable at the bank of Annuities England; and, as to the said annuities of three pounds per centum,  at

and of four pounds per centum, (hall be subject to such redemption °

^s is herein-after mentioned,

VIII.  And for the more easy and Jure payment of all the several QT\nuities ejlablijhed by this a£t> be it further enacted by the autho-

f 4

72, Anno regni tricesimoquinto Oeorgii III. c. 14 [1795;

The bank to rity aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of ihi errand ac- ^n^anrK and their fucceffors, dial], from time to time, until all the countant ge- said annuities shall be redeemed or determined, appoint and employ neral, and the one or more lufficient person or persons within their, office in the treaiury to or- city of London to be their chief or fir ft cashier or cafhiers, and one bT ai^tcJthe ot^er ^uffic’ent person within the fame office to be their accoun-cafhier. tant general ; and that fo much of the monies by this acf appropriated for the purpose as shall be sufficient from rime to time to anlwer the said several and respective annuities and other payments herein diredfed to be‘made out of the said monies, fhall, by order of the commissioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpeilive days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be iftiied and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the said first or chief cashier or ciifhiers of the laid governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon account for the payment of the said several and refpedti.ve annuities Cafhier to pay payable by virtue of this a£t; and that such cashier or cafhiers to

annuities whom the said money shall from time to time be ilfued, fhall, without delay, r .  .  ■>  . .  ,  ,  , r  ,

and the ac- from time to time, without delay, pay the lame accordingly,

countant ge- and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due neral to in- course of the exchequer ♦, and that the said accountant general for counts*^ 3C" ^me being shall from time to time infpe£f and examine all receipts and payments of the said cafhier.. or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

Cafhierto give IX. And be it further enadlcd, That the cashier or cafhiers of receipts for the governor and company of the bank of England\ who shall which ma^be ^ave rcceb’ed, or shall receive any part of the said contributions affignedbd:ore towards the said sum of eighteen millions, shall give a receipt or Dec. 10, i79y. receipts in writing, to every such contributor, for all luch fums, and that the receipts to be given shall be affigpable, by indorfe-ment thereupon made, at any time before the tenth day ol December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and no longer: Cafhier to give provided always, That such cashier or cafhiers shall give security to fecurity, and the good liking of any three or more of the commissioners of the to pay money treafury, or the high treasurer for the time being, for duly aqfwer-daRafterCre anc* paying hito the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, for the* ceived, into publick ufe, all the monies which they have already received, and the exche- shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum <luer’  of eighteen millions,, and for accounting duly for the fame, and

for performance of the trust hereby in them repoled, and fhall, from time to time, pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards, at the fartheft, into, and shall account for the fame in the exchequer, according to the due court; thereof, deducting thereout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in purfu-ance of this for which sums fo paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.



X. And

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14.  73

X.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in A book to be the office of the accountant general of the governor and com- kept in the ac-pany of the bank of England for the time being, a book or books- neral’s^ffice {hall be provided and kept in which the names of the contributors for entering (hall be fairly entered ; which book or books the said respective contributors contributors, their respective executors, adminiftrators, fuccef- nj^^’ ofdU' fors, and affigns, (hall and may, from time to time, and at all which shall be seasonable times, resort to, and infpecf, without any fee or charge; transmitted to and that the said accountant general fhall, on or before the fifth the auditor day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, transmit °f tke exche-an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or ^uer‘ books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Contributors such contributors duly paying the whole sum fo fubfcribed, at or ^7 before the refpecftive times in this act limited in that behalf, and to their refpgdlive executors, adminiftrators, fucceftbrs, and affigns, entitled to shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this their annuities act, to have, receive, and enjoy, the said several annuities by this ^ree ^rom aft granted, in respect of the sum fo subscribed out of the monies

granted and appropriated in this section of parliament for payment thereof, and shall have good and sure interests and estates therein, according to the several provisions in this acct contained, as well in respect of the said transferrable annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of four pounds per centum per annum, as of eight (hillings and sixpence per annum., payable and transferrable at the hank of England: and that the said several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and irnpofi-tions whatfoever.

XII.  Provided always, That in cafe any such contributors who Subfcriptions have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to the laid ca- paid in part, fhier or cafhiers, any sum or sums of money, at the time, and p^ed0tto°be* in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums forfeited.

fo by them respectively fubfcribed, or their respective executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or affigns, shall not advance and pay to the said cafliier or cafhiers the residue of the sum or sums fo subscribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned; then, and in every such cafe, fo much of the respective sum or sums fo fubfcribed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof, to the laid calhier or cafhiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds and of four pounds per centum per annum, and of eight (hillings and sixpence per annum, in refpech thereof, shall be ex-tinguifhed ; any thing in this ac51 contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithftanding.

XIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That As soon as as soon as any contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuc- ffibicriptions ceflors, or affigns, shall have completed their payments of the e(j? they may whole sum payable by them refpedtively, towards the said sum of be transferred eighteen millions, the principal sum or sums fo by them subscribed at the bank, and paid respectively shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank

of

74

Annuities to be deemed perfonaleftate

Treafury may itpply the mo* Tity paid into the exchequer.

Accountant general to keep booksfor re giltering transfers.

Stock may be deviled by will, which must be. en-

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14. [1795*

of England., placed to the credit of such respective contributors* their executors, adminiftrators, fuccellbrs, and affigns, completing such payments refpeftively; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be fo placed, their respective executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and alfigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the fame, or any part, {hare or proportion thereof, to any other person or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the books of the bank of England ; and such sums (hall carry the several annuities, after the rate of three pounds and of four pounds per centum per annum refpeftively, redeemable by parliament, and the annuity of eight {hillings and sixpence per annu?n for fixty-five years and three months, and then to ceafe; and {hall be taken and deemed to be stock transferable, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, until redemption of the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds and of four pounds per centum per annum, in such manner as is herein-after mentioned, and until the determination of the said annuity of eight (hillings and sixpence per annum at the expiration of the said period of fixty-five years and three months.

XIV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all persons who (hall be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of the said eighteen millions, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, {hall be poffefTed thereof as of a personal estate which (hall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise ; any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the commissioners of the treafury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to issue and apply, from time to time, all such sums of money as shall be fo paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer by the said cashier or cafhiers, to such Cervices as shall then have been voted by the com-! mons of Great Britain in this present fcflion of parliament.

XVI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That books shall be constantly kept by the said accountant general for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers of all sums advanced or contributed towards the (aid sum of eighteen millions, shall be entered and registered ; which entry {hall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or, if fucfy parties be abfent, by their respective attorney or attornies there-pnto lawfully authorifed, in writing, under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to be attested by two or more credible witneffes; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of assigning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law: provided always, That all persons poft. felled of any share or interest in either of the said Clocks of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the fame by will, in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses ; but

tha$

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgix III. c. 14.  75

that no payment {hall be made upon any such devise until fo much tered with of the said will as relates to such fhare, eftate, or intereft, in the said flocks of annuities, be entered in the said office ; and that g a ' in default of such transfer or devife, such fhare, eftate, or intereft, in the said flocks of annuities shall go to the executors, adminif-trators,fucceffors and affigns; and that no {lamp duties whatsoever Transfers not shall be charged on any of the said transfers ; any law or statute *,° l^ble to to the contrary notwithftanding.  am^  Ut7*

XVII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the

authority aforesaid, That out of the monies arinng from the con- Treafury to tributions towards raising the said sum of eighteen millions by an-  ^en-

nuities*, any three or more of the commissioners of the treafury, or cesoutofcon-the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to discharge tributions,and all such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the execution allow fala-of this a£l, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reafon-

able, and also to fettle and appoint such allowances as shall be countant ge-thought proper for the fervice, pains, and labour of the said cashier neral. or cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting foY the said contributions, and also shall have power to make out of thecon-folidated fund such further allowances as {hall be judged reafon-able for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or calhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this a£l, and also for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the said accountant general, for performing the trufl reposed in him by this a£l; all which allowances, to be made as aforesaid, in refpebl of the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company* and at their disposal only.

XVIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all the monies to which any person or perlons (hall become The 3 per entitled by virtue of this a<£l, in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards the said sum of eighteen millions, on which added^o the the said respective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per joint stock of ce?itum per annum (hall be attending, shall be added to the joint the 3 per flock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England, into which cents- > the feveralfums carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum were, by several adls made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majeftyKing George the Second, and by several subsequent adls, confolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the said a<5t made in the twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty’s reiga is directed inrefpeft of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said a<5l; and that all and every person and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, fhe,. or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this adl, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rates aforesaid,

XIX, An4 

and the 4 per cents to the joint stock of 4 per cents.

Anrvnities of Ss, 6d. to be added to the

annuities for ^ and 98 years.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14. [1794.

XIX.  And be it farther ena£led by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies to which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this a6I, in respect of any sum advanced Or contributed towards the said sum of eighteen millions, on which the said annuity after the rate of four pounds per ce?itum per annum shall be attending, shall be added to the joint flock of annuities, transferable at the bank of Englandr, into which the several sums carrying an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, were, by two a£fs made in the twentieth and twenty-firfl years of the reign of his present Majefly, and by several fub-fequent adls, converted, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament in such manner, and upon such notice as in the said acts are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue of the said adls ; and that all and every person and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, fhe, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this a£t shall have,'and be deemed to have,a proportional interest andfhare? in the said joint flock of annuities, at the rate aforefaid.

XX.  ■ And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the said annuities, after the rate of eight shillings and fix-

J  o  o

pence per annum, to continue for a certain term of fixty-five years and three months, from the tenth day of October one thou-fand seven hundred and ninety-four, and thentoceafe, to which any person or perfons, bodies politick and corporate shall be entitled by virtue of this adl, in respect of any sum or sums of money advanced or contributed towards raising the said sum of eighteen millions as aforesaid, shall be added to and made one joint flock, with certain annuities which, by two acts made in the first and second years of the reign of his prefent-Majefly, weregranted and made payable at the bank of England, for the respective terms of ninety-nine years, and ninety-eight years, from the fifth days of "January one thousand seven hundred and fixty-one, and one thousand seven hundred and iixty-two refpeclively, and then to ceafe; and which laid refpedfive annuities were consolidated and made one joint flock of annuities by divers adls, made in the reign of his present Majefly, and shall be paid, payable, and transferable at the fame time and times, and in like manner with the said annuities granted by the faidadls; and fo much money fhall, from time to time, continue to be fet apart, and issued at the receipt of

A surdities granted by

paid o^of the ^ie €XChequer to the said cashier or cafhiers of the bank of Eng-confuiidated

hmd.

Perfons counterfeiting re-

land, as shall be furficient to satisfy and pay fo much of the said annuities, after the respective rates of three pounds per centum per annum, of four pounds per centum per annum, and the annuities hereby granted to continue for a certain term of fixty-five years and three months, from the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety four, and then to ceafq, together with the charges attending the fame, out of the consolidated fund; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

a XL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit or caihe

1^95'] Anno regm tricesimo quinto Georgii III’, c. 14.  77

y or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly adt or ceipts for con-affifi in the forging or counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for t^]ltltlo”^fCC* the whole of, or any part or parts of, the said contributions to- ° wards the said sum of eighteen millions, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof; or (hall alter any number, figure, or word therein; or utter or publish as true any such falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, . with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatfoever; every such person or persons fo forging or ' counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or affiAing in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XXII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank The bank to of England, and their fuccefTors, notwithAanding the redemp- continue a tion of all or any of their own funds, in pursuance of the acts f°r ^the annui-eAabliAiing the fame, or any of them, shall continue a corpora-ties hereby tion for the purposes of this adt, until all the annuities by this adt granted ceafc. granted {hall be redeemed by parliament,- or {hall cease as afore-

laid ; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, {hall not incur any dilability for or by retifon of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this adt.

XXIII.  And be it further enadted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatfoever, {hall be demanded or taken of any of his No fee fhalJ

MaieAy’s fubiedts, for receiving or paying the said fubfeription or tfkynfor

J J . J  r  J  *  receiving con-

contribution monies, or any ot them, or tor any receipt concern- tributions, or

ing the fame, or for paying the said annuities, or any of them, or paying or

for any transfer of any fum, great or fmall, to be made in pur- transferring

fuance of this adt, upon pain that any officer or person offending,  °^»

by taking, or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, fliall, _  014

for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the

party aggrieved, with fullcofts of fuit, to be recovered by adtion

of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his MajeAv’s

courts of record at JVejlminjler^ wherein no effoin, protection,

privilege, or wager of law, injundlion, or order of reftraint, or

anymore than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXIV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person or persons {hall be fued, molefied, or proiecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance ofthis act, such person or

perfons shall and may plead the general iffue, and give this act General iffue, and the lpecial matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or drrences; and if afterwards a verdict {hall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall difeontinue his, her, or their action or profecution, or be nonluited, or judgement

73

Treble cofts.

Preamble, reciting orders in council of Jan. 16,

and of Jan. ai, 1795*

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 15. [1795.

ment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer* or otherwife, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XV.

An aft for rendering ejfeftual his Majefifs orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-firft days of January one t houfand seven hundred and ninety-five, respecting the adiniffmi of the efie ft??mentioned in the said orders into the ports of this country, to be warehoufed; and for indemnifying all persons who have acted in confluence of such orders. [March 16, 1795.]

WHEREAS his Majefly, by his order in council bearing date the sixteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, ivas pleased to dir eft that all goods, wares, merchandizes, and efifefts whatfoever, coming dire ftly from any of the ports of the United Provinces to any of the ports of this kingdom in the vef-fels of any country, and navigated in any manner, be permitted\ until further order, to be landed and secured in warehouses under the joint locks of his Majefly and of the 'proprietors, at the rijk and expence of the said proprietors, there to remain in safe custody for the benefit of the proprietors thereof until due provisions shall be made by law to enable such proprietors to re-export, or otherwise dispose of the fame: and whereas his Majefly, by his further order in council bearing date the twenty-firft day of January one thoifand seven hundred and ninety-five, was pleajed to dir eft that all goods, wares, merchandizes, and efifefts zvhatfiever, belonging to any of the subjects or inhabitants of the United Provinces, or belonging to any subjects of his Majefly, or to any subjects of any country in amity with his Majefly, coming from any part of Europe, Afia, Africa, or America, in amity with his Majefiy, in vefiels belonging to any subjects or inhabitants of the United Provinces, or to any subjects of his Majefly, or of any country in amity with his Majefly, and bound to any port of the United Provinces, may, until further order, be permitted to be landed in any port of this kingdom, and may be secured in warehouses for the benefit of the proprietors thereof, in the fame manner as was directed by the above-mentioned order of his Majefiy in council, bearing date the sixteenth day of January one thous and seven hundred and ninety-five: and whereas goods, wares, merchandizes, and efifefts, which may be brought into the ports of this kingdom, or brought within four leagues of the coafis thereof, in coifidence of the said orders, or either of them, may he subject to seizure under the provisions of jome afts or aft of parliament novo in force, and the /hips, vefiels, or boats, in or on board which such goods, wares, merchandizes, and efifefts, may be fio brought into the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coafis thereof, may alfo, under like provifions, be subject to seizure as forfeited, aud the persons acting therein may be liable to prosecutions and aft ions in respect thereof \ but as such orders were fo necefifary for the publick good, and for the safety and preservation of the property and efifefts of his Majefiy* s subject sr and of his allies, that all such goods, wares,

merchandize,

79

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 15.

merchandize,  effects, /hips,  vejfiels, and boats,  as  of or efaid\  ought

to be exempted from all forfeitures;  #//  persons who have afted,

or /hall ait,  bringing in the fame, or who have afled, or /hall aft, in

purfuance of or according to fuVh orders, ought to be indemnified : be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any such goods, wares, merchan- If goods, vef-dize, or effedts, as aforesaid ; or any {hips, veffels, or boats, fe!s> &c. be horfes, cattle, or carriages, employed in importing, conveying, commi/Eonera or removing the fame, {hall be seized as forfeited by virtue of ofthecuftoms any '  ’  '  ‘  1

his that

or intended to be brought, into this kingdom, upon the faith, or fn^o^he king-according to the terms of such orders refpedtively, without any domagreeable intention of fraud in the owner or owners thereof, such com- recited or-miflioners {hall cause the fame to be released from such feizure,  coun*

and to be secured for the benefit of the owner or owners thereof, 7 according to the true intent and meaning of the said orders refpedtively, and upon such terms as the said corn miflioners shall think fit for the due execution of the said orders refpedtively, and {hall diredt; and if such owner or owners shall comply with such terms, the officer or officers who shall have seized the fame shall not proceed for the condemnation thereof; but if such owner or owners {hall not comply with such terms, such officer or officers shall be at liberty to proceed to the condemnation of such gooods, wares, merchandize, or effedts; nevertheless such owner or owners shall not be entitled to any damages on account of such feizure.

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Suits for ads all personal actions and fuits, and all indidtments, informations,  '

profecutions, and proceedings whatfoever, which have been or on}ers shall be prosecuted or commenced againfl: any person or perfons, charged, {hips, veflels, goods, wares, merchandizes, or effedts, for or by reason of any adt, matter, or thing done, or forborne to be done, in execution of or in consequence of the said orders, or either of them, be, are, and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this adt; and that if any action or fuit shall be prosecuted and commenced against any person or persons for or by reason of any luch adt, matter, or thing, fo done, or forborne to be done, he,

{he, or they, may plead the general iffue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence; and if the plaintiff* or plaintiffs If plaintiffs in in.any action or fuit lb to be prosecuted or commenced after the adhons profe-fixteenth day of January laft, in that part of Great Britain called fenced1 England, shall become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or jan. 16,179^ suffer difcontinuance, or if a verdict pals againll such plaintiff or become 11011-plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or &e.the their double cofts, for which he, {he, or they, shall have the like recoverd^u-0 remedy as in cafes where the costs by law are given to defen- ble cofts. dants ; and if any such action or fuit as aforesaid shall be commenced

law relating to the cuitoms or excile, the commiihoners or may releaie Majesty’s cuftoms, on evidence given to their satisfaction them, on such goods, wares, merchandize, or effedts, were brought,

So

Defendants in actions alrea-

ply to the court to (top proceedings, &c.

Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 15. [1795*

menced or prosecuted after the said sixteenth day of January, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland\ the court before which such action or fuit shall be commenced or profecuted, (hall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow him his double costs of fuit in all such cafes as aforefaid.

III.  And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

,  if any action or fuit, prosecution or other proceeding, hath been

ccd, may ap- alreacty commenced against any person or perfons, or against any

goods, wares, merchandizes, or effedfs, fhips, vefiels, boats, horfes, cattle, or carriages, which the said commifiioners shall order to be releafed, as aforesaid, for or by reason of any aft, matter, or thing, done, or forborne to be done, in execution of or in con-fequence of the said orders, or either of them, it shall and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders, in any such adiions or fuits, prosecutions or proceedings refpedtively, in whatever courrs in Great Britain such actions or fuits, prosecutions or proceedings, shall have been commenced, to apply to such courts refpedlivel-y to stay all proceedings therein refpedli vely, by motion in a fum-mary way ; and such courts or court are hereby required to make order for that purpose accordingly; and the court or courts making such order fhall, if they shall think fit, award and allow to the defendants or defenders refpedtively, such colls of fuit as such court or courts shall think proper, for which such defendants or defenders shall respectively have the like remedy as in cafes where the colls are by law given to defendants or defenders.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it shall and may be lawful for any persons or person to im-

fubjedts of the Port or bring into any of the ports of this kingdom, any goods. United Pro- wares, merchandizes, and effects whatfoever, belonging to any of yinces, com- the subjects of the United Provinces, or to any persons who, be-thence^c f°re n^neteent^ day January laft, were inhabitants of the maybe land- feid United Provinces, or belonging to any subject of his Majesty, ed and ware- or to any subject of any country in amity with his Majesty, com-houfed, &c. ing from any part of the United Provinces; and also any like -goods, wares, merchandizes, and effedts, from any part of Europe, Ajia, Africa, or America, in amity with his Majesty, in vessels belonging to any subject of the United Provinces, or to any persons ,who, before the nineteenth day of January laft, were inhabitants of the said United Provinces^ or to any subject of his Majesty, or of any country in amity with his Majesty, and bound to any port ‘ of the United Provinces; and the fame shall and may be landed in the presence of the proper officers of the cuftoms, and secured in warehouses under the joint locks of his Majesty and of the proprietors thereof, at the risk and expence of the said proprietors ; such warehouses to be approved of.by the commilfioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, or any four or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the commilfioners of his Ma-jefty’s customs in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ or any three or more of them refpedtively, or by the principal officers of

the

Goods belonging to

I795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. x6—18.  81

the port where such goods shall be imported ; and the Raid com-miftioners reflectively shall and are hereby authorised and required to make Rich regulations, and to give Rich directions as they may deem necessary for securing the Raid goods, wares, merchandizes, and effedfs, for the benefit of the proprietors thereof, and for the security of the revenue, until further provisions (hall be made by parliament respecting the fame.

V.  Provided always, and' be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to suspend the operation of this adt, or any part thereof, and to renew the fame in the whole or in part, for Rich time, and in Rich manner, as shall be thought expedient and proper.

VI.  Provided always, and be it enabled, That it shall be lawful to alter or repeal this present adt, and every or any thing therein contained in this present session of parliament.

His Majesty in council may suspend the operation of this ad.

Adt may be altered or repealed this feflion.

CAP. XVI,

An ad for applying certain sums of money, railed in the county of Derby, by virtue of several acts of parliament made refpebting the militia of tins kingdom.—[March i6, 1795.]

Eight thousand pounds raised in the county of Derby under the militia adts, to be paid to the trcafurers of the lubfcriptions for railing men for the defence of the kingdom, and in default of payment it may be recovered at law. Perlbns fo paying money, and all concerned in railing it, indemnified. The treasurers in the first place to pay the expences of this ait, and apply the remainder of the money in their hands towards railing, fee. troops for the internal defence of the kingdom,

CAP. XVII.

An aft for appointing commissioners to put in execution an adt of this lellion of parliament, intituled, An ad for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand (even hundred and ninety-live, together with those named

in two former ads, for appointing commissioners of the land tax.--

[March i6; 1795.]

CAP. XVIII.

An aft to repeal an aft made in the la ft fejjion ofparliament, intituled,

An adt to enable his Majesty to establish a court of criminal judicature in Norfolk Ijland: and for the better enabling his Mafejly to establish such court in the fald Ijland.—[March 16,

1795*3

WHEREAS by an aft made and pajfcd In the twenty-feventb Preamble.

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An adt to 27 Geo. 3. c„ enable his Majesty to establish a court of criminal judicature on ana the eastern coast of New South Wales, and the parts adjacent; it is enafted, That his Majcjly may, by bis commlffion under the great feat, authorise the person to be appointed governor, or the lieutenant governor in the absence of the governor, of the eajftern coast of New

Vql. XL#  G  '  '  South

8z Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1795.

South Wales, and the IJlands adjacent thereto, to convene, from time to time, as occasion tnay tequire, a court of judicature, for the trial and punishment of all such outrages and mi/behaviours, as if committed within this realm would be deemed and taken, according to the laws of this realm, to be treafon, or misprision thereof felony, or mijdemeanor, which said court shall proceed to try such offenders after the manner therein mentioned: and whereas from the increased number ofperfons in Norfolk Ifland, being one of thefaidijlands adjacent to theJaid eastern coajl of New South Wales, and from the delay and difficulty attending the conveyance of pr if oners from the said Norfolk Illand to his JMajefiy s fettle?nent on the said eajlern coajl ^ New South Wales, the due execution of the said aft hath been greatly retarded and impeded : and whereas for remedy thereof and to the end that the benefits of the said aft might be more effectually extended to his Majeftjs fet-%  tlement on Norfolk Ifland, an aft was made and pajfed in the hft

34 Geo. 3.  session of parliament, intituled, An a6t to enable his Majesty to efta-

c. 45? recited, bjjfh a COurt of criminal judicature in Norfolk Ifland: and whereas the provisions of the said la ft mentioned aft are insufficient for the pur-pofes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient to repeal the fame, and to make such provisions for the said purpojes as are intended to be hereby made; be it therefore enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, 34 Geo.. 3. c, ancj b y the authority of the fame, That the said a£I, palled in thelaft 45> repea e . pe^on Qf parliament, and every claufe, matter, and thing, therein contained, shall be, and the fame is, and are hereby repealed.

II. And be further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his His Majesty Majesty may, by his commission under the great feal, authorise may authorise the lieutenant governor, or perfon.for the time being adminifter-govem^r ofnt *n£ t^le governmei)t of his Majesty’s settlement in Norfolk Ifland, Norfolk to convene, from time to time, as occasion may require, a court Ifland, tocon- of judicature for the trial and punishment of all such outrages and vene a court rnifbehaviours, as if committed within this realm would be deemed for trial^of^ an<^ ta^en? according to the laws of this realm, to be treafon, or offenders:  misprision thereof, felony, or mifdemeanor; which court fhall

confift of the judge advocate, to be appointed in and for his Ma-who are to  jefty’s settlement in Norfolk Ifland, together with four officers of his

be members  Majesty’s forces by sea or land, and shall proceed to try all perfons

they5are to°W w^° °ffen<^ m any °f the premifes, by calling such offenders proceed. respectively before them, by causing the charge against him, her, or them refpe&ively, to be read over, which charge shall also be reduced into writing, and shall be exhibited to the said court by thejudge advocate, and by examining witnesses upon oath, to be administered by such court, as well for as against such offenders reflectively, and afterwards adjudging by the opinion of the major part of the persons composing such court, that the party accused is or is not {as the cafe shall appear to them) guilty of the charge, and by. pronouncing judgement therein (as upon a conviction by verdict) of death, if the offence be capital, or of such corporal punifhment, not extending to capital punifhment,. as to the said court shall seem meet j and in cafes not captital, by o  pronouncing

I79i>-ji Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19.  83

pronouncing judgement of such corporal punishment not extending to life or limb, as to the said court shall fee,m meet.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Provoft mar-the provost marshall or other officer to be for that purpose ap- shall to exe-pointed by such lieutenant governor, or person for the time being ^Vment administering the government of his Majesty’s settlement in Nor- court! ° folk Ijland as aforesaid, shall cause due execution of such judgement to be had and made, under and according to the warrant

of such lieutenant governor, or person for the time being admi-niftering the government of his Majesty’s settlement in Norfolk lumbers con If and as aforesaid, under his hand and feal, and not otherwise : curjn adjudg-provided always, That execution shall not be had or done on"any ing capital capital convibf or convifts, unl'efs four persons present in such offenders, the court shall concur in adjudging him, her, or them, fo accused and ^o°be tranF tried as aforesaid, to be refpeblively guilty, until the proceedings mittedtohis shall have been transmitted to his Majesty, and by him approved. Majesty.

IV.  And be it further enabted by the authority aforesaid, That Court to be a the said court shall be a court of record ; and shall have all such court of re* powers as, by the laws of England, are incident and belonging to corc*'

a court of record.

V.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Thftacff not neither this abl, nor any commission or commissions which shall to affect. any be granted by virtue thereof, nor any proceedings which may be und^Gthe^re-had under the fame, shall in any manner revoke, alter, prejudice, cited a<fts,

or affebt, any commission or commissions heretofore granted by urilefs fpeci-virtue of the said abb of the twenty-feventh year of his prefentfie,d'in com-Majefty’s reign, or of the said a 61 hereby repealed, or any Pr°-'^4nted under ceedings under the fame refpebtively, further or otherwise than ft. in such commission or commiffions, which shall be fo granted* by virtue of this present abb, shall be provided, exprefled, and declared.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for rendering more effectual an aft of the present fejfion of par-liament, intituled. An abb for railing a certain number of men, in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majesty’s navy.—[March 27, 1795.]

WH E R E A S by an aft ?nade and pa fed in this Jeff on of par- Preamble.

liament, intituled. An a61 for raising a certain number of 3 5 Geo.#3* men, in the several counties in England, for the service of his rechcd« Majesty’s navy; the yuflees of the peace op the several counties at large, ridings, or divifions, in England and Wales, are dir eft ed to afemble themjelves together at a court of general fejfions, to be holden for carrying the said aft into execution: and whereas the jujlices df certain cities, towns, or boroughs, named in the said aft, being re-fpeftively counties of themfelves, and also the jujlices of the cinque perts9 and of the liberty of the tower, are dir eft ed to assemble themfelves, together with the jujlices of certain counties at large, ridings, or divifions% and to form a pdrt of the said rejpeftive courts of general jefftons, to be holden as aforefaid: may it therefore please your Majesty that it

o 2  may

 Goode

S4 Anno regtu tricesimo qmnto Georgii III. c. 19. [1795.

niay he enabled : and be it enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the adviee and consent of the lords fpirituaL and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled. Such j 11 dices and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful of the cities, for such of the justices of the peace of the several cities* towns, recited^df anc^ ^orouS^s’ named in the said aft, being counties of themfelves, being counties an<-l °f  cinque ports and liberty aforesaid, who shall have

of them'elves, duly qualified themselves to aft, and shall have acted before the as shall have palling of the said aft, as such justices respectively within the proper limits of their respective jurifdiftions, and no other, to af-femble themselves at such court of general feftions, for the pur-pofe of carrying into execution the purposes of the said aft, together with such of the justices of the county at large, riding, or divifion, who shall also be qualified, and (hall have acted in

qualified, and acted before palling that aft, may aftenable at the general sections with

juftices of the like Planner, and that the justices lb duly qualified and acting as

county at large, to put recited aft in execution.

4:

juftices oft he diviftons &f Lincolnfhire., may put act

aforefaid, being fo aftembled at such court of general feftions, or at any adjournment thereof, shall not have, or be deemed or adjudged to have, any authority, power, or jurifdiftion, what-foever, in or over any matter or thing whatever (other than in and for the execution of the powers expressly given them by the said aft).

II, And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the justices within the several diviftons of the county of Lincoln, shall have power to put the laid aft in execution in all things in execution - within their, jurifdiftion, as fully and amply as the justices of any in their jurist county or riding are thereby empowered to execute the fame, diffton.  . j{J# And whereas the churchwardens and overjeers of the poor in

or appointed for any parijh, tything, or place, who fall refpediively he in office at the commencement of the said are dAeLled to raije the ’  '  number  of  men  appointed to he raifedfor their rejpeftive difiridls, and

to levy the money agreed to he paid for bounties, or imposed as fines in certain cafes : ana whereas the powers of the said a Li may not he fully executed before the iijiial time in the year of their going out of office, and appointing others in their ftead\ be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the justices of the peace, abling in and for the

fetty feffion, may order parish officers

office till they completely execute the aft.

to continue in respective districts or diviftons at their respective petty feftions, (whenever they {hall fee occafion, by reason of any of the powers of the said aft remaining unexecuted, in part or in the whole, at any time previous to, or on the appointment of other churchwardens or overseers for the fame place or places), by any order under the hands and seals of any two or more of them, to order and direft the churchwardens and overfeers, who shall have been in office at the commencement of the said aft, to continue in their said respective offices, for the purposes of effectually and completely carrying into execution the powers and trusts given or vested by the said aft; and such churchwardens or overseers shall by virtue of the laid order, (notwithftanding other churchwardens or overleers shall have been or may be appointed for the fame place or places respectively for general purposes) continue to have and exercise all the powers and jurisdictions incident or belonging to their respective offices, or given or vested in them by the said aft,

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. T9.  85

or this aft, To far as the fame are necertary to carry into execution the powers of the said aft, or this aft, and (hall continue to do and perform all the like duties and offices required to he done or performed by them respectively by the said aft, or this aft, as fully and effectually, and under the like pains, penalties, and for^ feitures, as they reflectively could, might, or ought to have, do,' or perform the fame, or any of them, at any time after the commencement of the said act, and before such appointment of other churchwardens or overseers for the fame place or places for general purposes as aforesaid ; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Juft ices may, churchwarden or overseer (hall die or remove from the place for Q^ers which he was appointed, or become insolvent before the expiration p}ace Qf such of his office or duty under the said aft, or this aft; on oath thereof as may die, made, it (hall be lawful for such justices of the peace as aforesaid to remove, or be-appoint another churchwarden or overseer in his (lead, for the pur-

pofe of completely carrying the said aft, and this aft, into execution, who (hall continue in office accordingly; and in cafe of removal, Such as re-fuch churchwarden or overseer (hall give an account on oath to ^^coun^on the said justices of all matters and things done by him in the exe- oat^ to the cution of the said aft, and (hall comply with such orders and juftices, and directions as he (hall receive from the said justices touching the the executors execution of the said aft, under the like penalties as are inftifted on churchwardens and overseers in office for any neglect of duty ; become infol-and in cafeof the death or insolvency of such churchwarden or over- vent to obey feer, his executors, administrators or affigns, (hall, within forty their order, days after his decease or infolvency, in pursuance of any order, in writing, signed by any two such justices as aforesaid, attend such juftices, and give an account to the best of their knowledge and belief of all things done by such person deceased or insolvent, touching the execution of the said aft, and (hall in like manner, and under the like penalties, comply with such orders as they (hall respectively receive from the said justices in relation to the > said aft, or this aft.

V.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Pari(h officers the churchwardens and overseers who are respectively required or authorised to empowered by the said aft, or this aft, to levy any money by a outof^oor^ rate, or to pay the amount of any bounty, or any part thereof, to rates &c# the men inrolled in his Majesty’s fervice, or to the treasurer of

the county, riding, or diviiion, for the purposes of the (aid aft,

(hall and may pay the fame out of any money in their or any of their hands of the rates for the relief of the poor; and if they, or any of them, (hall not have sufficient of such money for that pur-pofe, then such churchwardens and overseers (hall, and they are hereby required to make a rate for the relief of the poor sufficient to satisfy all probable claims arifmg or to arise thereon, by virtue of the (aid aft, or this aft, in respect of the said bounties, or in respect of the poor as soon after the palling of this aft as conveniently may be, and fo as the money for such bounties may be ready to be paid or advanced at the time of enrolment; and it (hall be lawful for the said churchwardens or overseers to levy and

G 3  collect

86  .  Annoregni  tricesimoquinto Georgii 111. c. 19. [1795-

collect the fame in such manner as rates made for the relief of the poor may be levied and colledfed, (except as herein-after is other-wife provided),, and that such rates being published and allowed as rates for the relief of the poor are by law directed to be published and allowed, the said churchwardens and overseers shall and may proceed to collect the fame notwithstanding any appeal from such rate may be pending ; and no such rate, after any application thereof, or any part thereof, for the payment of such bounties, shall be totally quashed or fet aside for any cause whatever, but the fame shall and may. be amended in such manner as Limitation of shall be necessary for giving relief; and if any action or fuit shall actions. be brought against any person or persons for any thing done in the levying or collecting the said rate in pursuance of this adt, the fame (hall not be brought until fourteen days notice thereof in writing shall have been given to such person or perfons, nor after a sufficient fatisfadtion, or a tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, nor after fix calendar months next after the fact committed, and every such action shall be brought in one of the courts of record at tVeJxmtnjler, or of the great felTions in Wales, as the cafe may require, and shall be laid in the county where the cause of action (hall a rife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or fuit shall and may plead the General iflue. general iffue, and give the said adt, and this adt, and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of the said adt, and this adt, and if the fame shall appear fo to be done, or if such action or fuit shall be brought after the time herein-before limited for the bringing the fame, or without fourteen days notice thereof, or in any other county or place, or after a sufficient fatisfac-tion made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the jury fhali find for the defendant or defendants ; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuit, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or Treble colts, plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have treble coffs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for coffs of fuit in any other cafes by law.

A Fines to be VI. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That all fines levied on the vvhich by the said adt may be levied of any inhabitant or inhabi-offendersonly. tants Qf any panffo or place by a rate, shall be levied against such inhabitant or inhabitants only who (hall be adjudged to be guilty of any neglect or default, by a rate made on such inhabitant or inhabitants refpedtively, under the like powers and methods, as rates for the relief of the poor are authorised by law to be made i Method of provided always. That in cafe any person or persons shall find him, appealing. her, or themselves aggrieved by any rate or assessment made for the relief of the poor, whereof any part shall be necessarily applicable, or shall have been applied for the payment of any bounty or bounties in pursuance of the said adt, or this adt, every such person or persons fhall, and he and they is and are hereby required to make his or their appeal to the justices of the district or divi-

*795-] Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19.  87

fion where such place or places are fituate, at the next petty

feffions of the peace holden for the fame district or divifion, and not

to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace for the county,

riding, corporation, or franchife; and the justices of the peace

affembled at such petty sessions are hereby authorised and required,

on proof of reasonable notice to the churchwardens or over-

feers making such rate, to receive such appeal, and to hear and

finally determine the fame : provided always. That this act (hall A<ft not to ex-

not extend to any appeal to any rate, where the fame is notappli-  rates^

cable or has not been applied in part or wholly to the purposes of nQt applicable

the said adl, or this adl.  tothepurpo-

VII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- fcs of this ad. rity aforefaid. That if it {ball appear to such juftces at such petty Where rates sessions that such rate cannot be conveniently collected within due ^^ed^^due* time for payment of the said bounty or bounties, and sufficient tjme> petty monies shall not be in the hands of the said churchwardens or feffions1 may overseers to satisfy the fame, it shall and may be lawful for such grant certifi-juftices to make order therein, and grant a certificate thereof, t^9est°

and of the amount of the bounty or bounties, and sum or sums cdve°of the" wanting to defray the fame, directed to the receiver general of ianci tax, &c. the land tax for the county, or to the colledlor thereof for the who shall ad-diftridl, or any of the colledlors of customs or excise of the divi- ^nce^f mG' fion where such justices shall adl, as to such justices shall seem ne^* most expedient, upon producing of which certificate to the officer to whom the fame shall be diredled, he shall be obliged to advance the futn mentioned in such certificate to be wanting as aforesaid, to be paid to the^perfon or persons enrolled, or to the treasurer of the county, or to either of -them, in such proportions as shall be directed by such certificate, out of any publick monies in his hands, and such officer fo advancing the fame, shall be reimbursed by an order of the justices at the petty sessions for the fame district or divifion, with all charges necessarily incurred, out of the first monies which shall come into the hands of the refpedcive churchwardens and overseers of the poor, of the rates for the relief of the poor, within and for the respective parishes or places for which the men, to whom or to whole use such monies were respectively advanced, were raised in pursuance of the said adl.

VIII.  And whereas there may he occafon for quartering the officers appointed by the commissioners of the admiralty in pursuance of the said adi^ and their affiftants, before any men are enrolled\ and of opening

houfes of rendezvous for the purpose of receiving such men ; be it fur- Officers ap-ther enadled, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter and billet pointed by the the officers appointed by the commissioners of the admiralty to thd™^

36! in the execution of the said adl, and their respective affiftants, may ^ qUar^ in such manner, and under such and the like powers, rules, re- tered, and gulations, reftridlions and provifions, as the men to be inrolled places of renin his Majesty’s service by virtue of the said adl may be quartered dezvo.us aP~ and billetted: and that each and every the house or houses andp place or places where such officers shall be quartered or billetted, or such of them as shall be thought neceffary, it shall be lawful (or the several and respective justices of the peace, having author

a 4  1  jrit|

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Geoegii III. c. 20. [1795.

rit-y to a hi in the execution .of the said abl, or any two or more of them, by their order in writing, under their hands and feals, to appoint and constitute a place or places of rendezvous for the reception of men inrolled by virtue of the said abl.

CAP. XX.

An Gut for granting certain duties of cujloms on the importation of fruit, Jaliad oil, wafe Jilk, and timber, and on the exportation of British rockfait and coaL—[March 27, 1795*]

Preamble.

From April 5, 1795, the duties in schedule A. to be paid on importation, and in schedule B. on exportation of certain goods, and the drawbacks in A. allowed.

Duties to be under the management of the cuftoms.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubjebts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aftembled, towards raising by the most easy means the neceftary supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several duties of customs herein-after mentioned, and do mod; humbly be-feech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth day of April one thou sand [even hundred and ninety-five, there shall be rafted, levied, collected, and paid, untohis Majesty, his heirs and fucceitors, in ready money, without any discount whatever, upon the importation into the kingdom of Great Britain from parts beyond the feas, of the several and refpeblive goods, wares, or merchandize, enumerated and de-r scribed in the schedule and table hereunto annexed, marked A. and also upon the exportation from the kingdom of Great Britain, of the several and refpebtive goods, wares, or merchandize, enumerated and described in the schedule and table hereunto annexed, marked B. the several duties of customs as the fame are refpec-tiveiy inserted and fet forth in figures, in the said schedule and table's hereunto annexed relpebtively marked A. B. and fo in that proportion for any greater or Jefter quantity ; all which duties shall be, over and above all other duties which are now due and payable by any law on any of the said goods, wares, or merchandize refpeblively, (other than the duties on waste filk, and on masts of twelve inches or upwards diameter, herein-after repealed); and that there shall be paid and allowed the several drawbacks of the said duties of customs fo imposed by this act, as the fame are aifo respectively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth, in figures, in the said schedule and table marked A. and in the like proportion as aforefaid.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That such of the duties of customs by this act imposed as {hall arise in that part of Great Britain called England, (hall be under the management of the commiftioners of the cultoms in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great

Britain

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 20.  89

Britain called Scotland, (hall be under the management of the eommiflioners of the customs in Scotland for the time being.

III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the Duties and said several sums of money fo respectively inferted, defcribed, and fet be^Tvied^and for^h in the said schedule and tables marked A. and B. as the duties allowed agree-of cuftoms, and the drawbacks of the duties of cuftoms, upon, for, ablyto^Geo. or in respect of the several goods, wares, or rtierchandize, inserted 3* c* I3> therein, shall and maybe respectively managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, colleded,anfwered, paid, recovered, and allowed, in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the means, ways or methods, by which the duties of customs and the drawbacks thereof imposed and allowed on the like goods, by an ad, palled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, jin add for repealing the several duties ofcufoms and ex cfe, and granting other duties in lieu thereof; andfor applying the said duties, together with the other duties xompofing the publick revenue ; for permitting the i?n-portation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom \ and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, were or might be managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, recovered and allowed; and the said goods, wares, or merchandize, fo by this aft respectively made liable to the payment of or chargeable with duties of cuftoms, or fo entitled to drawbacks of duties of customs as respectively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth, in the said schedule and tables hereunto annexed, marked A. and B. upon importation thereof into or exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other account whatever, shall be, and the fame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftridions, and forfeitures, to which the like goods, wares, or merchandize, were subject and liable, by any aft or ads of parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this ad; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever committed againft, or in breach of any ad or ads of parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this ad, made for securing the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several claufes,powers, and directions therein contained, fhall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, prac-tifed, and put in execution, for and in respect of the several duties of cuftoms, and drawbacks of duties of cuftoms, hereby refpec-tively charged and allowed, (as far as the lame are applicable thereto), in as full and atfiple a manner, to all intents and pur-pofes whatever, as if all and every the said ads, claufes, provisions, powers, diredions, fines, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this ad.

IV.  Provided always, That nothing in this ad contained (hall Coals allowed extend, or beconftrued to extend, to charge, with the additional duty by this ad imposed on coals exported, the several quantities of ca^ie and £ oals flowed to be exported annually from the ports of Newcaflleand Swanfea, tp Y  ‘  Spjanfeq

Dy 

go Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 20. [1795,

Jerfey, &c.by Swanfea refpeftively, to the islands of Jerfey, Guernfey, and AU

40. derne\\ by an aft, parted in the sixth year of the reign of his pre-not liable to r <1 n t■ v n L , ♦  \  Jr  ,,  •  •

additional ient Majelty, (amongit other things),for allowing the exportation

duty.  of certain quantities of coals, free from the payment of the duty

granted by an aft, made in the then last session of parliament, to the islands of Jzrfey-> Guernjey> and Alderney, fo as the fame be exported under the conditions, regulations, reftriftions, and limitations, in the said aft of the sixth year of his prelent Majesty’s reign contained.

Duties impof- V, And be it further enafted, That thefeveral duties of cuf-ed by^a^ Geo. toms imp0fed by the said recited aft, palled in the twenty-feventh importation year °f the reign of his present Majesty, upon the importation, of mails of a into the kingdom of Great Britain from parts beyond the Teas, of certain diame- masts twelve inches or upwards in diameter, and also the advalo-^valorem6 rem ^ut*es payable on waste filk, not therein enumerated or deduties on fcribed, and the drawbacks allowed thereon, shall cease and deter-waftefilk, not mine, and be no longer paid or payable, lave and except, in all enumerated, cafes relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any arrears ahowed^to^k t^ereo^* refpeftively, which may, on and immediately before the ceafe.  palling of this aft, remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or

forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto refpec-tively, which fhalf have been incurred at any time before the palling of this aft.

Dutiestobe VI. And be itfurtner enacted by the authority aforesaid, That co^fohdated C the monies from time to time arising by the several duties by fund.  this aft imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raifing

and accounting for the fame respectively excepted), fhall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer at Wejlminjler \ and the said money fo paid into the exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund. Duties to be VII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the mo-applied in de- njes to arjfe from the said duties, or fo much thereof, as shall be increafed^ fufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for charge occa- the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any fioned by any loan to be made, or stock to be created, by virtue of any aft or ieffion^ and a(^s t0  *n ^'ls Pe^ori parliament; and that the said mo-

for °o years to nies5 during the space of ten years next enfuing, shall continue to be kept fepa- be paid into the said receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, dillinftly rate from and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and pthtr monies. there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book of books, in which all the monies arising from the said duties paid into the said receipt by virtue of this aft fhall, together with the monies arising from any other duties granted in this fellion of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, upon any account whatever*.

SCHEDULE

9*

1795*3 Anno regni trioefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 20. SCHEDULE

To which this a & refers*

TABLE A.

Goods imported into this kingdom.

Duty.

Drawback.

Raifins of the fun, the hundred weight Smyrna raifins, the hundred weight Lexia raifins, the hundred weight Faro raifins, the hundred weight Lipraox Belvidere raifins, the hundred ?

weight —  —  —«■  J

Denia raifins, and all other raisins not 1 otherwise enumerated, the hundred S weight —  —  3

Lemons, the thousand  —

Oranges, the thousand  —

Sallad oil, the gallon f —

Silk knubs, or husks of filk, the pound ?

containing sixteen ounces  j

Wade filk, not otherwise enumerated T or defcribed, the pound contain- > ing sixteen ounces  —  3

Wafte filk, not otherwise enumerated "J or defcribed, .imported by the East ( India company, the pound contain- C ing sixteen ounces  —  J

Mahogany, the foot square superficial ?

meafure  —■  •—  j

Balks, imported from any part of Eu--\ rope, five inches square and under I eight inches fquare, or if twenty- > four feet in length or upwards, the I one hundred and twenty — J Balks, imported from any part of Eu-1 rope, under five inches fquare, and ( under twenty-four feet in length, f the one hundred and twenty  J

Battens, imported from any part of Europe, eight feet in length and not exceeding twenty feet in length, not above seven inches in width, and not exceeding two inches three I quarters in thicknefs^ the one hun- I dred and twenty  —•  j

£- s• ^ 4 7 4 4

2 3 2 3 o 11

Q I 6

Q O 14

i 6  6

o 10  8

0 13 3

ck

4

7

4

4

2 3 2 3 o 11

014

o o i!~

166

o 10 8

0 13 3

Goods



Goods imported into this kingdom.

Battens, imported from any part of") Europe, exceeding twenty feet in | length, not above seven inches in I width, or if exceeding two inches /*• three quarters in thicknefs, the one ] hundred and twenty — J Batten ends, imported from any part") of Europe, under eight feet in length, | not above seven inches in width, • and not exceeding two inches three j quarters in thicknefs, the one hun- ! dred and twenty  —  J

Batten ends, imported from any part' of Europe, under eight feet in length, not above seven inches in width, and exceeding two inches three quarters in thicknefs, the one hundred and twenty  —

Beech quarters, imported from any" part of Europe, five inches square ’ and under eight inches fquare, or if twenty-four feet in length or )* upwards, the one hundred and twenty —  —

Beech quarters, imported from any part "j of Europe, under five inches square ( and under twenty-four feet in length, C the one hundred and twenty  J

Deals, imported from any part of Eu-q rope, above seven inches in width, 1 exceeding twenty feet in length, y and not exceeding four inches in 1 thicknefs, the one hundred and |

twenty  —    J

Deals, imported from any part of Europe, above seven inches in width, exceeding twenty feet in length, and exceeding four inches in thicknefs, the one hundred and twenty Deals, imported from any part of Eu rope, above seven inches in width, " being eight feet in length and not above twenty feet inilength, and not exceeding three inches one quarter y in thicknefs, (except;deals not above ten feet in length and not exceeding one iqch and a half; in thicknefs), the one hundred and twenty

Duty.

£>•  s•

6 6

Drawback.

4 5

o 8 xo

6 6

o 10 8

2196

£•

d.

6 6

045

o 8 10

6 6

o 10 8

2 19

S 19 0

6 6

5 19 0

6 6

Goods



Goods imported into this kingdom.

Deals5 imported from any part of Eu-~) ropey above seven inches in width, being eight feet in length and not J above twenty feet in length, and y exceeding three inches one quarter in thicknefs, the one hundred and twenty  —  —

Deal ends, imported from any part of^ Europe, above seven inches in width, j being under eight feet in length, and I not exceeding three inches one r quarter in thicknefs, the one hundred and twenty  —

Deal ends, imported from any part of' Europe, above seven inches in width, being under eight feet in length, v> and exceeding three inches one quarter in thicknefs, the one hundred and twenty.  —

Fir quarters, imported from any part") of Europe, five inches square and I under eight inches fquare, or if)* twenty-four feet in length or up- | wards, the one hundred and twenty J Fir quarters, imported from any part of Europe, under five inches fquare, and under twenty-four feet in length the one hundred and twenty*

Fir timber, and timber of all forts, be-' ing eight inches square or upwards, imported from any part of Europe, (except oak timber, and timber of Ireland^ and fir timber, not exceed- )> ing ten inches fquare, of the growth 1 of Norwayy and imported directly from thence), the load containing • fifty cubic feet  —

Mafts twelve inches in diameter or upwards, imported in a Britifi-built fhip, the load containing fifty cubic feet  —

*-----imported in a foreign fhip, the ?

load containing fifty cubic feet  j

Ufers, imported from any part of Eu rope, five inches square and under | eight inches fquare, or if twenty- )* four feet in length or upwards, the j one hundred and twenty  J

ryj

lrtl e’ > M

Duty.

£• '•

2 13 o

o 8 10

o 17  8

1  6  6

010  8

0 3 4

0 10 o

o 10 6

1 <3 6

Drawback.

L- s' •

2 13 o

o 8 10

o 17

6 6

io 8

0 3 4

098

098'

x 6  6

Goods



Annoregni tricesimo qiainto Georgii III. c. 21, 22. [1795*

Goods imported into this kingdom.  Duty.  Drawback.

  £. sd.  £. s, d.

Ufers, imported from any part of Eu~*)    

rope under five inches fquare, and ( under twenty-four feet in length, ( the one hundred and twenty J  O  O  CO  OO  O  »■*  O

TABLE B.

Goods exported from this kingdom.

Duty.

Britijh rock fait, the bushel containing fixty-five ?

pounds —  —  —  J

Coals usually fold by meafure, exported to any place-(except to Ireland, the IJle of Man, any Britijh colony or plantation in America, or to the united Hates of America), the chalder, Newcaftle measure  —  —  —

Coals usually fold by weight, exported to any place-) (except to Ireland, the Ife of Man, any Britijh I colony or plantation in America, or to the united> Hates of America), the ton containing twenty \ hundred weight  —  —

£• s. d.

001

047

o 1 10

CAP. XXI.

An aft for railing a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five* [March 37, 1795•

CommifJioners of the treasury may raise 2,ooo,oool. by loans and'exche-quer bills before January 5, 1796, in like manner as is prescribed by the malt adt of this session concerning loans, &c. The claufes, &c. in the laid adt relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this adt. Exchequer bills fo ilfued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1796. Adtion not to lie for such refufil. Principal and interest with charges to be repaid out of the next fuppliesj and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1796, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies fo ilfued to be replaced out of the first fupplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this adt; an adt 5 and 6 Gul. Sc Mariae notwithltanding.

CAP. XXII.

An adt for raifmg a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five. [March 27, 1795.]

Commiffioncrs of the treasury may raise 1,500,000b by loans and exchequer bills before Jan. 5, 1796, in manner as by the malt adt of this session is prefcribed, &c. The clauses in the said adt relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills fo ilfued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1796. Adtion not to lie for such refufal. Money io raised to

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 23—27. 95

be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1796, to be charged on the consolidated fund.

Monies fo issued to be replaced out of the first fupplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this aft; an aft 5 and 6 Gul. & Marise notwithftanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft for granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commif-fioners for the reduction of the national debt.—[March 27, 1795.]

Rates to be applied in discharge of the money borrowed. Appeal. Limitation of aftions. General ilfue. Treble cofts. Publick aft.

CAP. XXIV.

An aft further to continue an aft made in the thirty-third year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cafes.

[April 28, 1795.^Continued to Jan. 1, 1796.

CAP. XXV.

An aft for further continuing an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

[April 28, 1795.]—Continued to June jo, 1796.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty’s dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, fo far as the fame relate to the trade and commerce earned on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united ftates.

[April 28,1795.]—Continued to April 5, 1796.

CAP. XXVII.

An aft for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an aft^ made in the lafi fejfion of parliament^ intituled^ An aft: for amending fo much of an aft5 pafTed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled,i An aft for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom/ as relates to the militia of the city of London; and for the better ordering the fame. — [April 28, 1795.]

WHEREAS an aft ivas pajfed in the loft fejfion of parliament, Preamble.

intituled^ An aft for amending fo much of an aft, pasted in 34 Geo. 3. the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late ma- c*  recite

jeftyKing Charles the Second, intituled,c An aft for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom/ as relates to the militia of the city of London, and for the better ordering the fame; and whereas several of the provisions and regulations in the said aft have been found defective \ and it is expedient that the said several provisions and regulations Jhould be repealed., and further powers granted for carrying the purposes of the said aft into execution : be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord’s spiritual and temporal,

96

Certain clauses of recited adit repealed.

Anno regni triceflmo quinto Georgii. III. c. 27. [1795.

poral, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the clause in the said recited a£t which directs, c that the private men to be railed by virtue thereof Should' be chosen by ballot;’ and alfo, the seven next following claufes, containing provisions and regulations relating thereto; and alfo, the clause which enacts, c that if the alderman, or deputy, and common council, of any ward, Should provide any volunteer or volunteers who Should be inrolled, and Should'give to such volunteer or volunteers not exceeding eight pounds each man, to serve for such ward, such alderman or deputy, and the major part of the common council, might make a rate upon the persons liable to serve or find substitutes for the said ward, to reimburse themselves such sums of money as they Should have paid to such volunteers;’ and alfo, the clause which enadts, ‘that the com-miffioned and non-commiffioned officers of the said militia Should receive the fame pay as those of the other militia forces of this kingdom, and that the private men might be put under -Stoppages;’ and alfo, the clause which enacts, 4 that the non-commiffioned officers, drummers, fifers, and private men of the said militia, Should have an allowance in lieu of quartersand also the clause which enadts, c that every militia man, fubftitute, or volunteer, inrolled, and every ferjeant, corporal, drummer, and fifer, railed by virtue of the said act, Should be Subject to every claufe, provi-fion, matter, and thing, contained in an a£t of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for amending, and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britian called England, as far as relates to the penalties and puniShments of militia men, ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, for the offences therein enumerated, and extends to the said militia men, fubfiitutes, and volunteers, the bounty and privileges therein fet forth;’ and alfo, the clause which enacts, ‘that the said militia, having been in actual service and difembodied. Should be subject to the fame orders, directions, and engagements only, as they were before such actual fervice;’ and alfo, the clause which provides for defraying the necessary charges of pay, clothing, trophies, and other incidental expences of the said militia; and alfo, the clause which extends the provi-fions of the several adts, made in the thirty-third and thirty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majefiy, to the families of the non commissioned officers and private men of the said militia; and alfo, the clause which enadts, ‘that when the said militia Should not be embodied, his Majesty’s commissioners of lieutenancy for the, city of London, when requisite and neceSTary, might order the serjeants and corporals of the said two regiments to have poSTefiion of their clothes, arms, and accoutrements, and with officers to be kept in constant readinels to be put under the orders of the mayor or other magistrates of the said city, for the suppression of riots, or any other requisite dutyand alfo, the clause which directs the modes of recovery, and the application of fines, penalties, and forfeitures by the laid adt impofed, {hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed*

II. And



1795• ] Ann0 regni tricesimo quinto Georgix III. c. 27.  97

II.  And be it further enabled, That the private men of the Men to be two regiments of militia, to be raised by virtue of the said abl, palled in the lad session of parliament, and of this abl, and which tions foliow* shall bedidinguifhed by the names ofthe East and Wejl Regiments, ing. shall be provided by the several wards of the city, and theli-berties and precinbls within the fame, in the proportions following ; that is to fay,

For the East Regiment, by the wards of

Aldgate, sixty men ;

Bajjijhaw, twelve men ;

Billingfgate, forty-one men;

Bifhopfgate Within, forty-four men ;

Bifhopfgate Without, fifty men ;

Bridge, twenty-fix men ;

Broad Street, fifty men;

Candlewick, twenty men ;

Coleman Street, thirty-fix men;

Cornhill, thirty-fix men;

Dowgate, twenty-seven men;

Langbourn, lixty-seven men;

ZfVw* Street, twenty men;

Portfoken, forty-five men; and

"Tower, fixty-fix men.

And for the /%/? Regiment, by the wards of

Alderfgate Within, and Saint Martins le Grj^,ei'ghteen men;

Alderfgate Without, twenty-one men;

Bread Street^ twenty-four men;

Caftle Baynard) forty-four men ;

Cheap, forty-four men;

Cordwainer, twenty-two men;

Cripplegate Within ^ forty-four men;

Cripplegate Without, thirty-fix men;

Farringdon Within, eighty-four men;

Farringdon Without, one hundred and ninety-two men;

Spueenhith, twenty-one men;

Vintry, twenty-three men; and

Walbrook, twenty-seven men.

III.  And be it further enabled, That his Majefly’s commif- CommiiHcm-fioners of lieutenancy that now are or hereafter shall be confli- ^ilTue tuted and appointed for the city of London, at their annual court p?ecJpts to^ in "January, fhall, and are hereby required to ifiue precepts to the aldermen, the said aldermen, deputies, and common council men of the &c. to cause said wards of the said city and liberties thereof, requiring them to cause the number of men, herein-before appointed to be raised . men to in their refpeblive wards, to be provided ; and the aldermen', or railed, to deputy, and common council men, of the several wards afore- whom they faid, or the major part of them, shall provide the number of men  &lve  10**

direbled to be raised in their refpeblive wards, who shall be fit  7*

Vol. XL.  H  and

9§  Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27. [17953

and able men, and be approved by the adjutant or other officer appointed by the said commissioners for that purpose, and who shall have not more than one child born in wedlock, and who shall reside in the said city or within three miles thereof; and the alderman, or deputy, and common council men of the several wards aforesaid, or the major part of them, (hall, and are hereby authorised and empowered, to give unto such men fo to be provided, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding ten pounds to Commiffion-  each man, to serve in the militia for each ward ; and the faid

ers to appoint commissioners shall appoint a court or courts to be holden, not ceive returns" t^lau twenty days, or more than forty days, after issuing such of men pro- precepts, to receive a return of such persons as shall befo provid-viiicd.  ed; and the alderman, or deputy, and common council men of

Aldermen,  the several wards aforesaid, or the major part of them, shall direct

&c. to direct the conllables, beadles, or other ward officers, to give notice in toC h^notice8 wr*^ng every person fo provided to appear at the said court, to th^perfons which notice shall be given at his or their usual place of abode, provided to at leaf! fix days before such court; and such conftable, beadle, appear at the or other officer, shall attend the said court, and make return on court, &c.  03^ Gf the days when such notices were served ; and every per-

fon fo provided shall upon such notice appear at such court, and if approved as aforesaid there take an oath in the words or to the effect following; that is to fay,

Oath to be t <ken by per-fonsapproved,

c T A. B. do sincerely promise andfwear, That 1 will he faithful\ c A and hear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do

*  fuuear that I am a protejlant, and that I will faithfully serve in the c militia of London, within the kingdom of Great Britian, for the

*  defence of the fame, during the term of five year for which I am 1 enrolled, unless IJhallhe sooner difebargedd

And every such person shall be enrolled (in a roll to be then and there prepared for that purpose) to serve in the militia of the city of London as a private man for the space of five years; and it shall be lawful for anyone of the said commissioners to administer the said oath.

IV.  And be it further ena&ed, That if any of the men providers may iiTue ed by or for the several wards in the said city and liberties fhall

t h e^Me rmen not aPPear> or not aPProved by the adjutant, or other Up’ officer appointed by the said commissioners to examine them, or deficiences. if through neglect, miftake, or any other caule, the full number of men appointed to be raised in any of the said wards shall not be duly enrolled at the court or courts appointed for that purpose, or if any militia man fhall, before the expiration of the term for which he was to ferve, die, or be appointed a ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the said militia, or be discharged in pursuance of the sentence of a court martial, or be otherwise regularly difeharged, then and in either of the said cafes the said commissioners may, and are hereby required, immediately to iiTue precepts to the faid'aldermen, deputies, and common council men, of the said wards wherein such deficiency or vacancy shall happen,

re-

who shall be enrolled to serve five years.

Commiffion.

99

1795‘T A*1110 regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27.

requiring them, or the major part of them, within ten days next following, to make good such deficiency or vacancy, or to provide other men, and fo as often as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the purposes of the said a<ft passed in the last War<jg not session of parliament, and of this a£1, into execution; and that if raifmg their the alderman, or deputy, and common council men, of any of quota, or not the wards aforesaid, or the major part of them, shall omit or re- filling up va-fufe to provide the quota or number of men herein appointed to beraifed by or for their said respective wards, or,having provided the said quota or number of men, any of them shall not be approved, or shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the oath, and be enrolled as herein-before mentioned, or shall die, or be promoted or difcharged, and others shall not be provided in their stead as aforesaid, the said ward shall in lieu thereof be charged with, and become liable to pay the sum of ten pounds for every man not fo provided, sworn in, and enrolled, which sum or sums of money shall be applied by the said commifiloners in providing men for the wards which shall have paid such sum or sums of money, who shall be sworn in and enrolled to serve for the fame time, and on the fame conditions, as if they had been provided by the aider-man, or deputy, and common council men of such wards refpec-tively as herein-before is directed ; and if any surplus of such monies shall remain, the fame shall be paid to the colonel, or ”f^the regf-fuch officer as he shall appoint, of the regiment for which such mental stock person shall ferve, and be applied as part of the regimental stock purfe. purfe.

V.  And be it further enadfted, That the alderman, or deputy, Aldermen, and common council men, of the several wards of the said city ^te to'defray and liberties, or the major part of them, fhall, and they are hereby theexpences* authorised and empowered to make an equal rate upon all and of railing men, every person and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, myfteries, fraternites, and brotherhoods, whether corporate, or not corporate, and the owners or occupiers of publick offices and buildings, who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, pollefs, or enjoy, any land, houfe, fhop, warenoufe, vault, cellar, or other tenement or hereditament, within their said several and refpecftive wards, and the liberties and precindfs within the fame, (regard being had, in making the said rate, to the abilities of, and likewise to the rent paid by, the said several person and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, myfteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and the owners and occupiers of publick offices and buildings), to defray the expen-ces of railing their quota or number of men to serve in the said militia herein-before directed to be provided by or for the feveral. and respective wards aforesaid, and all other incidental charges relating thereto.

VI.  And be it furtherena&ed, That in cafe any person or per- Perfons ag-fons shall think him, her, orthemfelves aggrieved by any rate or grimed may assessment to be made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for court of ^ them respectively to appeal to the court of mayor and aldermen mayor, Scc* of the said city, whose decision shall be final and conclusive ; pro-

h 2  vided

Rates may be levied by diftrefs.

No distress to be made out of the limits of the city, unless the warrant be backed by a magistrate of the place.

vided always, that notice of such appeal (hall be left in writing at the office of the town clerk of the said city, within ten days after the sum fo rated and assessed (hall be demanded, and such appeal (hall be made to the next court of mayor and aldermen of the said city after such notice shall be fo left as aforefaid.

VII.  And be it further enabled, That if any person or perfons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, myfteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, or the owners or occupiers of publick offices and buildings, who shall be rated and assessed by virtue or in pursuance of the said a£t paffied in the last session of parliament, or of this a61, (hall refuse or neglebl, by the space of fourteen days next after his, her, or their respective rate or rates, assessment or afteftments, shall be due and demanded by the collector or collectors authorised and appointed to collect and receive the fame, (fuch demand being left in writing at the land, houfe, (hop, warehoufe, vault, cellar, or other tenement, hereditament, premifes, or other property, poftefled, rated, or occupied by him, her, or them), to pay such rate or rates, afteffinent or affefirnents, fo demanded as aforesaid, and no notice of appeal shall be left as aforesaid, or such notice being fo left, if such appeal shall not be made to the next court of mayor and aldermen of the said city after such notice shall be fo left as aforesaid, then, and in every such cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for such collector or collectors, every or any of them, having a warrant or warrants under the hand and feal of the mayor or any other magistrate of the said city, (which warrant or warrants the said collector and collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the mayor, or any other magistrate of the said city, are hereby authorised and required to grant), and, with the assistance of a conftable, or any peace officer of the ward, county, city, or liberty, where the person or perfons, party or parties, fo refusing or neglecting shall refide, there to seize and distrain any of the goods and chattels of the person or persons fo neglecting or refusing to pay, and if the fame shall not be repleved, or such rate or affieffment paid, within five days next after such distress made, together with the costs and charges thereof, then to appraife and fell fo much and such part of the said goods and chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said rate or affeftinent, with the costs and charges attending such distress and fale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of such goods and chatties, the said costs and charges to be fettled and allowed by the said mayor, or other magistrate of the said city, who shall have granted such warrant or warrants refpecftiveJy : provided alfo, That no such distress fhall, by virtue of the said abt, passed in the last session of parliament, or of this a£f, be made out of the limits of the said city, and liberties thereof, unless such warrant or warrants re-fpedlively shall be first backed or countersigned by some magistrate of the county, city, or liberty, where such distress is pro-pofed to be made, which warrant or warrants any magistrate who shall be applied to for that purpose shall forthwith back or countersign without fee or reward.

o  VIII.  And

I

I

r795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27.  101

VIII.  And be it further enadted, That if any such collector or Penalty on :olIedtors shall refuse or neglect to apply for such warrant or making warrants as aforesaid, or to make such distress and fale, pursuant trefs, justices :o the directions of this -act, except in cafes where such distress not backing (hall be dispensed with by the alderman, or his deputy, and the warrants, and jrommon council men, of each respective ward, or the major part ^egle^ng to 1)f them, by writing under their hands, in respect of the poverty -m making of the party or parties affeffed, such colledtor or collectors fhall, diftrefs. for every such refusal or negleCt, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds ; and if any justice of the peace, upon such application to lim made to back or countersign such v/arrant or warrants as iforefaid, shall refuse or negleCt fo to do, such justice (hall, for wery such refusal or negledt, forfeit and pay the sum of five founds; and if any constable be called upon by any collector or ;o!le£tors, having such warrant or warrants, shall refuse or neg-!e6t to aid and assist him or them in making such distress and fale, le fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty hillings.

;  IX.  Provided  always^  and  be  further  enafted,  That  if  any in- Houfeholdenj

habitant householder of any ward shall offer himfelf, and volun- o^m^ght rarity serve in his own right as a private in the said militia, (being empted fron> approved of, sworn in, and enrolled as aforefaid), for the term of the rate, five years, he shall be exempt from paying the said rate for any house or premises he shall then or in future inhabit within the .aid city and liberties; any thing in this a£t contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

j X. And be it further enacted. That the alderman, or his Aldem^n^ (deputy, and the common council men, for the time being, in a(^hbrS \nd each ward within the said city or liberties, or the major part of to appoint them, shall be the assessors in their refpeCtive wards to charge all collectors, and every person and perfons, bodies politick and corporate,

1 guilds, myfteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and the owners or occupiers of public!? offices and buildings, liable to be rated in their respective wards as herein-before directed, and shall iikewife be the assessors of the trophy tax herein-after directed to be continued to be railed and I  paid,  and  shall appoint proper persons to collect the said rates and

tax, and pay or allow unto such collectors any sum or sums of . money,.not exceeding three-pence in the pound, upon the money fo collected.

XI.  And be it further enaCted, That if the alderman, or de- If aldermen, puty, and the common council men of any ward, or the major  t0

J r \  n  1.  r  r  to  •  t  ,  ,  PVOVjde men,

part ol them, lhall refule or neglect to provide tne men to be or pay for : railed by such ward as herein-before directed, according to the pre- them,* levy cepts issued to them for that purpose, or shall neglect or refuse to rates> Sec. the pay the sum of ten pounds for every man not fo provided as afore- n?a-Tevv°andS ; laid: and if the said alderman, or deputy, and common council apply them.

men, of any ward, or the major part of them, shall neglect or refuse ; to levy and raise the laid rate, or to assess the proporion of the trophy tax of such ward, the said commillioners lhall and are hereby further authorised to affefs, levy^ and raife, the (aid rate^ and aifo

n I  ,

Pay of the militia.

Men may be put under ftoppages.

Non-com-miffioned officers, &c. to have an allowance in lieu of quarters.

Commiffioners to take fe-curity from treasurers and clerks.

Militia men, Sec. fubjecft to 2.6 Geo. 3. as far as relates to penalties for not attending annual exercife, See. and entitled to the bounty granted thereby when on service beyond the limits of the

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III* c. 27, [1795.

the proportion of the trophy tax of such ward, the alderman, or deputy, and common council men of which (hall make such default, in like manner as the said alderman, or deputy, and com-* mon council men, are hereby empowered to raise and levy the fame ; and the said commissioners (hall apply the said rates, when received and recovered, in providing the quota of men, or fo many of them as {hall be wanting for the ward fo negle£ling or refufing.

XII.  And be it further enadled, That the commilTioned and non-commiilioned officers of the said militia {hall receive the fame pay as those of the other militia forces of this kingdom, and when assembled for the purpose of being trained and exercifed, the private men shall receive one {billing per day each man, during which time it {hall be lawful for the captain or commanding officer of every company to put the militia men of his company under ftoppages, not exceeding sixpence per day, for the purpose of providing them with linen, and also with {lockings and other necefTaries, and for defraying the expence of repairing any arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such militia man’s negle£l: provided always, That every such captain or commanding officer shall account with each militia man for such floppage, and after having deduced what {hall have been laid out and paid for the purposes aforesaid, shall pay the sum remaining (if there shall be any) into the hands of the militia man to whom the fame belongs, before such militia man shall be dismissed from such training and exercife.

XIII.  Andy in order to prevent the privileges of the said city from being infringed by the billetting or quartering of soldiers within the said city, be it further enabled, That the non-commiffioned officers, drummers, fifers, and private men, serving in the said militia* fhall, when embodied for annual exercise or otherwife, be in actual service within the city of London, be allowed, in lieu of quarters, at the rate of one {hilling and nine-pence per week each man, to provide lodging, in addition to their pay.

XIV.  Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the said commissioners fhall, and they are hereby required to take such security from the treasurer or treafurers, clerk or clerks, to be appointed by virtue of the said a<ft, for the due execution of their refpe£live offices, as shall be fatisfadiory to the said commiffioners.

XV.  And be it further enacted, That every militia man, being sworn in and inrolled, and every ferjeant, corporal, drummer, and fifer, raised by virtue of this acl, shall be subject to every claufe, provifion, matter, and thing, contained in the said a£t of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft for amending, and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, as far as relates to the penalties and punishments of militia men, ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, for not attending the annual exercife, for deferring during it, for not appearing when ordered to be embodied, for inlifting into the army or offering fo to inlift, or inlifting into any other militia, or for felling or pawning

their

T795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27.  103

their arms, accoutrements, or cioaths, or neglecting or refusing city; and be-to return them in good order, and (hall be proceeded against in "fetu^in manner directed by the said act; and the said militia men (hall be ^^piacef*** entitled to the fame bounty, when ordered out into actual service beyond the limits of the said city, or liberties thereof, as is granted by the said act; and every person having served in the said militia, when drawn out into actual fervice, being a married man, may fet up and exercise any trade in any town or place in Great Britain, as directed by the said act.

XVI.  And be it further enacted, That when the said militia, Militia when or part thereof, having been fo drawn out into actual service as difem bodied* aforesaid, shall be again duly difembodied, and the officers and orders^ t0 private men thereof dismissed to return to their several places of t^ey werebe-abode, the officers, non-commiffioned officers, drummers, and fore drawn private men, shall be subject to the fame orders, directions, and out* ■engagements only as they are made subject to under the pro-

vifions of the said act passed in the laffc session of parliament, and of this act, before they were fo drawn out into actual service as aforefaid.

XVII.  And be it further enacted, That, for defraying the ne- How the pay, ceffary charges of pay, cloathing, trophies, and other incidental ?f the expences of the said militia, it shall be lawful for the said com- ^l^^tobe miffioners to continue to raise and levy in every year, in manner ' herein-before directed, the proportion of one month's tax, amounting to four thousand fix hundred and fixty-fix pounds thirteen

{hillings and four-pence, which the said city hath been used to pay by virtue of the said act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An a£i for ordering the forces in the several counties of the kingdom, and shall be accountable for the fame; and in addition thereto, the receiver general of the land tax for the said city, fhall, and he is hereby required to issue and pay annually, to the treasurer appointed by the said commiffioners, fo much money as shall be neceffary, in aid of the trophy tax, towards the said expence of training, exercifing, paying, and keeping in readinefs, and other incidental expences of the said militia; and the receipt of the said treasurer fo appointed shall be a sufficient discharge to the said receiver general for the money fo to be issued and paid by him.

XVIII.  And be it further ena&ed, That when the said militia The commif-fhall not be embodied, according to the provisions of the said a£t lioners when passed in the last session of parliament, and of this a61, it shall and the m’htia 13 may be lawful for the said commiffioners, when and fo often as orde/thQ it shall seem to them requisite and neceffary, to order the ferjeants, non-commif-corporals, and privates, of the said two regiments, or fo many honed as to them may seem fit, to be put in polleffion of their cioaths, o^e^t^be arms, and accoutrements, and with their proper officers, or such pUt unjer t^e officers as they shall appoint, to be kept in conftapt readiness to orders of the be put under the orders of the mayor or other magistrates of the mapiftrates of said city, who shall have power and authority to call out the the cltT>

^yhple of the said ferjeants, corporals, and privates, or any part of

'ft 4  them*

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii XII. c. 27. [1795.

them, for the suppression of riots, or any other requisite duty for which they may be wanted, the said officers and men, when fo called out, to be subject to the fame penalties as are hereinbefore directed when the said militia (hall be actually embodied; and the said commissioners may order the said ferjeants, corporals, 'and privates, to be infpedfed and exercised fo often as they (hall think proper and necefiary.

XIX.  And be it further enadled, That every claufe, provifion, matter, and thing, contained in an a£! of parliament, passed in'the thirty- third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an aft of parlia?nent, passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty s reign, intituled, c An aft for amending, and reducing 4 into one aft of parliament, the laivs relating to the militia of that c part of Great Britain called England and also in an a<5t, passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft to amend an aft, passed in the last session of parliament, -intituled, c An aft to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to c serve in the militia of this kingdom, and offubftitutes serving therein', c and to explain and amend an aft of parliament, passed in the twenty-c sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled, u An aft for amending, cc and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the cc militia of that part of Great Britain called England;” and also c 16 to ex an rnac^e *n t‘qe fe^on parliament, intituled, An aft for tendtotheVa- augmenting the militia, {hail be deemed to extend to the families miliesof city of the said ferjeants, corporals, drummers, filers, and private men, militia.  of the said militia.

XX.  And, in order that the families of persons serving in the said militia may have the relief dire ft ed in and by the said aftts of parlia-inent, passed in the thirty-third and thirty fourth years of the reign of The alder- j0:s prfent Majesty ; be it further enadted, That the alderman, or divide "the*0 deputy, and common council men, of each of the laid wards, or quota of men the major part of them, {hall divide the quota of men to be raised amongst the in each ward amongst the parishes within fucb ward, and specify parilhes^and for which parish each man ferves, in order that the churchwardens wldclTeach or overf"eers of the poor of such parish may be resorted to for de-ferves, that fraying the expences of providing'for the families of such persons the parish of- serving in the militia as may become entitled to relief, in manner ficers may be as by the said a£fs are directed; and every person serving in the # defraying0the militia fnall be confidered, with respect to such relief, as a expences of substitute serving in the militia of any of the counties of this their families, kingdom ; and in cafe the alderman, or deputy, and common council men, of either of the said wards, or the major part of them, {hall omit or neglecf to divide the quota of men among the parishes in such respective wards, the said commissioners {hall, and are hereby authorised and empowered, to make such division for such ward or wards, and to order the parish for which such persons {hall be allotted to serve to be entered upon the roll hereinbefore directed to be provided, as well as the name of every perfon. to be inrolled as herein-befbre is mentioned,

XXL Provided

104

33 Geo. 3. c. 8.

34 Geo. 3. c. 47. and

34 Geo. 3.

1795*1 Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III.c. 27.  105

XXI.  Provided always, and be it further ena£led, That the Treafurer to treasurer for the time being to be appointed by the said com-miffioners (hall defray the monies directed to be paid by the order pes Gf militia* of any justice of the peace, for the relief of the families of the said men, &c. militia men, instead of the chamberlain of the said city; and that

the said treasurer shall have the fame remedy over againfi: the churchwardens or overseers of the poor for the parish for which the militia man whose family is relieved shall be allotted, for repayment of the money, as the chamberlain of the said city would have under or by virtue of the said ads of parliament, or either of them; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII.  And be it further enadled. That the adjutants ap-Adjutants to pointed, or to be appointed, to the said militia, who shall by age the fame or infirmity be rendered unfit for further fervices, shall be entitled thoib of the to the fame provision as is allowed to other adjutants of militia other militias by an a<51, palled in the thirty-third year of his prelent Majefly, intituled. An aft for defraying the charge of pay and cloathing of the

militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning with the twenty-fifth day of March one thousandfeven hundred and ninety-three; and for making provision for adjutants who have Jerved a certain time in the militia; and that any person being a and ferjeants, serjeant on the establishment of Chelfea, at an allowance of twelve- ’^benefit pence a day, and being appointed to serve in the said militia, chelfe^ shall and may receive the said allowance of twelve-pence a day, Hofpital. together with his pay from the said militia, in like manner as in other militia forces; and any person who shall have served as a ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the said militia, who-fhall be discharged for age or infirmity, fhall, on a recommendation from the commanding officer of the regiment to which he belongs, and the said com miffioners, be equally entitled to the benefit of Chelfea Hofpital with the ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, of the other militia forces of this kingdom.

XXIII.  And be it further enacted, That the provisions of an a<5l, pafied in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty ^

King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the rendering' jujlices q444  ex-

of the peace more safe in the execution of their office ; and for indemni- tend to the fying conjlables and others acting in obedience to their warrants, shall mayor, alder-extend to the said mayor and aldermen, and also to his Majesty’s men> said commiffioners, and the aflefTors acting in the execution of this ad, or any other which relates to the said militia, in like manner, and as fully and effectually, as the fame extend to justices of the peace acting in the execution of their office.

XXIV.  And be it further enaded, That it shall and may be Commiffion-lawful to and for the said commiffioners, immediately after the ?rs» ^ter 5^ palling of this ad, to hold such general courts, and to issue such may hold ge-precepts, for the purpose of carrying this ad into execution, in neral courts, like manner as is herein-before directed to be done at the annual &c. general courts.

XXV.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That this Ad not to

ad, or any thing herein contained, shall not diminish or be pre- prejudice the

'  61  judical  g****—'

Recovery and application of penalties.

Piftrefs not unlawful for want of form, &c.

judicial to the rights, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, to which the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the city of London, or the freemen, citizens, or inhabitants of the said city, or of the suburbs and liberties of the fame, or of all privileged places within the limits and precincts thereof, as well within the liberties as without, are entitled to enjoy by prefcription, adf of parliament, charter, or ufage; but the said mayor and commonalty, and citziens, and the freemen, citizens, and inhabitants of the said city, {hall and may continue to enjoy all and singular the said rights, liberties, ufages, cuftoms, privileges, immunities, and exmptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner as if this ad had not been made.

XXVI.  And be it further enabled, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures by the said ad, passed in the last section of parliament, and by this a d impofed, which (hall exceed the sum of twenty pounds, (hall be recoverable by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftmirjier, wherein no privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, {hall be allowed ; and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by the said ad and this ad impofed, which {hall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, {hall on proof upon oath of the offence before the mayor or any other magistrate of the said city, or any justice of the peace for the county, liberty, or place where the offence (hall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of the said mayor, magiftrate, or other juftice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such distress and fale, to the person whose goods and chattels {hall be fo distrained and fold ; and for want of sufficient diftrefs, the said mayor, magiftrate, or other juftice, is hereby required in all cafes, when no particular time of commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such offender to prison where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three calendar months; and the money arising by all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, the application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by the said ad or this ad, {hall be paid to the regimental clerk of that regiment where such offences shall have been committed, and {hall be made part of the publick flock of that regiment.

XXVil. And be it further enabled, That where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of the said ad, passed in the last fefiion of parliament, or of this ad, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpaffer or tref-paflers, on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties be deemed g trefpaffer or trefpaffers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties diftrain-ing; but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full latisfadion for the special damage by an action on the cafe,

XXVIII.  Provide



1795-1 Anno regni trioefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27.  107

XXVIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No rate or rate or afTeffment, nor anv order to be made, or proceeding to be proceeding to had, or any other matter or thing to be done or transacted in or ^ant o^forrn* relating to the execution of the said adl, pafTed in the last session or removeable of parliament, or of this adl, by the said court of mayor and alder- by certiorari, man, or by his Majefly’s commiHioners of lieutenancy for the

time being, shall not be vacated orquafhed for want of form only, or be removed or removeable by certiorari, or by any other writ or process whatfoever, into any of his JVhjefty’s courts of record at JVejlminijhr, any law, ftatute, or usage to the contrary not-withstanding: provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall recover in any action for such irregularity, trefpafs, or other proceedings, if tender of fufEcient amends shall be made by or on the behalf of the party or parties who shall have committed, or cause to be committed, any such irregularity, trefpafs, or wrongful proceedings, before such action brought; and in cafe no such tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such action, by leave of the court where any such action shall depend, at anv time before issue joined, to pay into the court such sum of money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such proceedings, or orders and judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XXIX.  And be it further enabled. That if any action shall be Limitation of brought against any person for any thing done in pursuance of adions,

this adl, such action or fuit shall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arife, and not elsewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give General iffue. this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants' in any such action or fuit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonfuited, or discontinue his or their action or fuit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if on demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble cofls, and Treble cofts^ have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant hath in other cafes to recover costs by law.

XXX.  And be it further enadled, That this act shall be deemed Publick ad. and taken to be a publick adl, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, juflices, and other persons whom-

foever, without specially pleading the fame.

CAP.

V

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c 2t8.  [1795-

C A P. XXVIII.

An aft to enable petty officers in the navy> cmdfeamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines, Jewing in his Majeflf $ navy, to allot pari of their pay for the maintenance of their wives andfami-lies*—[April 28, 1795*]

WHEREAS the enabling petty officers, and feamen,  land-

men, non~co?nmiffioned officers of marines, and marines, ern-ployed in the royal navy, to allot a certain part of their wages or pay for the support and maintenance of their wives and children, or mothers, and efablijhing a regular method for the punftual, frequent, and certain, payment thereof, is of much consequence to the publickfervice; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Epiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament alfembled, and by the Petty officers, authority of the fame, That, from and after the first day o[ May &c. may allot one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, it {hall and may be tio^ofThei?r”  ^or  evei7  petty officer, and feaman, or landman, con-com-

pay for the mifiioned officer of marines, and marine, ferving, or entering to maintenance serve on board of any (hip or vefTel of his Majefiy, his heirs and of their fami- fucceiTors, to allot a certain part of his monthly wages or pay for £s*  the maintenance of his wife and child, or children, or mother ;

viz. That every petty officer and non-commiffioned officer of marines may allot, for the purpose aforesaid, one half of his wages or pay; and every able-bodied seaman may allot, for the purpose . aforesaid, the sum of five-pence per day ; and every ordinary seaman or landman, ferving, or entering to serve in his Majesty’s navy, may allot, for the purpose aforesaid, the sum of four-pence per day; and that every marine may allot, for the purpose afore-faid, the sum of three-pence per day, while he fhail a£lually serve on board any of the ships or v die Is of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceiTors, or be borne for wages upon the books of any such {hips; which said several ferns final 1 be paid every twenty-eight days to the wives or mothers, or for the use of the children of such petty officers, feamen, and landmen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and marines refpe&ively, under the several rules and regulations, and in the manner by this adh diredted. and preferibed.

Volunteers,at - ]j^ And be jt further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, entering°de- from anc* after '£^e °’ay May one thousand seven hundred and daringVo the ninety-five, if any seaman or landman {ball freely and voluntarily-regulating _ enter himfelt with any regulating officer or officers employed or to. officer certain ^ employed in raising men for his Majesty's naval fervice, in or on allotSa board ar7 the ^Ps or ve^els his Majesty, his heirs and part of their fucceffors, and {hall, at the time of his fo entering, declare to p-y, which such officer or officers his name and place of abode, and that he babe6 frfons *s marr*ec^ an^ fr*ah likewise declare the name of his wife, and at herein fpec°bS w^at P^ace &e t^ien re^es5 anc* be bas a c^ild, or how many feed.  children, distinguishing how many of such children are boys, or

{hall declare that he has a mother then alive, and the place^ of her

relidence^

108

Preamble*

TSjo I  f Petty Officer,  n *

^  | Seaman,  |

1, A. B,^ ^"n^commiffioned  do hereby declare,

\ Officer ©f Marines, |

^Marine,  J

C having; a C Wife V and one Child a Boy  1  1

that I \  °  3  land  Children  of whom are Boys I f

I having a L Mother -  -  -......................)

living at  in  the  County

of

C entered this Day to serve in His J Majesty’s Navy^

J now serving on Board His Ma (. jelly’s Ship

[is I

I

have allotted

per Day, out of my Wages or Pay, for

the Maintenance of my

5 Wife 5" Child 7 land Children j

\ Mother

and I do hereby

direT you to pay or cause to be paid to C. D. my j  |

living in the Place and County aforesaid, at the End of every Twenty-eight Days from the Date hereof, the Sum of being at the Rate of  per Day out of the Wages or Pay

to grow due to me as a  in  His  Majesty’s Navy, a Du-

plicate hereof having already been transmitted to you, signed by Three of the Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Navy, upon her producing a Certificate, under the Hands of the Minifter and the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or the Elders or Elder, of the Parifh where she refides, that, to the best of their

Knowledge, the said C. D. is iny | Mother}. or> *n ^vent

of the Death of my Wife, pay the Sum aforesaid to the Perfon who fhall, by the Minifter and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or Elders or Eider of the Parifti where my said Wife refides, be appointed to receive the fame, for the Maintenance of my $ Child ‘

( Children

this

(Signed) A\ B.

Witnefs (if on Shore) ThoK Bowling,

Lieutenant in his Majesty’s Navy, (if on Board) D. E. Captain.  1

F. G. Lieut, and Signing r Officer.  3

Dated

s

I on Board His Majesty’s Ship Day of

N° I.

that I

To the Treafurer of His Majesty’s Navy.

To the Receiver General of the Land Tax of To the ColleTor of the Cuftoms of the Port of To the Collector of the Excife at To the Clerk of the Cheque at

(Signed)

■jrf' ? Commiffioners of His

m. n. 3 Maie%,s Navy-

By virtue of the Act of the Thirty-fifth of George the Third.

jV\ B, The perforating, or falsely affirming the Name and Character of the Wife, or Mother, or Perfon to be appointed on the Behalf of the Child or Children of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or procuring any other to do the fame, in order to receive any Part of the Wages or Pay of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the A 61 Thirty-fifth George the Third*

To face p. 109.

i

(  109*  )

f Petty Officer,  \

| Seaman,  (

I, A. “ommiffioned \ do here1V declare’

| Officer of Marines, j L Marine,  J

having a 1 Wife \ and one Child a Boy

/  1  and  Children  of

living at

having a 3 Mother

whom are Boys

S5g

}

in the County

have allotted

the Maintenance of my

and I do hereby

Witnefs (if on Shore) (if on Board)

Signing ,

*Vfo T  ("Petty Officer,.  y

^  | Seaman,  j

I, A B.\V d° h"eby d“h"’

| Officer of Marines, J ( Marine,  J

J having a f Wife J and oneCh>ldaB°y  \

b 3  land  Children  of  whom  are  Boys  5

living at

C having a ( Mother

in the County

r entered this Day to serve in His \ Majesty’s Navy,

| now serving on Board His Ma-L jelly’s Ship

per Day, out of my Wages or Pay, for

(Mother -  -  -  y

direct you to pay or cause to be paid to C. B. my j Mother}

living in the Place and County aforesaid, at the End of every Twenty-eight Days from the Date hereof, the Sum of being at the Rate of  per Day out of the Wages or Pay

to grow due to me as a  in  His  Majesty’s  Navy, a Du-

plicate hereof having already been transmitted to you, signed by Three of the Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Navy, upon her producing a Certificate, under the Hands of the Minifter and the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or the Elders or Elder, of the Parifti where ihe refides, that, to the best of their

Knowledge, the said G. D. is my| Mother} or>  Event

of the Death of my Wife, pay the Sum aforesaid to the Perfon who fhall, by the Minifter and Churchwardens, or Churchwarden, or Elders or Elder of the Parifh where my said Wife refides, be appointed to reeeive the fame, for the Maintenance of my

{ Children }  ^  on p0ard His Majesty’s  Ship  }

this  Day  of

(Signed) Bt

7hoL Bowlings Lieut, in His Majesty’s Navy,

D.  E.  Captain.  J

F. G. Lieut, and Officer.

To the Treafurer of His Majesty’s Navy.

To the Receiver General of the Land Tax of To the ColleTor of the Cuftoms of the Port of To the ColleTor of the Excife at .

To the Clerk of the Cheque at

(Signed)

I CommilTioners of His

MN.\Majefty’s Navy.

By virtue of the AT of the Thirty-fifth of George the Third.

r

N. B. The perfonating, or falsely affirming the Name and Character o1 -the Wife, or Mother, or Perfon to be appointed on the Behalt of the Child or Children of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-eommiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or procuring any other to do the fame, in order to receive any Part of the. Wages or Pay of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commnlioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the Aft Thirty-fifth George the Third.

of

f entered this Day to serve in His \ Majesty’s Navy,

) now serving on Board His Ma-C jelly’s Ship

have allotted

the Maintenance of my

onip  j

per Day, out of my Wages or Pay, r Wifef and chiId ?v

' and Children "

for

| Wife [

Mother -

and I do hereby

f -

\ Children j* this

C Wife ?

direT you to pay or cause to be paid to G. B. myj Mother \

living in the Place and County aforesaid, at the End of every Twenty-eight Days from the Date hereof, the Sum of being at the Rate of  per  Day  out of the Wages or Pay

to grow due to me as a  in  his  Majesty’s Navy, a Du-

plicate hereof having already been transmitted to you, signed by Three of the Commiffioners of His Majesty’s Navy, upon her producing a Certificate, under the Hands of the Minifter and the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or the Elders or Elder, of the Parifti where she refides, that, to the best of their

Knowledge, the said C. D. is my| Mother} 0Ty t^le ^vent:

of the Death of my Wife, pay the. Sum aforesaid to the Perfon

who fhall, by the Minifter and Churchwardens or Churchwarden,

or Elders or Elder of the Parifh where my said Wife refides,

be appointed to receive the fame, for the Maintenance of my

Child \ Dated 1 at  I

\ on Board His Majesty’s Ship  i

Day of

(Signed) A. B.

ThoL Bowling,,

Lieut, in His Majesty’s Navy. D. E, Captain.

F. G. Lieut, and Officer.

To the Treafurer of His Majesty’s Navy.

To the Receiver General of the Land Tax of To the Colleclor of the Cuftoms of the Port of To the Collector of the Excife at To the Clerk of the Cheque at (Signed)

FI I 1

‘  ( Commiffioners of His

M.N. \ Majesty’s Navy.

By virtue of the AT of the Thirty-fifth of George the Third.

Ah B. The perfonating, or falsely affiiming the Name and Character of the Wife, or Mother, or Perfon to be appointed on the Behalf of the Child or Children of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commiiiioned Officer of Marines, or Marine,, or procuring any other to do the fame, in order to receive any Part' of the Wages or Pay of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commiftioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the Aht Thirty-fifth George the Third.

Vox. XL.  H

Witnefs (if on Shore) , (if on Board)

Signing ’



1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28.

refidence, and that he is willing to allot a part and proportion of his wages or pay for the support and maintenance of his said wife and child or children, or of his mother, then and in that cafe, if the wife or mother of such seaman or landman shall reside in London, or within the bills of mortality thereof, the film allotted to her out ofher hufband’s or Ton’s wages or pay shall be paid by the treasurer of the navy; and if the wife or mother of such seaman or landman shall reside at Portfmouth, Plymouth, or Chatham, or within five miles of any of those places refpedfively, then the sum allotted to her out of her hufband’s or fon’s wages or pay shall be paid by the clerk of the cheque at any of those places where or within five miles of which she shall refide; but if the residence of the wife or mother of fudi seaman or landman shall hot be in London, or within the bills of mortality thereof, or at Portfmouth, Plymouth, or Chatham, or within five miles thereof refpedtively, then and in every such cafe the sum allotted to the wife or mother of every such seaman or landman, out of her huf* band’s or fon’s wages or pay, shall be paid to her by the receiver general of the land tax of any county, riding, or city, or by the colle£tor of the customs for any port, or by the collector of ex-cife for any collection in Great Britain, nearefl: to the place of residence of the wife or mother of such seaman or landman; and such regulating officer or officers for entering seamen or landmen as aforesaid, shall immediately make out or cause to be made out three declarations of allotment, and three orders of payment, which shall be triplicates of each other, and joined together with oblique lines, flourifhes, or devices, and the said declarations and orders shall be in the following form, or in words to the like effedh

leg

Regulating officer to make out three declarations of allotment of pay, and orders of payment, in the following form.

No. I.

no Anno regni tricefirilo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1795*

Declarations And which declarations and orders of payment, being numbered ^^ment tVta anc* ^atec^ anc* t^le blanks otherwise filled up, the said seaman or signed by the tankman shall sign his name, or make his mark at each of the volunteer, said triplicates thereof, and the said regulating officer {hall attest and certified such declarations and orders of payment, by signing his name as officer, witness thereto; and if the wife or mother of such seaman or land-man {hall then attend in perfon, such regulating officer {hall immediately cut off one of the said triplicates of the said declarations and orders of payment, through the said oblique lines, flourifries, or devices, and {hall deliver the fame to the wife or mother of such seaman or landman, and {hall immediately thereafter, fend the other two triplicates of such declaration and order of payment to the commissioners of the navy at their board in London; but in cafe the wife or mother of such seaman or landman {hall not attend at the time her husband or fon {hall fo enter himself in the service as aforesaid, the said regulating officer {hall fend the said triplicates of such declaration and order of payment to the commissioners of the navy as aforesaid ; and such regulating officer fhall, in the returns he {hall make to the admiralty or navy boards specify and mention, opposite to the name of every man fo entered, whether he has allotted part of his pay for the maintenance of his wife and child or children, or of his mother, and the amount of such allotment, together with the date of the order for payment thereof.

III.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, when and fo often as the captain or commander of any ship or vessel in the pay of his Majesty {hall, pursuant to the powers and directions by former a£ts of parliament given, read partofhis pay over9 orcaufeto be read over,at any muflerofhis {hip’s company, lotted ^t^hall *n a diftinCfc and audible manner, the names of all the petty officers, be paid by the feamen, and landmen, and the names of all the non-commiffioned persons here- officers of marines, and marines, belongnig to such ship or veffel, m mentioned. and jf any petty officer, feaman, landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, {hall thereupon declare by word of mouth, or deliver in writing, the name and place of abode of his wife, and if he has a child, or how many children, diftinguiffiing how many of such children are boys, or that he has a mother then alive, and the place of her refidence, and desire that a part of his wages or pay {hould be allotted and paid to his said wife for the fupportand maintenance of her and his child or children, or to his mother, then and in that cafe, if the wife or mother of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, (hall reside in London, or within the bills of mortality thereof, the sum allotted to her out of her hufband’s wages or pay {hall be paid to her by the treasurer of the navy; and if the wife or mother of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, {hall reside at Portfmouthy Plymouth, or Chatham, or within five miles of any of those places respectively, then the sum allotted to her out of the wages or pay of her hulband or fon (hall be paid by the clerk of the cheque at any

of

pofe of them as herein directed ;

and in his returns to the admiralty, &c. shall specify certain particulars.

If any petty officer, &c. at any muster of the fhip’s company, shall desire a

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28.  111

of those places, where or within five miles of which she (hall refide; but if the residence of the wife or mother of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-cpmmiffioned officer of marines, or marine, shall not be in London., or within the bills of mortality thereof, or at Portfmouth, Plymouth, or Chatham, or within five miles of any of those places refpe£tively, then and in every such cafe the sum allotted to the wife or mother of every such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, shall be paid to her by the receiver general of the land tax for any county, riding, or city, in Great Britian, or by the collector of the customs for any port, or by the collector of the excise for any collection in Great Britian, nearest to the place of residence of the wife or mother of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine; and Captains of the captain or commander of such ship or vessel is hereby strictly  e

required and enjoined to cause a lift to be made out, which shall made of petty contain the name of every such petty officer, feaman, or landman, officers, &c. non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, who shall be defirousoffo desirous to allot a part of his wages or pay for the support of his of theft^pay^ wife or mother, in which lift the name and place of abode of the  *

wife or mother, child or children, as the cafe may be, of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, and whether he has a child, or how many children, distinguishing how many of such children are boys, shall be specified and described in distinct columns opposite to the name of such petty officer, feaman, and landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, and marine; and every petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, who shall fo desire that a part of his wages or pay may be allotted and paid to his wife or mother, shall write his name, or make his mark, in a separate and diftimft column in the said lift, which lift shall be forthwith completed and signed by the captain or commander, and any other of the signing officers of such ship or vef-fel; and every such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-com-miffioned officer of marines, or marine, shall at the fame timealfo sign his name, or make his mark, at each of the three declarations and orders of payment as before mentioned, to empower his wife or mother to receive that part of her hufband’s or Ion's wages or pay fo allowed to her; and which declarations and orders shall be in the fame form of words as are herein-before defcribed, or to the fame and the like efFedl; and the said declarations and orders shall be forthwith completed; and such captain or commander andtotranfmit shall transmit the lift, and the three declarations and orders afore- an<? the faid, by the first safe opportunity, without any neglect or delay and orders to whatfoever, to the commissioners of the navy at their board in the navy London.  board.

IV.  And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That as soon Declarations as the said declarations and orders shall be received by the com-miffioners of the navy, they shall examine, or cause the fame to be examined, with the lift or lifts transmitted by such regulating the navy officer or officers employed for entering men for his Majesty’s board, and

navy,



H2, Anno regni tncefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1795.

difpofed bf as navy, if the fame shall have been tranfmittedby any regulating of-bereih direft- £cer or officers, or by the captain or commander onboard any of his Majesty’s ships or veftels, if the fame shall have bec*n transmitted by any such captain or commander, and if found right, the fame ihall be filled up agreeable to the particulars specified in the feve-ral columns of such lids, and shall be then allowed and iigned by any three of the commissioners of the navy, specifying the date on which they (hall fo sign the fame ; and in all cafes, where the triplicates of the aforesaid declarations and orders shall have have been transmitted to the commissioners of the navy, they fhall, withoutdelay,caufe them tobecutafunder through the said oblique lines, flourifhes, or devices, and (hall cause one of the said declarations and orders to be transmitted forthwith to the person named in such order as the wife or mother of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine; and another of the said declarations and orders they ihall cause to be transmitted forthwith to the said receiver general oftheland tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, to whom such order shall be fo directed ; and the third of the said declarations and orders they ihall cause to be tranf-mitted or delivered to the treasurer of his Majesty’s navy for the time being; and where only two of such declarations and orders shall have been transmitted to the commissioners of his Majesty’s navy, they ihall in like manner, without delay, cause the fame to be cut asunder through the said oblique lines, fiourifhes, or devices, and shall cause one of the said declarations and orders to be transmitted forthwith to the receiver general of the land tax, colledtor of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, to whom such order ihall be fo directed, and the other of the said declarations and orders to be transmitted or delivered to the treasurer of his Majesty’s navy for the time being but in cafes where the allotment of such wages as aforesaid ihall be directed to be paid by the treasurer of the navy in London, or within the bills of mortality thereof, then two of the triplicates of such declarations and orders ihall be transmitted or delivered to the After 28 days treasurer of the navy.

from the date, V. And be it enacfted by the authority aforefaid. That when, persons to at the end of twenty-eight days or more after the date of such rations ancf~ declaration and order, the fame, together with such certificate as orders (hallbe is mentioned therein by the minister and churchwardens, or addreffed, to churchwarden, elders or elder, as the cafe may be, of the parish examine into where the wife or mother of such petty officer, feaman, or land-therTof and man> non-commiffioned officer of marines-, or marine, refides, of certificates ihall be presented to the treasurer of the navy, or to any such of minilrers receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector and church- Gf the excife, or clerk of the cheque refpectively, as the cafe may tonedthenhn' to Wl?'l0ra i~ame IS addreffed, he ihall examine and compare andifauthen- Inch declaration and order fo presented to him by the wife or tick, to pay mother of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commif-tdie sums al- fioned officer of marines, or marine, with the triplicate of such sr4tlb> declaration and order which ihall have been transmitted to him

1795-] Anno regnl tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28.  1*3

by the commissioners of the navy, and enquire into the truth thereof, and of such certificate as aforesaid ; and, if it {hall appear to him necefiary, by the oath of the wife or mother producing the fame, which oath he is hereby authorised and empowered to adminifter, and upon being duly satisfied of the authenticity of such declaration and order, and of such certificate, and the truth of the fafts therein fet forth, he (hall immediately pay to the wife or mother of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, without fee or reward, and without deduction or abatement, under the pretence of any expence having been incurred, or on any pretence whatever, the sum allotted to her out of the wages or pay of her husband or fon, taking her receipt for the fame, to which file {hall sign her name, or make her mark, in the presence of the person paying her the money, and which person {hall alfofign his name as witness thereto, and he {hall also mark her receipt and certificate with the fame number as that of her husband's declaration and order, and shall also mark on the said declaration and order, which {hall be fo produced to him by the wife or mother of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, the date of such payment, the amount of the sum paid, and the time from whence, and up to what time, the fame fo became due, after which he {hall deliver back to the wife or mother of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, the declaration and order fo produced by her ; and the person making such payment shall in like manner mark upon the triplicate of such declaration and order, which shall have been transmitted to him by the commissioners of the navy as aforesaid, or otherwise be in his pofieffion, the date of such payment, the amount of the sum paid, and the time from whence, and up to what time, the fame fo became due, and at the end of every four weeks, or twenty-eight days thereafter, upon Allotments of similar application made, and upon producing such order and evJr^four^^ certificate in manner before directed, the fame payment shall be weeks.°UF made in the fame manner and form to the wife or mother of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, as aforesaid, during her life, or fo long as her husband or fon (hall live, and continue as a petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, in the service of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, except as hereinafter excepted, where no demand shall be made upon such order within fix months from the date of marking thereof by the com-mifiioners of the navy, or from the date of the last payment made thereon.

VI.  And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That when If a wife t° the wife of any petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commif- her°huf ^ ° fioned officer of marines, or marine, in the service of his Majesty, band’s pay be his heirs and fucceffors,' who may have allotted part of his wages allotted shall for the maintenance of his said wife and children, {hall happen to die, and leave die, and such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned ^ y^s officer of marines, or marine, shall have a child or children under old, the mini-

VoL, XL.  I  the  fter and

Posted by CjjOCK^Ic

H4 Anno regni tricesimo quintoGeorgii III. c. 28. [ 795-

church war- the age of fourteen years, it {hall and may be lawful for the mini-^er anc* c^urchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, as the navy board cafe may °f t^ie parish where such wife fo dying did reside at the fame, and the time of her death, to certify to the commissioners of the navy, their inten-^ at their board in London, the death of such wife, and the day a°erfo^to°re- t^lerec>^ anc* t^iat husband of such wife has a child, or how ccive and ap- many children, then alive, under the age of fourteen years, and ply the money the age of such child, or the respective ages of each of such chil-for theufe of dren, as nearly as they can, and shall distinguish how many of the children, such children are boys; and such minifterand churchwardens, or elders, shall also certify their intention of appointing a fit and proper perfon, resident within the said parilh, to receive that part of the father’s wages or pay for his services in the navy, which had been allotted by him for the maintenance of his child or children in the event of the death of his wife, and along with such certificate the minister and churchwardens, or elders, shall alfo

If the com* miflioners are satisfied of the truth of such certificate they (hall cause three certificates and orders to be made out in the follow* ing form*

tranfmit to the commissioners of the navy the triplicate of such declaration and order before mentioned, made by the husband of such wife who shall have fo died as aforesaid, and which was in her poflefiion at the time of her death; whereupon the commif-fioners of the navy shall examine into the truth of such certificate in such manner as they shall think proper, and if they are satisfied of the truth thereof, and that the father of such child or children is still alive, and in the service of his Majesty, they shall then make out, or cause to be made out, three certificates and orders, which shall be triplicates of each other, and joined together with oblique lines, flourifhes, or devices, and which shall be in the following form, or in words to the like effeft:

No. u

N° I. We,

the Mini ft

Churchwardens or Churchwarden 7

and  (  Elders  or  Elder

Parifh of  in  the  County  of

hereby certify and declare, That

i

the

Wife of

vino; m this Pari£h 5  1  under  the  Age  of  Four-

( Children j

f Petty Officer,

| Seaman,

^  ' Landman,

j Non-comniiffioned I Officer of Marines,

L Marine,  J

ferving in His Majesty’s Navy, died on the Day of  and  was buried in the said Parifh,

where she had resided  5  Months 7 previous

( Years j

to her Death. And We further certify and declare that there

{L}Iivi

teen Years, of the aforesaid  late the Hufbatid

of the aforesaid  deceased  I " '10 Lis 3 BoV> orGlrI i

( or whom are Boys )

and We have appointed  of  in  this  Parifh,

to receive such Allowance as the aforesaid  the  Father

has allotted out of his Wages or Pay due or to become, due for

his Service in the Navy, for the Maintenance and Support of his

faid J  X  in  the  Event of the Death of his Wife : And

£ Children 3

We request that you will give the necefTary Order, that the Wages or pay of die Father to allowed as aforesaid shall and may in future be paid to the said  for  the Maintenance

and Support of the | Qh|kjren } °^* t^ie

under our Infpedtion and Direction. Dated at this  Day  of

Signed A. B. Minifter.

C. D. 7 Churchwardens To the Commiftioners of  £.  F.  j or Elders.

His Majesty’s Navy.

WE,  and  Two  of  His

Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace in and for the County of do hereby certify and attest to the Commiftioners of His Ma-iefty’s Navy, That the Fadls fet forth in the above Certificate are true, to the heft of our Knowledge and Belief, and that the laid  named  therein  is  a  fit  and proper Perfon to receive

the Wages allotted by the above  for the Mainte-

nance and Support of his j £^jrer j in the Event of the Death

of his Wife ; and We do hereby approve of him in that RefpedL Dated at  this  Day  of

Signed G. H\ 7 Juftices of the Peace for /. A”. J the County of

London, the  Day  of

WE approve of the above, and allow the fame, and order the Payment of that Part of the Wages allotted by the above-mentioned  for  the  Maintenance  and  Support

of his J  X  in  the  Event  of  the  Death  of his Wife, to be

( Children 3

paid to the above-named  for  that Purpofe.

Signed Z. AL ) Commiftioners of p] I  the Navy.

r The Treafurer of the Navy.

\ The Receiver General of the Land Tax of To < The Collector of the Cuftoms at the Port of I The Collector of the Excite at CThe Clerk of the Cheque at

By Virtue of the Adt of the Thirty-fifth of George the Third.

N. B. The forging of this Certificate, or procuring any other Perfon to forge the fame, in order to receive any Part of the Wages or Pav allotted by any Petty Offi er, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commiftioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to the Support and Maintenance of his (Child, or Chi I Ireu) is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the Act Tnu-ty. fifth George the Tim'd.

To face p. 114.

N° I. We,

and

Parifh of

(  114*  )

the Minifter { Churchwardens or Churchwarden 7 i Elders or Elder  J

in the County of  do

hereby certify and declare, That

f Petty Officer,

Seaman,

Wifc °f  *  < N."«o”'mi*o„ned

I Officer of Marines, LMarine,

ferving in His Majesty’s Navy, died on the

Day of  and was buried in the said Parifh,

where she had resided  j  Ye°arshS } Prev^ous

to her Death. And We further certify and declare that there

{ ae } Eving *n ^ls parish |  a  |  un<^er  t^lc aSe Fourteen Years, of the aforesaid  late the Hufband

of the aforesaid  deceased  i wfho u * B°y’ °r^lfl \

I of whom are Boys 3

and We have appointed  of  in  this Parifh,

to receive such Allowance as the aforesaid  the Father

has allotted out of his Wages or Pay due or to become due for

his Service in the Navy, for the Maintenance and Support of his

faid J  X  the Event of the Death of his Wife: And

( Children J

We requeft: that you will give the necefTary Order, that the Wages or Pay of the Father lb allowed as aforesaid shall and may in future be paid to the said  for  the Maintenance

and Support of the | Q^[jjren j t^e

under our Infpedtion and Direction. Dated at this  Day  of

Signed A, B. Minifter.

C. D, 7 Churchwardens To the Commiftioners of  £. F. J or Elders.

His Majesty’s Navy.

WE,  and  Two of His

Majefty’s Juftices of the peace in and for the County of do hereby certify and attest to the Commiftioners of His Majesty’s Navy, That the Fadls fet forth in the above Certificate are true, to the best of our Knowledge and Belief, and that the said  named  therein  is  a fit and proper Perfon to receive

the Wages allotted by the above  for  the Mainte-

nance and Support of his | Qpj^re | *n t^ie Event of the Death

of his Wife ; and We do hereby approve of him in that Refpedt. Dated at  this  Day of

Signed G. H. 7 Juftices of the Peace for /. A. j the County of

London, the  Day  of

WE approve of the above, and allow the fame, and order the Payment of that part of the Wages allotted by the above-mentioned  for the Maintenance and Support

of his 5  \  in  the Event of the Death of his Wife, to be

| Children 3

paid to the above-named  for  that purpose.

Signed L. AL ) n  ,

Al D (. Commiftioners of

p[ ^ ) the Navy.

t r The Treafurer of the Navy.

\ The Receiver General of the Land Tax of To < 'The Collector of the Cuftoms at the Port of 1 7'he Colledtor of me Excife at LThe Clerk of the Cheque at

By Virtue of the Adt of the Thirty-fifth of George the Third.

ted

N° I. We,

ftie M tfitiWi*

{Churchwardens or Churchwarden ] t^e Elders or Elder  J

Parifh of  in  the  County  of  do

hereby certify and declare, That

f Petty Officer,  ~)

Seaman,  j

; Landman,  !

a j Non-commiffioned  j

j . Officer of Marines, |

L Marine,  J

y, died on the

and was buried in the said Parifh,

5 Months X previous I Years 3

And We further certify and declare, that there |  | living in this Parifh j  ^  un(^er ^ge of Fourteen Years, of the aforesaid  late  the  Hufband

Wife of

ferving in His Majesty’s Navy, Day of

where she had resided to her Death.

of the aforefaid

deceafed ( who is a B°y> or Girl t are Boys J

{ of whom

and We have appointed  of  in  this  Parifh

to receive such Allowance as the aforesaid  the  Father

has allotted out of his Wages or Pay due or to become due for his Service in the Navy, for the Maintenance and Support of his

faid J  1  in  the  Event  of  the  Death  of  his  Wife  :  And

I Children 3

We request that you will give the necefTary Order, that the Wages or Pay of the Father fo allowed as aforesaid shall and may in future be paid to the said  for  the  Maintenance and support of the | Children}  ^

under our Infpection and Direction. Dated at this  Day*of

Signed

To the Commiftioners of His Majesty’s Navy.

WE,

A. B. Minifter.

C. D. 7 Churchwardens A. F< J or Elders.

of his Wife; Dated at

iV. B. The forging of this Certificate, or procuring any other Perfon to forge the fame, in order to receive any past of the Wages or Pay allot-by any Petty Officer, Seaman, or L^^an, Non-commiffioned

Officer of Marines, or Marine, to the SuppoiT%|d Maintenance of his (Child, or Children) is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the Ad Thirty-filth George the Third.

and  Two  of  His

Majefty’s Juftices of the Peace in and for the County of do hereby certify and attest to the Commiftioners of His Majesty’s Navy, That the Fadfs fet forth in the above Certificate are true, to the best of our Knowledge and Belief, and that the laid  named  therein  is  a  fit  and proper Perfon to receive

the Wages allotted by the above  for  the  Maintenance and Support of his 5  I in the Event of the Death

I Children 3

and We do hereby approve of him in that Refpect. this  Day  of

Signed G. H. 7 Juftices of the Peace for L K. 3 the County of

London, the  Day  of

WE approve of the above, and allow the fame, and order the Payment of that Part of the Wages allotted by the above-mentioned  for  the Maintenance and Support

of his |  n  |  in  the  Event of the Death of his Wife, to be

paid to the above-named  for  that Purpofe.

Signed A. M. 1 Ar. O. > p. 4>. J

,-The Treafurer of the Navy.

The Receiver General of die Land Tax of 1 The Collector of the Cuftoms at the Port of The Collector of the Excife at 1 .The Clerk of the Cheque at

By Virtue of the Adi of the Thirty-fifth of George the Third.

Ar. B, The forging of this Certificate, or procuring any other Perfon to forge the fame, in order to receive any part ot the Wages or Pay allot-teef by any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Land man, Noii-cominiffioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to the Support and Maintenance ot his (Child, or Children) is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the Acl Thirty-fifth George the Third.

Vol. XL.  I

Commiftioners of the Navy,

To



by 

j795-3 ’ Anno regni tr-icrcfimo q-amto GeorgiiIII. c. 28.  1x5

The triplicates of which certificate, being fo made out as afore-Triplicates of faid, the commissioners of the navy (hall forthwith fend, or cause beVent^o^he the fame to be fent, to the minifter, or to the churchwardens, or minister or churchwarden, elders or elder, of the parish where the wife of such churchvvar-petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer 0^^nS,LW•^C^, marines, or marine, fo died as aforefaid; and such minifter, up^fnd churchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, shall cause the attested by blanks thereof to be filled up, and the minifter, along with the two magi-churchwardens or churchwarden, or the elders or elder, of ftrates, shall the said parifh, shall sign the fame, and having procured two of ^e^avy6 t0 the justices of the peace of the county wherein such parish lies board j to attest the fame, the said minifter, or churchwardens or churchwarden, or elders or elder, shall forthwith return the said three triplicates to the commissioners of the navy in London; and the commissioners of the navy shall immediately on receipt thereof which shall exexamine the fame, and if found right, they shall mark each of the amine, and triplicates ,of the said certificate with the fame number with which difpofeofthem the original declaration and order of payment, executed by the said  ^lm

petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, whose wife may have died as aforesaid, was numbered; and the said commiffioners, or any three or more of them, (hall date and sign their allowance thereof, and shall address each of the triplicates to the fame publick officer to whom the original order granted by the aforesaid petty officer, feaman, or landman, non commissioned officer of marines, or marine, whose wife may have fo died as aforesaid, was addrefted for payment, and the fame, being fo completed, they (hall cause them to be cut asunder indentwife through the said oblique lines, flourifhes, or devices, and shall forthwith cause one of them to be transmitted to the person who shall be named and appointed by the said minister and churchwardens, or elders, and approved of by the juftices, in the aforesaid certificate and atteftation, to receive the allotment of wages or pay therein mentioned, and shall therewith also transmit to him the original declaration and order granted by such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, whose wife may have fo died as aforesaid, which original declaration and order was in her pofteffion at the time of or previous to her death, and which had been sent to the commif-fioners of the navy by the minifter, or churchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, along with their certificate of the death of such wife, as before-mentioned; and another of the aforesaid triplicates, fo approved of and allowed by the commissioners of the navy, or any three of them, as aforesaid, shall be forthwith transmitted to the treasurer of the navy, collector of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, appointed to pay the fame, as the cafe may be * and the third of the said triplicates to be delivered to the treasurer of the navy.

VII.  And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That at After a certain the end or expiration of twenty-eight days, or more, from the date ^mted* of the last payment made to the wife ot such petty officer, feaman, ^receive al« or landman, non-commiflioned officer of marines, or marine, who lotments of

1 2  may



xi6 Anno regni tricefmio quinto Georgxi III. c. 28. [1795.

pay for chil- may have fo died as aforesaid, or from and after the date of the orig*nal declaration and order granted by her hufband, in cafe she far e, pro- shall ^ave received no payment thereon, the person named and ducaig certain appointed in such certificate, atteftation, and allowance as afore-papers.  faid, for receiving the allotment of such wages for the mainte-

nance and support of the child or children of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commilfioned officer of marines, or marine, may apply to the treasurer of the navy, receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, to whom the fame may be respectively ad-drefTed, for payment of what may be due thereon, and (hall then produce the original declaration and order of such petty officer, feaman, or landman* non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, in favour of his wife, the certificate of the minister and churchwardens or churchwarden, or elders or elder, of his appointment, the attestation thereof by two justices of the peace, and allowance thereof by any three commissioners of the navy, as is before-mentioned, and {hall also produce and deliver to such treasurer of the navy, receiver general of the land tax, collector \  of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque re-

fpedtively, as the cafe may be, a certificate from the minister and churchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, specifying that there is a child, or the number of children, under the age of fourteen years, of such petty officer, feaman, landman, nomcommif-floned officer of marines, or marine, whole wife may have died as aforesaid, then living in their parifh, and distinguishing if such child, or how many of such children are boys, and the age of such child, or the respective ages of such children, as nearly as they can $ If the papers and such treasurer of the navy, receiver general of the land tax, Found authen- c°fie&°r °f the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the tic, the money cheque, (hall examine these several papers fo produced to him, allotted to be with the triplicates thereof, which shall have been transmitted to paid gratis. him by the commissioners of the navy as aforesaid, and shall enquire into the truth thereof, and of such certificates fo presented to him ; and if it (hall appear to him necefiary, by the oath of the party producing the fame, (which oath he is hereby authorised and empowered to adminifter), and being duly satisfied of the authenticity thereof, and of the truth of the facts therein fet forth, he shall immediately pay to the person fo appointed, in the manner and form before directed, to receive such allotment of wages or pay, the sum due thereon, without fee or reward, and without deduction or abatement, under the pretence of any expence having been incurred, or on any pretence whatever, fo as the fame shall not be for a less or (liorter period than twenty-eight days, except as herein-after is mentioned, andfhall take the receipt of such person for the fame, who shall sign the said receipt in the presence of the person paying the money; and the said person fo paying the money shall sign his name as witness to the said receipt, and shall also mark the said receipt with the fame number as that of the original declaration, and order of payment, and certificate of appointment, and shall also mark upon the original

1795'] Anno regni tricefinao quinto Georgii III. c. 28.  117

declaration, and order of payment, and upon she certificate of appointment, which (hall be fo produced by the person therein appointed to receive the fame, and to whom the money is to be paid, and also upon the original declaration, and order of payment, and upon the certificate of appointment in his hands, and which (hall, have been transmitted to him by the commissioners of the navy as aforesaid, or otherwise be in his pofteffion, the date of such payment, the amount of the sum paid, and the time from whence, and up to what time, the fame fo became due ; and at the end of aH°t-every twenty-eight days thereafter, upon similar application made, and upon producing such original declaration and order of pay- every four ment granted by such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non- weeks, commissioned officer of marines, or marine, and such certificate of appointment attested and allowed as before-mentioned, and upon the delivery of such certificate respecting the existence and age of such children as aforesaid, by the minifter, churchwardens* or elders of the parish where such children (hall refide, with a receipt for the money, in manner as before diredted, the fame payment (hall be made to the person fo appointed to receive such part of the wages allotted by every such petty officer, feaman, or land-man, non commissioned officer of marines, or marine, for the maintenance and support of his children upon the death of his wife as aforesaid, and that for fo long and while all or any one of his said children (hall remain under the age of fourteen, or fo long as their father (hall live or continue as a petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, except as herein-after excepted, where no demand (hall be made for payment, within fix months from the date of the commissioners of the navy allowing of such certificate of appointment, or from the date of the last payment made thereon.

VIII.  And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any On promotion feaman, landman, or marine, who may have allotted a part of his wages or pay for the support and maintenance of his wife and crease the al-child or children, or mother, (hall, at any future period, be pro- lotment outof moted in the lervice ; videlicet, if a landman or ordinary seaman his pay to the (hall be promoted to be an able feaman, or if an able seaman (hall  his

be promoted to be a petty officer, or if any petty officer (hall be rank, &c. promoted from an inferior to a superior rank in the lift of petty officers, or if any marine (hail be promoted to be a non-commif-iioned officer, or receive any other similar promotion, and by which the wages or pay of such person (hall be increafed, it (hall and may be lawful to and for such ordinary feaman, landman* petty officer, or marine, promoted as aforesaid, at the firft, or any (iibfequent muster of the company of the (hip or vessel to which he (hall belong after such his promotion, to declare, in manner aforesaid, that-die is desirous to make the allowance out of his wages or pay, to and for the support and maintenance of his wife and child or children, or mother, to the full amount allowed to those in the fame rank to which he has been promoted; and the captain or commander of such (hip or vessel is hereby required, in the monthly or other muster books returned by him to the com-

13  miffioners

Ii8 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1795.

Payments to be made for ^8 days at a time? except in cafe of death, &c.

miffioners of the navy, to specify the fame opposite to the name of such feaman, landman, petty officer, or marine, fo promoted as aforesaid, who {hall also sign his name, or make his mark, opposite thereto; and such feaman, landman, petty officer, or marine, fo promoted as aforesaid, shall also sign three declarations and orders of payment (agreeably to the forms before prefcribed) to his wife and child or children, or mother,.of that part of his wages or pay allotted to them according to his then fituation, as before is mentioned, which declaration and order of payment {hall be executed, witneffed, and transmitted to the commissioners of the navy, in the fame manner as before is mentioned ; and such commissioners shall likewise proceed in the fame manner as before-is directed in examining and transmitting such declaration and order for payment to the wife, or mother, or other person appointed as aforesaid to receive the fame, for the use of the child or children, and to the treasurer of the navy, receiver general of the land tax, colledlor of the cuftoms, colledlor of excife, or clerk of the cheque, to whom the fame shall be addressed for payment; and the wife, or mother, or person appointed as aforesaid to receive for the .ufe of the child or children {hall, at the time of receiving the first payment under the authority of such new order for payment, receive also the difference between the sum contained in the fir ft order and that contained in the second or new order for payment, from the day of the date of such new order up to the time of her or him receiving under such new order, in cafe any intermediate payment shall have been made on the first order after the date of the fecond, but before the presenting of such second order for payment, and he or (he fo receiving the money as aforesaid {hall deliver up to the person making such payment the triplicate of the former declaration or order for payment that was in her or his poffeffion, which {hall forthwith, by such person fo paying the money, be transmitted to the commissioners of the navy, together with the triplicate of such first declaration or order of payment, that was in the possession of such person himfelf; and in all other matters and things relative to such new declaration and order for payment, made by persons fo promoted as aforesaid, the fame rules, orders, and regulations, {hall be observed as by this present adb are directed and prescribed with refpe6T to payments to be made under the first declaration and order of payment that may have been granted and executed by any feaman, landman, petty officer, or marine, before he received such promotion as aforefaid.

IX.  And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all payments made to the wife or mother of any petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, under the authority of such order granted by him in manner aforesaid, or to the person that maybe appointed to receive the fame, in the manner and form before mentioned, in the event of the death of such wife, {hall be by even monthly payments of twenty-eight days, and not for any part of a month, except in the cafe of the death of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, in the service of his Majesty, his heirs

and

1795’] Anno regnl tricesimo quinto Georgii III, c, 28.  119

and fucceffors, or in the cafe of such petty officer, or feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, being regularly difcharged, or quitting, or absenting himself from his Majesty’s fervice, in which events the wife, or in cafe of her death, the person that may be appointed to receive the fame, in manner before-mentioned, or the mother, as the cafe may be, (hall be entitled to and receive the sum allotted to such wife, or children, or mother, up and home to the day of the death or discharge of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, or his quitting or absenting himself from his Majesty’s fervice; and all payments fo made shall be deduced from the pay or wages of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, refpedlively.

X.  And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all and Pfders to be

j  /  '  irrevocable

every such order fo to be granted by any such petty officer, feaman, whiie the

or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, as grantor is en-aforefaid, shall be irrevocable, and continue and remain in force titled to pay, during the whole time that he shall be entitled to receive wages or ^0therfhairr pay on account ofhis services in his Majefly’s navy, in cafe his wife }jve or mother named in such order shall fo long live, or while and during his children, or any one of them, shall remain under the age of fourteen, or until he shall be difcharged, quit, or absent himself from his Majesty’s fervice, unless the fame shall be revoked in the way and manner herein-after mentioned, or become void and forfeited by non-claim thereon, as after mentioned ; and the wife or mother of every such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or v marine, or the person that may be appointed to receive the fame in manner before mentioned, in the event of the death of such wife, during all the time aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive, in the manner and form above preferibed, the sum fo allotted by such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, to be paid out of his wages or pay, for the maintenance and support of his wife and children, or mother.

XI.  And be it ena£led by the authority aforesaid, That the wife Wives, &c. to or mother of every such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non- deceive commissioned officer of marines, or marine, or the person that mav allotments of be appointed in manner aforesaid to receive such allotment of wa- pay, unless ges or pay, in the event of the death of the wife, (hall appear in disabled by person before the treasurer of the navy, receiver general of the land hodily infir-rax, or collector of the cufloms, or collector of the excife, or clerk

of the cheque, to receive that part of the wages or pay which shall be allotted by such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-comif-fioned officer of marines, or marine, for the maintenance and support ofhis wife and children, or mother, unless the said wife, or mother, or person fo appointed in the event of the death of the wife, shall be prevented and disabled from fo appearing by bodily infirmity j and such disability being certified by the minister and churchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, of the parifh. where she or he refides, or by the phyfician, furgeon, or apothecary, attending her or him, then and in that cafe the money fo

1 4.  allotted

If wives die, orders to be V'. id if payment be not demanded within fix months after signed by the navy board.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1795*

allotted such wife, or mother, or person fo appointed as a for da id, in the event of the death of the wife, shall be paid to her or his order In writing, upon producing the original order for payment by such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, together with the other proper receipt and certificate as aforefaid.

XII.  And be it further enaCted, That if no demand for payment upon or by virtue of any such original order of payment, or order of appointment as aforesaid, shall be made upon the treasurer of the navy, receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, to whom the fame {hall be refpeCtively directed, for the space of fix calendar months from and after the date when the fame shall refpeCtively be signed by the commissioners of the navy, or any three of them, then the fa id order for payment, and appointment as aforesaid, in the event of the death of the wife, (hall become void, null, and of no efreCf,. and no payment whatever shall be made thereon, or in virtue thereof, or in virtue of both or either of them ; and the wages or pay of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall, from and after the date of the last payment made on such order, be paid to him, or to his executors or adminiftrators, as if he had never granted any such order.

XIII.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any regulating officer or officers appointed for entering men for

ffiip^nedeCt- Majesty’s fervice, or any captain or commander of any ship ingto transmit or veffiel in the pay of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, {hall lifts, etc. lia- unneceffiarily negleCt or delay to transmit to the commissioners ble to 50I. 0f t^e nayy5 their board, the lifts of such petty officers, Teamen, or landmen, con-commi (honed officers of marines, or marines, who have allotted part of their wages or pay for the maintenance and support of their wives and children, or mothers, such lifts to be made out in manner before mentioned, or to transmit the declarations and orders made by such petty officers, feamen, or landmen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, or marines, refpeCtively, authorising such payments to be made to their wives or mothers, or for the use of their children, every such officer pr officers, captain or commander, fo negleCt-Ing or delaying, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and such fine or penalty {hall be levied and recovered in such and the fame manner, to all intents and purposes, as any conviction may be made, and any penalty and fine may be recovered or levied for any offence against any law by which any duty of customs or excise js imposed or laid ^ and the laid fine and penalty, when recovered, (hall be paid to the person or persons filing or pro-fscuting for the famer

XIV.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, or person employed under the treasurer of the navy, to whom such order shall be addreflbd and preferred by the wife or mother of any petty

officer 3

Regulating officers and captains of

penalty.

If persons to whom orders are addrefied {hall not have money in hand when

1795*1 Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28.  121

officer, feamln, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of ma- prerented, rines, or marine, or by the person that maybe appointed manner before-mentioned to receive the fame, in the event of ^thiifa fort-the death of such wife, for payment of the sum allotted to such night, for wife, child, or children, or mother, (hall not then have in his payment. See* hands ptiblick. money sufficient to anfvver the fame, and shall for that reason refuse or delay the immediate payment thereof, such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife/ or 'clerk of the cheque, shall immediately deliver to the wife, or mother, or person appointed in the manner and in the event aforesaid, and demanding such payment, a note of the cause of his refusal or delay to pay the fame, which shall bear the date when such demand was made and refufed, and (haft appoint thereon, for the payment of such demand, some future day, within the space of fourteen days from the day of the fit'll: anc^ for delay-% demand being made upon him; and if upon complaint being ing payment, made to the refpcCtive commissioners appointed by his Majesty, pr taking fees his heirs and fuccefTors, to manage the laid feverai duties of the to land tax, cuftoms, or excife, or to the commissioners of the navy, v if the person complained of be a clerk of the cheque, or person employed under the treasurer of the navy, it shall appear that such receiver general of the land tax, collector of-the cuftoms, collector of the excife, clerk of the cheque, or person employed under the treasurer of the navy, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the payment of such allowance allotted as aforesaid, or that such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, clerk of the cheque, or any person employed by or under any of them, or any person employed by or under the treasurer of the navy, hath directly or indireCily received or taken any fee or reward, gratuity, difeount, or deduction whatfoever, or any sum under pretence of reimburfe-ment of any expence incurred on account of the payment of the said allowance, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the said commissioners to convict and fine any such offender, under their refpeCtive directions, for every such offence, in a sum not exceeding fifty pounds, according to the nature and degree of the offence; and such fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the fame manner, to all intents and purposes, as any conviction may be made, and any penalty and fine may be recovered or levied for any offence against any law by which any duty of customs or excise is imposed or laid, and the said fine, when recovered, (hall be paid to the person filing or profe-cuting for the fame.

XV.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if mentb^occa* any captain or commander in his Majesty’s navy, or any agent fioned by de-of hospitals for lick or wounded feamen, shall negleCt or delay to lays in making make their returns within a reasonable time, and according to returns, to be the time by any act or acts of parliament limited for that purpose the defaulters* refpeCtively, whereby or by means whereof any over-payment shall be made to the wife, or mother, or to the use of the child or children of any petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned

V  

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1795.

miffioned officer of marines, or marine, then and in every such cafe the commissioners of the navy, or commissioners of sick and wounded feamen, (as the cafe may be), shall and are hereby directed and enjoined to deduct from the falary, wages, or pay, of the captain or commander, or agent of hospitals for sick and wounded feamen, a sum equal to that which has been overpaid by or through his neglect or delay, upon such commissioners as aforesaid receiving a certificate, under the hand of the treafurer, or under the hand of the paymaster of his Majesty’s navy, certifying that such over-payment has been made by or through the negleCf or delay of such captain or commander in the navy, or agent of any hospital for sick and wounded feamen, and which sums fo deduced shall be applied in replacing the sum fo overpaid as aforefaid.

_ m  XVI.  And  be  it  enacted  by  the  authority aforesaid, That

■wives may be if any ' petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned revoked on officer of marines, or marine, who shall have made an allotment certificates Gf part cf his wages or pay, and executed an order for payment Jdmchu?ch"rS  ^me  t0  -.his  wife,  shall  at  any  time  thereafter  be defirous

wardens, &c. revoke and recal the fame, it shall be lawful for him fo to do, upon his declaring such his intention, and aCtually revoking the fame, by a writing under his hand addressed to the commissioners of his Majesty’s navy, and accompanying such his declaration and revocation with a certificate from the minister and churchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, of the parish where his wife had her residence at the date of his declaration and order of payment of part of his wages to her, declaring that, in their opinion, such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-com-miflioned officer of marines, or marine, has just and reasonable cause for such his revocation; and if the commissioners of his Majesty’s navy, upon receiving such revocation and certificate, and examining and considering the fame, shall be satisfied of the reasonableness thereof, they,, or any three of them, shall immediately give notice thereof to the treasurer of his Majesty’s navy, or to the receiver general of the land tax, colle<5tor of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, to whom the order of payment of the wife of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiifioned officer of marines^ or marine, was addrelfed, directing him to flop all future payment thereon, and the treasurer of the navy, or such collector of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, shall indorse upon the notice of such countermand of payment the date when he receives the fame, and fhall, within two days after, acknowledge the receipt thereof to the commissioners of the navy, and (hall not, after receipt of such notice, make any further or future payment to the wife of such petty officer, feaman, or land-man, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, and the husband of such wife shall thereafter be entitled to his wages or pay, in the fame way and manner as if he never had made such declaration or order of payment to his wife, or until such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines,

or

Orders for navment to

 CjOO^Ic

1795*1 Anno regnitricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28.  223

or marine, (hall make, in manner aforesaid, another declaration or order for payment, which he is hereby enabled to do notwith-ftanding of his having revoked the former.

XVII.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If wives to if at any time hereafter the wife of anv petty officer, feaman, or whom allot-landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, to ^d^dei^rt whom her husband (hall in manner aforesaid have made any al- their children, lotment of part of his wages or pay for the maintenance and fup- theminifter port of her and of his child or children, shall desert or otherwise andchurch-.negledl and leave unsupported and maintained such child or

children, whereby they or any of them, being under the age of fame \G the fourteen, shall for the space of one month or more become navy board, chargeable upon any pariffi, it shall and maybe lawful to the and their in-minifter and churchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder,t[ of such pariffi, to certify the fa£l to the commissioners of the receive and navy, and also their intention to appoint a proper person to re- apply the ceive and apply, to the use of such child or children fo deserted or money for negledled, that part of the wages or pay which the father of such ^Udren°^^Scc ^ child or children had allotted for the support and maintenance of  5

his wife and children ; and if the commissioners of his Majesty’s navy, or any three of them, ffiall be satisfied with the truth and reasonableness thereof, they ffiall proceed in the fame way and manner towards the appointment of a proper person to receive that allotment of wages or pay which such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, had allotted to be paid to his wife, in the fame way and manner as if ffie had died, to be received and applied by such person as may be fo appointed, to and for the use and behoof of such child or children as aforesaid ; and the fame rules, orders, directions, and regulations, ffiall be followed and observed with respect to the person fo to be appointed, when the wife ffiall desert or neglect the child or children of such petty officer, feaman, landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, as if such wife had died, and such appointment had taken place in consequence thereof; and from and after the date of such appointment, the wife ffiall iiot be entitled to or receive any part of her huffiand’s wages or pay which had been allotted to her in manner aforefaid.

XVIII.  And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Nwy board as soon as it ffiall appear to the commissioners of the navy, by the to communi-return and inspection of the books of any ffiip or vessel in the pay ^^ofpettV of his Majeily, his heirs or fucceffors, or in any other manner officers, &c. or way, that any petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-com- who have al-miffioned officer of marines, or marine, who has allotted a part part of of his pay to his wife and child or children, or mother, has either theperfonsdi died, been difmiffed, or in any other manner or way quitted or reded to pay absented himfelf, from the service of his Majeffy, his heirs and it, who are to fucceffors, the said commissioners of the navy, or any three of acknowledge them, ffiall immediately communicate such intelligence to the t^o^a^on*1 treasurer of the navy, or to the receiver general of the land tax, penalty of

or to the collector of the cuftoms, or to the colle£tor of the ex- sol. See. cjfe, or to the clerk of the cheque, by whom the proportion of a  wages



Go< e

124 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28'. [1795.

wages allotted to the wife, mother, child, or children, of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, (hall have been directed to be paid, directing him to stop all future payments to such wife or mother, or on account of such child pr children, from and after the day of the death of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-com-miffioned officer of marines, or marine, being difmifled, quitting, or absenting himfelf, from the service of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and the treasurer of the navy, and such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, coheCtor of the excifc, or clerk of the cheque, (hull, within two days after the receipt of such notification, acknowledge the receipt of the fame by letter add refled to the commiilioners of the navy, at their board in London, under the penalty of twenty pounds, to be recovered and levied as aforesaid, and (hall not, on any account or pretence whatever, pay or cause to be paid to the wife or mother of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiifioned officer of marines, or marine, or to the person that may be appointed to receive the fame for the use of such child or children, in manner before-mentioned, in the event of the death of such wife, the whole or any part of the allowance allotted for the maintenance and support of his wife or mother, or of his child or children, out of his pay, from and after the day on which it {hall have been fo notified that such petty officer, feaman, land-man, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, had died, been difmifled, quitted, or absented himfelf, from the service of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefTors, as aforefaid.

Minift'ers and XIX. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That as church war- fcon as it (hall come to the knowledge of the minifter, or any of notice°oRhe churchwardens, or anY °f the elders of any parifh, that the death of wives wife or mother of any petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-ormothers re-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, entitled to receive ceiving allot- any benefit or allowance under the authority of this a£f, is dead, toThe navv^ min^er5 churchwarden, or elder, or any one of them, (hall board, or the immediately give notice thereof, by letter, to the commissioners persons pay- of the navy, or to the receiver general of the land tax, collector ing thermo- Gf the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, from whom the wife or mother of such petty officer, feaman, or tinue the landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, shall allowance till have received the allowance allotted to her; and such receiver furthe^di^ Senera^ °f the ^an<^ tax, colle6lor of the cuftoms, collector of the regions, * excife, or clerk of the cheque, shall immediately indorse on such letter of notification the day when he receives the fame, and shall forthwith transmit it to the coinmiffioners of the navy, and shall not thereafter make any payment on account or by virtue of the or^er under which such wife or mother, dying as aforefeid, was in use to receive her allowance out of her hufband’s or foil’s wages or pay as aforesaid, until he shall receive the further directions of the commifiioners of the navy thereon, by their tranf-mitting to him a triplicate of the order of appointment before mentioned of the person therein named being appointed for re-i  ceiving

1.795*] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III, c. 28.  125

ceiving that part of the wages allotted by such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiifioned officer of marines, or marine, for the maintenance and support of his child or children; but in cafe of no such appointment being made, the wages of every such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, fhall, from and after the death of his wife or mother, or the date of the 3aft payment made thereon, belong and be paid to such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, his executors, administrators, or affigns.

XX.  And be it enacfted by the authority aforesaid, That the Receipts for receipts taken from the wife or mother of every such petty officer, allotments of feaman, landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or ma- W

rine, together with the certificates of the minister and church- ment, on prowarden or churchwardens, or minister and elder or elders, as the du&ion of cafe may be, or the receipts taken from the person that may be them and cer-appointed to receive such allotment for the use of the child or ^av^officV^ children, in manner before-mentioned, in cafe of the death ofna^ ° Ce* such wife, together with the certificate of the minister and churchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, as the cafe may be, by every such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, being produced and delivered at the navy office, shall be immediately assigned for payment by three or more commissioners of the navy, and shall be immediately repaid by the treasurer of the navy to such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, colle<ftor of the excife, or clerk of the cheque refpedfively, or to their respective order, who shall have paid the fame to the wife or mother of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non com-miffioned officer of marines, or marine, or to the person that may be appointed to receive the fame for the use of the child or children, in the event of the death of such wife, in manner as aforefaid.

XXI.  And be it ena&ed, That all and every such receipts and Receipts for certificates taken from the wife or mother of every such petty

officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, treasurer of or marine, or from the person that may be appointed in manner the navy, &c. aforesaid to receive such allotment for the use of the child or tobefufficieni children, in cafe of the death of the wife, together with the cer- vou^bers. tificates of the minister and churchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, as the cafe may be, by the treasurer of the navy, for payments made by him to such wife or mother, or to fuch. person to be appointed in manner aforesaid, in cafe of the death, of the wife, and all the payments made by him to any receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, or to their refpeoVive orders, in virtue of such alignments made by the commiftioners of the navy, or any three or more of them, as before-mentioned, Shall -be deemed and taken as good and sufficient vouchers to the treasurer of the navy for fo much money as (hail have been paid by himlelf to the wife or mother of every such petty officer, feaman,

126

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1795.

Regulations for payment of allotments of pay in Ireland.

On death of wives receiving allotments

man, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine,, or to the person that may be appointed in manner afore laid, in the event of the death of such wife, or as shall have been directed to be paid by him to such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or cleric of the cheque, or to their refpeCtive orders, by such alignments as aforelaid, and as (hall have been paid by him thereon, and (halt be allowed as such to the treasurer of the navy, in passing his accounts.

XXII.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as an act shall be palled by the legislator of the kingdom of Ireland, making provision for payment in that country to the wife or mother, or for or on account of the child or children of any petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, in his Majesty’s navy, of the sum allotted out of his wages or pay for the maintenance and support of his wife and child or children, or mother, it shall and may be lawful to, and in the power of any petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, to desire that such part of his wages or pay, which he (hall allot for the maintenance of his wife and child or children, or mother, may be paid by any collector of the revenue, or revenue officer, in Ireland, and in such cafe the regulating officer for entering men for the navy, or the captain or commander of such ship or vellel as aforesaid, as the cafe may be, is hereby required, in the lift he is hereinbefore directed to make out, to mark, in a separate column, that such payment is requested to be made in Ireland\ the name of the wife or mother of every such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, and that he has a child, or how many children, distinguishing how many of such children are boys, and the district or address of the collector or revenue officer by whom such payment is desired to be made in Ireland; and such regulating officer, or captain or commander, fhall, upon the triplicates of such declaration and order for payment as are above mentioned, address the fame to the collector or revenue officer in Ireland, by whom such payment is desired to be made; and the commissioners of the navy, upon receiving such lifts, declarations, and orders as aforesaid, shall and are hereby directed to examine, number, date, and sign the fame, in manner as before directed, and shall in like manner cut the said triplicates alundcr through the oblique lines, flourifhes, and devices, and shall cause one of the said declarations and orders to be transmitted forthwith to the person named therein, as the wife or mother of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, and another of the said triplicates to be transmitted forthwith to the commissioners of the revenue in Ireland, and the third of the said triplicates to be delivered forthwith to the treasurer of the navy.

XXJII. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, in the event of the death of the wife of any petty officer, or feaman, or

landman,

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinta Georgii III. c. 28.  127

landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, whose of pay in wife resided in Ireland, and was entitled to an allotment out of freian<?.’ th,e. the wages of her hufband, to be paid in Ireland, the fame rules, ^ven£ ~m orders, and regulations, shall be observed with respect to the ap- Great Britain pointing of a proper person in Ireland to receive the fame allot- to beobferv-ment out of the wages of such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, for the main-  cf

tenance of such child or children, which he may have, under triplicates of fourteen years of age, as are herein-before directed respecting appointment, the child or children of such petty officers, feamen, or landmen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, or marines, whose wives {hail die in Great Britain, save that the triplicate of the appointment of such person who may be appointed to receive the said allotment in Ireland, in the form and manner before-mentioned, and whichis herein-before directed to the receiver general of the land tax-collector of the cuftoms, colledor of the excife, or clerk of the cheque in Great Britain, shall be transmitted to the com-miffioners of the revenue in Ireland.

XXIV.  And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Allotments when any sum allotted by any petty officer, feaman, or landman, commissioners non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, to be paid to his of therevenue wife, or mother, or for the maintenance of his child or children, in Ireland, to out of his wages or pay, shall have been actually paid by the di- be repaid by redion of the commissioners of the revenue in Ireland, such fum

or sums shall be repaid by the treasurer of the navy, who is hereby directed and required to pay tHe fame to the commissioners of the revenue in Ireland, or to their order, upon their producing and delivering the receipt or receipts of such wife or mother, or person to be appointed as herein-before mentioned, and the certificate or certificates of the minister and churchwardens or churchwarden, or elders or elder before-mentioned, to the commissioners of the navy, they, or any three of them, having previously assigned the fame upon the treasurer of the navy for payment.

XXV.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Allotments to all and every sum or sums of money to be paid to the wife or oy^dedudton mother, or to the person appointed to receive the fame for the on penalty use of the child or children of any petty officer, or feaman, or of aol. landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, under

the authority of this ad, shall be fully and completely paid to her or him without any dedudion or abatement, or under the pretence of reimbursement of any expence whatfoever, although part thereof may be in fradions of the fmalleii denomination : and every person detaining or withholding any part thereof, under pretence of former privilege or usage of office, or upon or under any pretence whatsoever, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered in the fame way and manner as any penalty or forfeiture in the collodion of the duties of excise and customs is directed to be levied and recovered, and shall be paid to the person suing and prosecuting for the fame,  XXVI.  And

12 8

Letter s from and to the caffiier of the treasurer of the navy to be free of pcft-age.

Penalty on cashier for fending under cover any paper not relating to this ad.

Treafurer or paymaster of the navy, See. may infpedf muster books, See.

Petty officers, &c. making allotments of pay to be borne on the ships books for the ba-}2nce only.

Perfons forg-ing orders tor payment, &c. to suffer death. 1

Anno regni tricefimp quinto Georgii III.-c.-i8. [1795*

XXVI.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all letters or packets lent by the cashier of the treasurer of the navy for paying Teamen’s tickets, in the execution of this ad, in manner and form herein-after direded, fhall, from and after the fir ft day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, be sent free from the duty of poftagfe; and all letters and packets relating to the execution of this ad, that shall be forwarded by the cashier of the treasurer of the navy for paying feamen’s tickets, shall be under covers, with the words* c Purfuant to ad of parlia-4 merit thirty-fifth George the Third,’ printed upon the fame, and the said cashier shall write his name under the fame, and,he is hereby ffridly prohibited and discharged from inclosing or fending under such covers any writing, paper, or parcel whatever, excepting such as shall relate to the execution of this ad.

XXVII.  And be it further enaded, That if any cashier appointed or to be appointed by the treasurer of the navy to pay feamen’s tickets, shall presume to fend or convey, under the covers aforesaid, any writing, paper, or parcel, other than those relating to the execution of this ad, he fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, and such fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the fame manner, to all intents and purposes, as any conviction may be made, and any penalty or fine may be levied or recovered for any offence against any law by which any duty of customs or excise is imposed or laid; and the said fine when recovered, shall be paid to the informer or informers againff such offender or offenders.

XXVIIL And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurer or paymafier of his Majesty’s navy, and the clerks employed or to be employed by the treasurer of the navy to carry this ad into execution, fhall, at all reasonable times have access to, and be entitled to inspect and perufe, the muffer book or mufier books of any ship or vessel whatsoever in the pay of his Majesty, his heirs and lucceffors, and all returns from hofpitals, hospital fhips, or lick quarters, and also to take such extrads or copies therefrom as they may think proper.

XXIX.  And be it enaded,That, from and after the firff day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, where any petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, shall make an allotment of part of his wages or pay for the support and maintenance of his wife and children, or of his mother, every such petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of-marines, or marine, fhall, from and after the date of such allotment and order for payment, signed bv him as aforesaid, only be rated and borne on the fhip’s books for the balance of his wages or pay that shall remain after deduding the sum fo allotted for the maintenance of his wife and children, or mother.

XXX.  And be it enaded, That if any person or perfons, from and after the firff day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly

ad

ty to direct the commissioners of the

1795.] Anno fegni tricefuno quinto Georgi! 1IL c. 28. lz9

and assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting, any such declaration or order for payment, or any certificate or receipt herein before described pr mentioned* or shall utter or ■ publish as true any such false and forged declaration, order, certificate, or receipt, to enable any person or persons to obtain payment of any wages or pay, or any part thereof, allotted as before-mentioned by any petty officer, feaman, landman, non-com mi ffioned officer of marines, or marine, to be paid to or for his wife and children, or mother, in manner herein-before mentioned, then every such person or perfons, being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.*

XXXI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, ox the commissioners The admiral* for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain,

(hall direct the commissioners of the navy to deliver sufficient quantities of blank declarations and orders for payment in the navy to deforms prescribed by this adt, to all regulating officers employed liver to regu-in raising men Tor his Majesty’s navy, and to all captains and lat,n£ officer^ commanding officers in his Majesty’s navy • and the said lord forrn^ofde-high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for execut- clafations and ing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, shall direct orders of the treasurer of the navy to cause to be printed an abftradl: ofPayment> the provisions and regulations contained in this adl, and to fend ancl tre9-~ or deliver a competent number of copies thereof to the principal printed^ officers and commissioners of his Majesty’s navy, to the com-and delivered miffioners of the customs and commissioners of excise in Englandanabftradt of and Scotland, and to the clerks of the cheque in his Majesty’s the provHiona dock yards, ,who are hereby ftridUy ordered and enjoined to hang °he commif° up and affix the fame in some conspicuous part of their several fioners of the offices, and to publish and promulgate the fame as much as may navy, &c. be in their respective departments; and the said lord high ad-Admiralty to miral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the cause copies office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, are further directed ^ d^hveTed° to cause a competent number of the copies of the said abftra£t to to captains of be delivered to the captain or commander of every ship or vefiel ships to be in his Majefly’s fervice, for the use of every such (hip or vefiel, read over with and such captain or commander is hereby direeled and required Paired-to publifh, promulgate, and read over the laid abftradi, at the e(j Qe0a fame time, in the fame manner, and under the fame penalties -and forfeitures as are directed (with respect to the articles of war and former a&s relating to his Majesty’s navy) by the aof the thirty-fecond year of King George the Third, intituled, An aft for extending certain aids therein mentioned to petty officers andfa-men, non-comm ffioned officers, of marines, and marines, fern ing, or who may have Jerved on board any of his Majefly's Jhips, and ref ding in Ireland.

c. 67.

Vol. XL.  K  G  A P«

130 Anno regni trtcefimo quinto Georgxi III. c. 29. [1795’.

CAP. XXIX.

An aft  for raising a certain number of , in the fever al

Jlevoartries, royal  burghs, and towns., that part of Great Britain

called Scotland, for the service of his Majcjly’s navy.—[April

28,1795.]

Preamble. xtt H E R E A S expedient for the puhlick fervice, that the V V mojl effectual means Jhould he adopted for providing a speedy supply of men, to serve in his Majejly's navy \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That there shall be levied within that part of Great Britain to be levied in called Scotland, in the several counties or ftewartries, and royal Scotland in burghs and towns, herein-after mentioned, such able-bodied men to serve his Majesty in the navy of -Great Britain, at such times and in such manner as herein-after is direfted; and that the number of men to be levied by virtue of this aft {hall be as follows; (that is to fay).

Men to serve in the navy

the proportions follow-

ing

For the county of Aberdeen one hundred and forty-one. For the city of Aberdeen twenty-two.

For the burgh of Kintore one.

For the burgh of Inver ary one.

For the county of Ayr fixty.

For the burgh of Ayr five.

For the burgh of Irvine two.

For the town of Kilmarnock eighteen.

For the county of Argyll ninety.

For the burgh of Inverary two.

For the burgh of Camhellton two.

For the county of Bute eight.

For the burgh of Rothfay two.

For the county of Berwick thirty-three.

For the burgh of Lauder two.

For the county of Banff iorty-feven.

For the burgh of Banff n.

For the burgh of Cullen one.

For the county of Caithnefs twenty-three.

For the burgh of Wick two.

For the town of Thurfo Rx.

For the county of Cromarty eight.

For the county of Clackmannan nine.

 (jjOCK^Ic

For

1795'] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29*

For the county of Dumfries forty-one*

For the burgh of Annan two.

For the burgh of Dumfries eleven*

For the burgh of Lochmaben one.

For the burgh of Sanquhar one*

For the county of Dunbarton fixteen.

For the burgh of Dunbarton tout*

For the county of Edinburgh fixty.

, For the city of Edinburgh, including the liberties of Canotigate^ Pleafance, South and North Leith, and Coalhili} fixty.

For the town of Dalkeith five.

For the town of Muffelburgh five.

For the county of Elgin thirty-eight.

For the burgh of Elgin four.

For the burgh of Forres two.

For the county of Fife eighty-eight.

For the burgh of Cupar four.

For the burgh of Dunfirmline feven.

For the burgh of Inverkeithing one.  ,

For the burgh of Bruntifand two.

For the burgh of Kingkorn one.

For the burgh of Kirkaldy four.

For the burgh of Dyfart two.  '

For the burgh of Anfruther Eafler one*

For the burgh of Anfruther IVefer one*

For the burgh of Craill one.

For the burgh of Kilrenny one.

For the burgh of Pittenweem one.

For the burgh of Saint Andrew's four.

For the county of Forfar fixty-four.

For the burgh of Brechin three.

For the burgh of Dundee twenty-two*

For the burgh of Forfar three.

For the burgh of Montrofe three.

For the burgh of Arbroath three.

For the county of Haddington thirty-five.

For the burgh of Haddington four.

For the burgh of Dunbar three.

For the burgh of North Benvick one.

For the county of Invernefs feventy-four.

For the burgh of Invernefs eleven.

For the county of Kinrofs fix.

For the county of Kincardine thirty-two.

For the burgh of Inverbervie one.

For the ftewartry of Kirkcudbright twenty-feveri*

For the burgh of Kirkcudbright three.

k 2  For

*32 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. [1795.

For the county of Lanerk fifty-five.

For the city of Glafgow fifty-feven.

For the town of Hamilton two.

For the burgh of Lanerk one.

For the burgh of Ruglen one.

For the county of Linlithgow eighteen.

For the burgh of Linlithgow four.

For the burgh of ghieensferry one.

For the county of Nairne fix.

For the burgh of Nairne two.

For Orkney thirty-four.

For th^ burgh of Kirhvall three.

For Zetland eighteen.

For the county of Peebles ten.

For the burgh of Peebles three.  3

For the county of Perth one hundred and fifty-two,

'  For  the burgh of Perth eighteen.

For the burgh of Culrofs one.

For the county of Renfrevj twenty.

For the burgh of Renfrew one.

For the town of Paifley, and the villages of Neivtouriy TVilliam Jkurg., Smiihhillsy Carriagehillsy Maxweltomy and Millerjloun9 twenty.

For the town of Port Glafgow one.

For the town of Greenock four.

For the county of Rofs fifty-fix.

For the burgh of Tain two.

For the burgh of Dingwall two.

For the burgh of Fortrofe one.

For the county of Roxburgh forty-three?

For the town of Kelfo five.

For the burgh of Jedburgh two.

For the county of Selkirk four.

For the burgh-of Selkirk two.

For the county of Stirling eighteen.

For the burgh of Stirling five.

For the county of Sutherland twenty-nine.

For the burgh of Dornock one.

For the county of Wigtoun forty-nine.

For the burgh of Wigtoun two.

For the burgh of Whitehorn one.

For the burgh of New Galloway one: and For the burgh of Stranraer four.

Admiralty to JJ, And further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That cers°to regu- i* &all and maybe lawful for the commissioners for executing late the admif- the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, fionofmen. -  and

1795’] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29.  133

and they are hereby required to constitute and appoint fo many officers to regulate the admission of men to be levied under the authority of this a6fc for his Majesty’s fervice, as the laid com-miffioners Shall deem neceffary, who, being fo refpedfively appointed, Shall establish convenient places of rendezvous for the reception of such men ; and every man fo to be levied Shall, before his inrolment, be examined by one Such regulating officer at the leaft, as to his ability to Serve his Majesty; and every Such officer Shall have the full power of approving or of rejecting any man tendered to Serve his Majesty, Subject nevertheless to Such controul and fuperintendance as by this a<ft is particularly directed.

III.  And be it enadfed by the authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the clerks of the peace of th£ Said Several counties and ftewartries in Scotland, (excepting the counties of Invernefs, Rofs, Cromarty, fe]^on of the1 Sutherland, and Caithnefs, and the ftewartry of Orkney and Zet~- juftices. land), fhall, within fifteen days after the passing of this aand the clerks of the peace of the said counties of Invernefs, Rofy Cromarty, Sutherland, and Caithnefs, and of the said ftewartry of Orkney 2nd Zetland, Shall, within twenty-five days after the passing of this a (ft, or Sooner if it can be done, cause an advertisement to be published in Some one newspaper published, or usually circulated within the county, Summoning the justices of the peace of the Said different counties and ftewartries to meet in general session upon a day to be mentioned in Such advertisement, and at the usual place where the justices of each county Severally are accustomed to meet; and the juftices, when assembled at Such meeting, Shall Seffion to af-proceed to distinguish and ascertain the valued rent of the diffe-rent parishes within the county or ftewartry, and apportion the eSj andappor-number of men to be raised for each county or ftewartry upon tion the mim-the several parishes, according to the proportion which the valua- her of men to tion of such pariSh bears to the total valuation of the county ; eL^coun^1' and the said justices (hall have power to adjourn till the duty in-cumbent on them by this a St is fully discharged, fo as such adjournment lhall only be from day to day, Sundays excepted.

IV.  And be it further enadted, That immediately after mak- Juftices to ing such apportionment ineach (hire or ftewartry, the justices of cause their the peace in and for the fame Shall cause their clerk to transmit to ^it the ministers of the several parishes within the (hire or ftewartry, ters anintima-other than parishes comprehended within the royal burghs and tion to be read towns herein-before mentioned, an intimation to be read from the b*om the pul-pulpit the first day of divine Service after receiving the lame, heritors1?©0^ requiring the heritors of the parish to meet, by themselves or meet to airedt agents, within five days from the time of the intimation being measures for fo made at the parish church or manse of the said pariSh ; and the procuring heritors, or their said agents, Shall meet accordingly, and at Such mcn' c‘ meeting Shall direct Such measures to be taken as to them Shall Seem most expedient to procure the number of men apportioned on the parifh, by the payment of bounty money, and to have the men procured delivered over to the regulating officer appointed to pass and receive them, within ten days after the meeting ; and in cafe the Heritors to said number of days Shall elapse without the quota of men appor- Pay a5h f°r

k 3  tioned

134 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. [1795.

each man de- tioned upon the parish being produced, delivered over, and palled* taCie&c°^U°" t^ien t^le heritors °^uch parish (hall be liable, in the fir ft inftance,

*  **  to pay unto the collector of the cess for the county or ftewartry

'  within which the parish is fituated, a sum of money equal to

twenty-five pounds sterling for each man of the quota required from the parish deficient, such deficiency being certified under the hand of the regulating officer of the diftritft, and copies of his certificate delivered to the minifterof the parifh, and to the clerk of the peace for the shire or ftewartry in which the parish is fitu-and ifnotpaid, ated; and in cafe the said heritors shall fail to make such payment the justices to vvithin the time above-mentioned, then the justices of the peace rifhes for defi  county  or ftewartry shall immediately assess the parish in

ciencies &c. the ftim ^ue f°r its deficiency at the rate aforesaid, according to the valued rent of the parifh, alcertained by them in manner aforesaid, and shall order the collector of the land tax for such county or ftewartry, and he is hereby authorised and required, .without loss of time, to recover the fame from the heritors of such parifh, in the fame manner, and by the fame means, as he is empowered by law to recover and render the land tax effedfual. Bounties to be V. And be it enaifted by the authority aforesaid, That the paid by the bounty monies to men procured by the heritors of the several mayraife the° Pai'5ftles fhall, in the first place, be provided and paid by the said amount onthe heritors, and an account kept thereof, and at the elapse of the pari(hesagree- time before-mentioned, when the sum of twenty-five pounds for to act 1663. each man then deficient is appointed to be recovered and paid as aforesaid, in order to defray the expence of the bounties to be given to the said men, it shall be lawful to the heritors in the said parifhes, or such of them as have advanced the bounty monies, or to any person authorised by them, to raise a sum equal to the whole of the money fo advanced and paid by them upon the parifh, agreeably to the a£t of the parliament of Scotland which was passed in the reign of Charles the Second, in the year one thousand fix hundred and fixty-three, chapter fixteen, and the proclamations of the privy council of Scotland in the reign of King William, ratified by an acf of the parliament of Scotland, which was palled in the fame reign, first September one thousand fix hundred and ninety-eight, chapter twenty-firft.

VI.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the cafe aforesaid of the number of men allotted to any parish not be-

affefs inhabit ra^e<^ ar,d delivered over as above directed within the time tants. See. in a before limited, and the sum of twenty-five pounds for each defi-moiety of the dent man being raised from the heritors as before directed, then the heritors paving shall be, and they are hereby authorised to assess the tenants, inhabitants, and pofieftors, of such parifh, in a moiety of the sum fo paid, to be Jevjed in the fame manner as they are empowered to do by the aforesaid a£ts of the parliament of Scotland.

VII.  And be it enabled, That in cafe any person or persons shall refuse or delay to pay his, her, or their proportion of the sum or sums fo afleiied or impofed, within the time appointed for payment thereof, the fame fhall, upon a complaint to the sheriff or

■  ftewart

ble c. 16, Scc.

Heritors paying for defi-

fum.

AfTeffinents may be recovered by dif-trefs.

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29.  135

ftewart depute of the (hire or ftewartry, or his fubftitute, by the procurator fifcai of the county or ftewartry, be recovered and rendered effectual by distress and sale of the effedis of the person orperfons refilling or delaying fo to pay.

VIII.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in ^ev^denc^of all cafes where there is not fufHcient evidence of the valued rent rent 0p

of lands, the apportionments and assessments hereby dirediedfha.il lands, aiTefT-be made according to the customary payment of the cess or land merits to be tax, or in such other way as to the justices of the peace of each Pade <|?co1rc*'| {hire or ftewartry, assembled as aforesaid, shall seem best j and in .°an*j ^ cafe there be no acting justice of the peace within any diftridt, where there the duty and powers by this adt made incumbent on or given to are no acting the justices (hall be performed and exercised by the flier iff depute or substitute for such diftridt, and the duties of the clerk of the  e

peace by the fherifT or stewart clerk, or his deputies.

IX.  And be it further enadled, That it shall be lawful for the Juftices may said justices at their laid meetings to add together, whenever they twoor^more shall think it neceftary, two or more parishes for the raising any parishes for man or number of men in pursuance of this adt, fo as to make raising men, the charge as equal, and impartial, and convenient as pofTible ; &c«

and the heritors of the parishes fo added together, or their agents, shall proceed to raise the proportion of men allotted for the fame, and to raise the money neceftary; and all the other proceedings directed by this adt shall take place in like manner as if the parishes fo joined did originally or bylaw form but one parifh; and the justices fhall, in the cafe of such jundtion, direct where the heritors of the parishes joined shall meet: and the said heritors are hereby directed and required to meet at the place fo appointed accordingly, by themselves or their agents.

X.  And be it further enacted. That where any parish lies in The charge two or more counties or ftewartries, the charge imposed on such ^arhh parish for raising men for his Majesty’s service by this adt shall ingin two

be in the shire or ftewartry where the church belonging to such counties to be parish is iituated, and the whole of such parish fhall, for the pur- made in that poses cf this adt, be deemed part of the said lhire or ftewartry, and ^^ch^fitu-all the money to be levied for or in respect of such parifh, in pur- atcd, &c. fuance of this adt, shall be paid to and recovered by the officers ' of the fame.

XI.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in cafe Penalty on any regulating officer shall fail to make his certificate, and to Q^e^aiKl cause copies thereof to be delivered as herein-before diredted, he procurator shall for every such failure be liable in the penalty of thirty-one fifcai for neg-pounds ten fhillings, to be recovered by summary complaint made left.

oy the procurator fifcai of the county or ftewartry to the sheriff or stewart depute; and in cafe the procurator fifcai shall fail in his duty in any of the articles before-mentioned, then he shall be liable in a penalty of thirty-one pounds ten shillings for each failure, to be recovered by a summary complaint to the sheriff or stewart depute by the regulating officer, the colledtor of the land tax, or any heritor of the parifh.

k 4  "  XII.  And

336 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii HI. c. 29. [1795, Orders of XII. And be it further enadled, That the orders or decrees of filial S?  ^leri^s  or Ewarts depute, and of the justices of the peace in .

any of the cafes before-mentioned, and in all proceedings held under this act (hall be final and conclqfive as to all parties, and shall not be removeable by bill of fufpenfion, advocation, or any other form or process of law, into any superior or other court whatfoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the magistrates of thefeveral cities, royal burghs, and towns, in this a61 mentioned* except the burghs and towns to the north-take measures ward of Invernefs, shall within ten days after the pafling of this for levying a61, and the magistrates of the several burghs, and towns in this men, and may a6l mentioned, situated north ot Inverne/s, fhall, within twenty-levy money to flVe (jayS after palfing of the fame, or sooner if it ca

Magiftrates within a limited time to

bounties.

can be done,

take such measures as shall seem to them mod expedient for levying the number of able-bodied men, according to the proportions herein-before allotted for each of the said cities, royal burghs, ancj towns ; and they shall be, and they are hereby authorised to levy from the heritors, burgedes, and inhabitants, of such cities, burghs, and towns, a sum not exceeding twenty-five pounds per man, for paying the bounties they may fee proper to give to such men as are actually levied, not exceeding the numbers allotted for such city, burgh, or town, by this a6I, in such manner, and by the fame proportions, as the cefs, dent, and other publick burdens and contributions are in use and by law afieded and levied in such cities, burghs, and towns refpedtively; and the men fo levied shall be delivered over by the said magidrates to the regulating officer appointed to a6t for that place in manner aforefaid.

XIV.  And be it enadded, That in cafe the magidrates of any of the said cjties, royal burghs, or towns, shall not have raised its full complement of men accepted of by the regulating officer within fifteen days after they are herein-before diredfed to take measures for that end, then the said magidrates shall dent and af-

magiftrates to fess the heritors and inhabitants in a sum equal to twenty-five poundsfor each man deficient, and shall levy the sum fo afieded in the fame manner, and according to the fame proportions, that the cess and other publick contributions are in use to be levied by law in such city, burgh, or town, and the said sum shall be paid to the collector of the cess for such city, burgh, or town, or where there is no colledtor of the cess for such city, burgh, or town, then to the colledtor of the cess for the shire or dewartry within which such city, burgh, or town, is fituated, to answer and pay the bounty money given to men levied to supply the deficiency, until the whole number allotted for such city, burgh, or town, shall be completed.  -

XV.  And be itena61ed, That in cafe the magidrates of any of the said cities, burghs, or towns, shall negle6I or refuse to adefs and dent the heritors and inhabitants thereof for the sums of money for which such city, burgh, or town, may be liable in cafe of deficiency as aforesaid, or to levy, apply, and pay over the fame

in

If the complement of men is not railed within a limited time, the

a fie fs the heritors and inhabitants for the deficiency.

Magiftrates neglecting to make afllff-ments for deficiencies, to be perforially liable* &c.

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii IIT. c. 29.  137

in manner and for the purposes aforesaid, then the magistrates ot such city, burgh, or town, making default, shall be personally liable in a penalty equal to the sum deficient, to be recovered by summary complaint to the sheriff depute, at the instance of the procurator fiscal of the fheriff*court, within thejurifdidion whereof such city, burgh, or town, making default, is situated; and the Turns fo recovered shall be paid over and applicable in the fame way that the Turns are by this aft directed to be applied in the cafe of the magistrates levying the fame from the heritors and inhabitants.

XVj. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^ard^art of where parishes are partly landward and partly within burgh, parifljgS t0 be the landward part of the parish shall be considered as part of deemed part the (hire or ffewartry liable for its proportion of the men allotted of the ftiire; by this aft to be raised in or for the fame, and the part within ^hin^h^8 burgh shall be included in the allotment for the burgh.  'burgh, part of

XVII.  And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it the fame, shall be lawful for any justice of the peace, or any fheriff*juftices, &c. or stewart depute, or fubftitute, or chief magistrate resident in may direft a any city, burgh, or town, in this aft mentioned, before whom ot boun-any person shall be brought to be examined touching his consent ^nced to^o"-to enter into his Majesty’s fervice, to direft that any fum, not lunteers on exceeding one third part of the bounty agreed to be paid to him on their being his engaging to serve shall be advanced to such perfon, or to such brought for of his family, and in such proportions, as he shall request at the and^h^refi-^ time of his inrolment herein-after mentioned ; and that the refi- due to remain due of such bounty shall be paid into the hands of the collector in the hands of of the cess for the (hire or ffewartry, burgh or town, to which the collector the said person belongs, or for which he is inlifted, there to the ^re^mut remain until the fame shall become payable to such perfon, on tered on his being muflered on board any of his Majesty’s ships of war. board.

XVHI. And be it enafted. That every person who (hall agree Volunteers to to enter himself as a volunteer in such service as aforesaid, shall be brought be produced before the officer or officers appointed to regulate J^areftVegu-fuch service at the neared place of rendezvous to any parish or lating officer, place for which such volunteer shall agree to ferve; and in cafe and, if ap-fuch officer or officers fhall, on examination, approve of such proved, before volunteer to serve his Majesty, then such volunteer or volunteers ^hjf”ffial/cer^ may forthwith be brought before any such juftice, sheriff depute, tify their en-or fubftitute, or chief magiftrate, resident as aforesaid, acting in tering, &c. s and for the parish or place ; and in cafe it (hail appear to such juftice, sheriff depute, or fubftitute, or magiftrate, that such person or persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or them-felves in the service of his Majesty’s navy, then they are hereby required forthwith to certify under their hands that such person or persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themfeives in the service of his Majesty’s navy, and at the foot of such certi-A ficate enter the amount of the Turns to be paid as bounty or bounties to such volunteer or volunteers, on his or their entering into such fervice, and the Turns (if any) which have been directed to b.e advanced to him or them at the time of his or their inrolment;

n8

when certificates are delivered, volunteers to be in rolled.

If regulating officers reject volunteers,the heritors orma-giftrates may apply to the sheriff depute, &c.

Regulating officer, before hearing complaint, to write his res ions lor rejection.

Sheriffs order final.

If men are not procured by the heritors or magiftrates, persons autho-rifed by his Majeffy may produce fub-ftitutes, or volunteers may offer themselves as such to any juftice, &c.

whoihall fettle the bounty, certify content, &c. and order the collector of the cess to pay the bounty.

Certificates or copies to be tranl'mitted with the per-fons inrollea to the commanding officer of the fhip, who shall make out a

Annoregnl tricesimo qulnto Georgxi III, c. 29. [1795.

tnent; and which certificates shall be delivered to such regulating officer, and he {hall thereupon cause such person or persons to be inrolled in his Majesty’s naval fervice.

XIX.  And be it enacted. That in cafe the regulating officer at the nearest place of rendezvous aforesaid shall reject any person or persons produced before him as such volunteer or volunteers as unfit to serve his Majesty, and the heritors of any parifh, or magistrates of any burgh or town, for which such person or persons shall have been tendered to ferve, shall think themselves aggrieved by the rejedtion, it shall and may be lawful for any one of such heritors or magistrates to apply by summary complaint to the sheriff or stewart depute, or fubftitute, of the shire or ftewartry, who shall cause the said complaint to be served on the said regulating officer or officers, directing him to answer the fame within a time to be limited, not exceeding fix days, and he or they, on receiving such notice, fhall, and they are hereby required, before the time of hearing the matter of the said complaint, to fet down his reasons in writing for such rejection, and such writing being exhibited to the sheriff or stewart deputes, or their fubftitute, they shall do therein what shall seem to them in their diferetion expedient, and their order shall be final and conclufive.

XX.  And be it enadbed, That in all cafes where default shall be made in procuring and delivering men by the heritors or magistrates as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any person or perfons, having authority under his Majesty to provide men for the service of the navy, toproduce any person or perfons, substitute orfubfti-tutes, or for any such person or persons voluntarily to come before any justice of the peace, sheriff or stewart depute, or fubftitute, or chief magistrate resident of the county, diftridt, or place, refpec-tjvely for which they are produced or come, and be examined as to their consent to serve in his Majesty’s navy, asfubftitutes for such parishes or places refpectively, and who fhall, and they are hereby authorised and required to fettle the bounty or bounties to be paid for such substitute ; and such justices fhall, in cafe any such persons shall be approved of by the regulating officer as aforesaid, certify such consent and approbation, and the bounties agreed to be paid, in the manner herein-before directed with respect to volunteers ; and the said justices lhall thereupon make an order upon the colledlor of the cess for the shire or ftewartry, or burgh or town, for which such substitute is inrolled, to pay the bounty money out cf the money in the hands of such collector, arising from the assessments made for and in the parish or place for which such substitute or substitutes is or are admitted.

XXI.  And be it enacted, That every such certificate fo granted, or a full and true copy thereof, signed by the regulating officer, shall in all cafes be transmitted alongft with the person inrolled, and delivered to the commanding officer of the ship or vessel on board which such person shall be entered to ferve, and such commanding officer fhall, within four days from the time of such person being mustered and rated on board such fhip, or before such ship or veil'd

fhall



^ 

V

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. g. 29.  139

(hall proceed to fea, make out a ticket or tickets for the payment ticket for the

of the bounty money agreed to be paid to such perfon, and then ^,un yGue>

remaining due, in such manner as if such money had become due

to such person on account of arrears of wages as a seaman on board

fuch (hip or veffel, and such bounty money (hall and may be paid

to such perfon, or to his family, in the manner directed by the

acts regulating the payment of the wages of seamen employed in

the royal navy, the money being paid by the collector of the cefs

for the particular (hire, ftewartry, or burgh or town.

XXII.  Provided always, and be it enacted. That no person Disqualified {hall be received or inrolled in his Majesty’s service by virtue of be^nrohed. ° this acft, who is not, in the opinion of the regulating officer or

officers, such an able-bodied man as is St to serve his Majesty,

and is free from ruptures, and every other diffemper or infirmity

which may render him unfit to perform his duty in the navy ; or

who, in the opinion cf such officer or officers, (hall appear to be

under the age of fix teen years, or above the age of forty-nve

years ; nor any person being an articled clerk or apprentice (un-

lefs with the consent of the mnfter of such clerk or apprentice); But no such

nor any person inlifted in any of his Majesty’s forces, or already person if in-

entered in his Majesty’s navy ; nor any deferter: provided that no  as

perfon inrolled by virtue of this a£f (hall by reason of any such dif- being an ar-

qualification, as being a clerk, or apprentice, orenlifted, or entered, tided clerk,

or being a deferter, be liable to be discharged from his MajeOy’s &c- unlels^

fervice, or taken out of the fame, unless notice in writing of such

r ?r .  7  0  ,  diiqualinca-

duqualincation lhall be given to the officer or officers under whole tion be given command such person shall be, before the time of his entering on before his en-board any of his Majesty’s (hips of war as afailor, and before the tcring on bounty hereby authorised to he paid, or any part thereof, shall  ^3re*

have been paid or satisfied to him.  bounty.

XXIII.  And be it enabled, That all the laws and regulations Laws atrainft established against delerters from his Majesty’s naval fervice, and deferters, &c. against persons harbouring or concealing deferters, (hall attach t0 extend to upon and be conllrued to comprehend the cafes of persons inrolled j^10118 inlol~ by virtue of this adh,

XXIV.  And be it enadled, That it shall and may be lawful to Men inrolled quarter and billet the men inrolled in his Majesty’s fervice, by ^^tlie virtue of this aft, while on fhore, in such manner, and at such rjnes> times and places refpedtively, and under such and the like powers,

rules, regulations, rellridtions, and provifions, as his Majesty’s marine forces may be quartered and billetted by an a6t, palfed in the last session of parliament, intituled, ’ An aft-for the regulation of his Majefly’s marine forces while on floorey or by any other a61 in force for the regulation of his Majesty’s said marine forces.

XXV.  And be it furtherenadled, That all the expences incur- Expences of red in the execution of this a61, (including such gratifications for executing this the trouble of the clerks of the peace, and other officers, who are ^ relpedlively required to execute this aft, as shall be deemed ade- rcfpedtive quate for their trouble by the j uHices of the peace or sheriff depute, counties, Scc. or fubftitute, or resident chief magistrate as aforefaid), shall be

defrayed by the several counties, ftev/artries, burghs, and towns,

feverally;'



Collectors of the land tax may advance bounties.

of the treasury, &c*

140 Anno regni tricesimo quinto GeorgIi III. c 29. [1795.

feverally; and the collectors of the land tax in the Several counties, ftewartries, and burghs, are hereby empowered to afTefs and levy the Said expence along with the land tax, according to the rules and proportions herein-before mentioned.

XXVI.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That until the money to be raised by virtue of this a6t Shall be actually recovered and paid in to the Several collectors, that the reSpe&ive collectors oSthe land tax, out oS the publick money in their hands, {hall, and are hereby authorised and required to advance and pay Such Sums as may be necessary Sor payment of bounties to Such perSons as Shall be approved of by the regulating officers. Perfonsreceiv- XXVII. And be it further enaCted, That the collectors of the iiifder^htJaCt ce*~s *n ^evera^ counties, ftewartries, burghs, and towns, herein-to be liable as before mentioned, and all other perSons into whose hands money publick ac- raised or contributed under or in pursuance of this act {hall be countants. paid. Shall be liable for the Same as publick accountants ; and all Surplus to be Surplus money remaining, after fatisfyingthe purposes of this aCt, ^a^ be at disposal of the commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury, to be applied in providing men for the augmentation of his Majesty’s navy, in Such manner as in their discretion (hall Seem expedient; and the said collectors and receivers {hall transmit an account of Such Surplus money to his Majesty’s treasury accordingly, within thirty days after Such Surplus {hall arife, and the usual process {hall and may issue for compelling an account and payment thereof.

XXVIII.  And whereas the regulating officer appointed to receive and pass the men as above-mentioned may not be able to go through the examination of such men at the different places of rendezvous within his dijirift, in the [pace of ten days after the meeting of the heritors for the purpojes above-mentioned; be it enaCted, That Such regulating officer may intimate to the clerks of the peace of each county or ftewartry, and chief residing magiitrate of each burgh or town situated within his diftriCt, that he will be ready to receive Such men as they may have procured, at Such particular place of-reiv-dezvous, and on Such Several successive days, as he may find absolutely neceftary, to enable him to travel without loss of time, to receive men. and with all Suitable difpatcb, from one place of rendezvous to another, in the several counties, burghs, and towns, within his diftri<5t; and the clerk of the peace (hall forthwith give notice to the minister of each parish within the county, or, in his abfence, to the precentor or fefiion clerk of the Same, of the place of rendez-minilter, when vous, and the particular day on which the heritors of Such parish the volunteers are respectively to produce and deliver over Such volunteer or ^r°~ volunteers as aforesaid, or in default thereof to be liable in the heritors ^or 6 Pena^y °f twenty-fiye pound5 sterling above-mentioned for each 25I. to be p iid man of their quota deficient, to be levied, recovered, and applied, for each man as herein directed ; and the chief resident magistrate of each burgh deficient. or town is in like manner to produce and deliver over at such

Chief magif- place of rendezvous, on Such day as the regulating; officer {hall

trates to be *  7  j  do

liable in 25I. notify Such volunteer or volunteers apportioned on each, or in

for each man default thereof to be liable as aforesaid in the penalty of twenty-

not produced.  five

Regulating

officers may intimate to clerks of the peace, and chief magif-trates, when and where he will be ready

Clerks of the peace to give notice of the fame to the

3795*] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30.  143

five pounds for each man deficient, to be levied, recovered, and applied, as herein dire&ed.

XXIX.  And be it enaded, That if any action shall be brought limitation of against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of a 1 s'

this a£I, such action or fuit shall be commenced within fix months after the fad committed, and not afterwards.

XXX.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Adtmaybe adt may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any adt or acts to be

made in this present session of parliament.  itiTion

CAP. XXX.

An a Ft for granting to bis Majejiy fever al additional duties on Jlamped vellum, parchment, and paper ; and for repealing a certain exception as far as relates to bonds given as security for the payment of one hundred pounds or under, contained in an att of the twenty-third year of his present Majeflfs reign,—[April 28, 1795 - J

Mofl gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s mofl: dutiful and loyal fubjedis, the com- Preamble, mons of Great Britain in parliament afiembled, towards railing the necefiary supplies to defray your Majesty’s publiclc expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be made, or flock to be created, by virtue of any ad or ads for that purpose to be pafied in this fefiion of parliament, have freely and voluntarily refqlved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein-after mentioned; and do mofl: humbly beseech your Majeffy that it may be enaded; and . be it enacted by the King’s mofl excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July From July one rhoufand seven hundred and ninety-five, there shall be the following raifed, levied, colledfed, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great ^dnonal Britainy unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc- 1CS ° e^ai cefiors, the several new and additional stamp duties following; that is to fay.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of Affidavits for paper, upon which any affidavit (hall be ingrofied, written, or whkh 6d. is printed, for which the stamp duty of sixpence is payable by q€J %% virtue of an ad made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of 6d. his late Majesty, there shall be charged the additional stamp duty of sixpence :

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece Copies offuch of paper, upon which any copy of such affidavit as is before affidavits read charged, that shall be filed or read in any court, shall be ingrof- mcou?'tj fed, written, or printed, there shall be charged the additional stamp duty of fixpence;

For

Depositions taken before the courts of feffions, Scc. ful.

Original writs (except where a writ of capias iffiies) fub poena, &c. is*

Agreement for which 6s. are payable by a<5t 23 Oeo. 3.

Indentures, See. for which is. is payable by a(ft 23, Oeo. 3. £s.

Additional duties on probates of wills, or letters of adminiftra-tioxi.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto GeorgiI. III. c. 30. [179^

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingroffed, written, or printed, any depoiition or depositions of a witness or witneffes, taken in any cause or fuit before the court of feffions, or commission of tiends, or court of admiralty in Scotland, or commissary court of Edinburgh, or in any civil cause before any inferior court in Scotland, or whereupon any affidavit or written depofition, produced in the court of exchequer in Scotland, shall beingroffed, written, or printed, there (hall be charged an additional stamp duty of fixpence: For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingroffed, written, or printed, any original writ, (except such original upon which a writ of capias iffues), fubpeena, bill of Middlefex, lattitat, writ of capias, quomlnus, writ of dedlmuspotejlatum to take anfwers, examine witneffes, or appoint guardians, or any other writ whatfoever, or any other process or mandate that shall issue out or pass the great seals of any of the courts at Wejhnlnjler, courts of great sessions in IVales, courts in the counties palatine, or any other court whatsoever holding plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty fh'Uings, or above, or the thing in demand is of that value, (writs of covenant for levying fines, writs of entry for suffering common recoveries, and writs of habeas corpus, always excepted), there shall be charged an additional (lamp duty of one fhilling: For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any agreement shall be ingroffed, written, or printed, for which the stamp duty of fix {hillings is payable by virtue of an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, there shall be charged an additional ffamp duty of one fhilling:

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingroffed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any indenture, leafe, bond, or other deed, for which a {lamp duty of one shilling is payable by virtue of an adf, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, there shall be charged an additional stamp duty of one fhilling: And for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingroffed, written, or printed, any probate of a will, or letters of adminiftration, for any estate of or above the value of one thousand pounds, over and above all other rates and duties already imposed thereon, there shall be charged a further additional duty of two pounds and^ ten {hillings ; and where the estate is of or above the value of two thousand pounds, a further additional duty of two pounds and ten {hillings ; and where the estate is of or above the value of five thousand pounds, a further additional duty of five pounds ; and where the estate is of or above the value of ten thousand pounds, a further additional duty of ten pounds.

Duties to be II. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That, under the for the more effectual levying, colledting, and paying, all the said management duties hereinbefore granted, the fame shall be under the government.

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30,  143

ment, care, and management, of the commissioners for the time of commit being appointed to manage the duties charged on (lamped vellum,  °

parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowerd to employ the necessary officers under them for that purpose ; and, in order to denote the duties payable by virtue of this act, whenever they fee occafion, to use such {lamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, or to cause new (lamps to be provided for that purpose, or one new {lamp to denote the former duties, and also the duties granted by this adl; and to alter or renew the fame respectively from time to time, and to do all other things neceffiary to be done for putting this act in execution, with relation to the said several duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as fuH and ample a manner, as they or the major part of them are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

III. And ivhereas by an aft, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majefly, intituled, An adl for granting to his 23 ^eo/ 3- c* Majefly several additional and new duties upon (lamped vellum, iecite * parchment, and paper; and also for repealing certain exemptions from the (lamp duties, it was enafted, 'That, from and after the first day of Augufl one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there Jhould be raifed, leviedcolic ft ed, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto the use of his Majefly, his heirs andfaccejfors, the rates and duties following ; that is to fay, For every skin or piece of vellum or parch?nent, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which j,hall be ingrojfed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any indenture, leafe, or other deed, for which a Jlamp duty of one fulling andfixpence is payable by virtue of an aft, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majefy, (except bonds given as security for the payment of any sum or sums of money), there shall be charged an additional jlamp duty of one /lulling : be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Exemption'in That, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven fecjt,ed act of

.  .  .  .  .  /-  .  ^  J  J  J  -  .  hnnHs. tnr

bonds, as far as relates to

hundred and ninety-five, the said exception, as far as the fame relates to bonds given as security for the payment of any sum or bonds for iool. sums of money amounting to one hundred pounds, or any less and under, fum, (hall be, and is hereby repealed.  repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Perfons coun-if any person (hall counterfeit.or forge, or cause or procure to be terfeiting counterfeited or forged, any (lamp to resemble any (lamp di- d^th*0 reeled or allowed to be used by this a61, for the purpose of denot- c ing the duties by this act granted, or (hail counterfeit or resemble the impression of the fame, with an intent to defraud his Majefly, his heirs or fucceffiors, of any of the said duties, or (hall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to any (lamp duty by this act impofed, with such counterfeit (lamp of mark thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeit, or (hall privately or fraudulently use any (lamp directed or allowed to be used by this adt, with intent to defraud his Majesty of the said duties; then every person (o offending, and being thereof lawfully u  convidledj



tend to this a£t

Duties to be

144 Anno regnl tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1795,

convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy, former acts V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That not hereby al- powers, provifions, articles, claufes, penalties, and forfeitures, tered, to ex- and distributions of penalties and forfeiture?, and all other matters and things preferibed or appointed by any former a£t or adls of parliament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (and not hereby altered), shall (as far as the fame are applicable) be of full force and effect with relation to the additional duties hereby impofed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raifing, levying, collecting, and fecuring, the said additional duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted with relation to the said additional duties.

.aid to there  And  furt^er enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

ceWer°general t^ie monies fifing by the several duties hereby granted or made of Ramps, See. payable, shall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall pay the fame, the necessary charges of raifing, paying, and accounting for the fame being deducted, into the receipt of the exchequer at such time and in such manner as the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid, and the said money fo paid into the said receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to, and made part of the consolidated fund.

VII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the monies arising or to arise of the several rates or duties hereby granted, or fo much thereof as shall be fufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the

lioned by any increased charge occasioned by any loan made, or flock created °*r  or to be created by virtue of any act or acts passed or to be palled

L llon‘  in this feifion of parliament; and that the said monies fhall, dur-

ing the space of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the said receipt diftinftiy and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, paid into the said receipt, fhall, together with the rqoaies arising from any other rates and duties granted in thisffeffion of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceffors, upon any account whatever.

VIII.  Andbe it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be fued, mo-lefted, 'or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this a£l, or of any claufe, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead

General iffue- the general iffue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence ; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the

defendant

Duties to be applied in defraying any increased charge occa-

1795-2 Anno I'egni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 31.  145

defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become non-

fuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble coffs Treble cofts.

awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs*

CAP. XXXI.

An aft for extending the provisions of an aft, made in the thirty fourth year of the reign of his present Majefly, to cutters, lugger s± fh allops, wherries[macks, or yawls, of any built whatever; for amending an aft, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majefly, more effectually to secure the performance of quarantine, ana for amending several laws relative to the revenue of customs , for amending an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majefly, intituled. An aft for the relief of the captors  f

of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom; and for authoriflng the commif-floners of excise at Edinburgh to grant licences to mannfafturers and dealers in tobacco and fnujf, within the limits of the chief office of excise at Edinburgh.—[April 28, 1795*]

WHEREAS by an aft, paflfed in the lafl fefflon of parliaments Preamble.

for making more effectual an aft, made in the twenty- 54. Geo. 3. c, fourth year of the reign of his present Majefly, cfor the more S°> recited,

4 effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom’; it is enafted.,

That every cutter, lugger, Jhallop, wherry, fmack, or yawl, belonging in the whole or in part to any of his Majefly" s subjects of the built in the said recited aft particularly defcribed, which Jhould be found or discovered to have been within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within the distance of four leagues from the coast thereof, or within the distance therein particularly fpecifled, Jhould be forfeited, together with all the goods laden thereon, and all her guns, tackle, ancl furniture : and whereas it is expedient that the provisions of the said aft Jhould be extended to every cutter, lugger, Jhallop, wherry, fmack, or yawl, belonging in the whole or in part to his Majesty"s fubjefts, of any built ivhatfoever : be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the provisions Provinces of of the said aft shall extend, and are hereby declared to extend, to recited a ft to every cutter, lugger, fhallop, wherry, fmack, or yawl, belonging tersn&c°of ^ in the whole or in part to his Majesty’s fubjefts, of any built any built, whatsoever the fame may be.

II.  And ivhereas by an aft, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majefly, intituled. An aft more effectually to *8 Geo. 3. c. secure the performance of quarantine; and for amending several 34> recited, laws relating to the revenue of customs ; the commiffloners of his Majefly s customs and excise in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, and the commiffloners of his Majesty'$ customs in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them, are au-thorifed and required refpeftively, out of any monies in their hands arising from his Majefly"s Jhare of jeizures, to reward any officer or officers of the customs and excise who shall seize any vessel or boat which Voi,. XL.  L  by

Commiffion-ers of excise in Scotland may regard their officers as the com-fniffioners of

thorifed by la ft recited att.

23 Geo. 3. c. $4, recited j

146 Anno regiti tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 31. [1795.*

by law Jball be liable to be broken up after condemnation, and shall not be used in his Majejly’s service in the manner in the said aft mentioned: and whereas it is expedient that the commissioners of excise in Scotland ffiould be authorised and required to reward officers of excise in Scotland ?naking seizure of vessels or boats in like manner: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commif-fioners of his Majesty’s excise in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them, {hall be, and they are hereby authorised and required, out of any monies in their hands arifiiig from his Majesty’s (hare of feizures, to reward any officer or officers Scife^n^Eng- exciie *n Scotland who shall seize any vessel or boat which by land are au- law shall be liable to be broken up after condemnation, and (hall not be used in his Majesty’s fervice, in such manner and form, and to the fame extent, and with the like sums of money, as in and by the said recited aft are provided, authorifed, and required to be done by the commissioners of his Majesty’s excise in England.

III.  And whereas by on aft, paffied in the thirty -tbit d year of the reign of his present Majejly, intituled, An aft for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom ; it is amongst other things enabled, That any prize goods which should be received' into any warehouse in pursuance of the said aft, or which were then remaining in any warehouse in this kingdom where they had been secured under the King’s locks by the permission of the commissioners of the cufloms, Jhould and might, upon payment of the respective duties before dir eft ed by the said aft, be exported at any time directly from thence, either by the captors or their agents, or by any other person or per fans, without paying any further duty of cujlonis or excise for the fame, the person or persons exporting the fame giving sufficient security in double the value of the goods before the delivery thereof out of the warehouse that the fame Jhould be really and truly exported, and not brought back again or relanded in any part of Great Britain, or landed in the ijlands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro, which security the cujlomer or collector of the port from whence the fame were intended to be exported was thereby required and authorised to take in his Majejly’s name and to his Majejly’s ufe: and whereas it is expedient to extend the security dir eft ed to be given by the said recited aft to the if and of Alderney, and to require security in like manner that such goods shall not be landed in the ifand of Alderney: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the security required to be given by the said recited aft shall be, and is hereby directed to be extended to the island of Alderney, in like manner as by the said recited aft it is extended to the islands therein mentioned, and that security shall be given in double the value of the goods intended to be exported in pursuance of the said recited aft, that the fame shall not be landed in the said island of Alderney.

IV.  And whereas by an aft, paffied in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majefy> intituled, An aft for repealing the duties on tobacco and {huff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof,

power

and security thereby required not to reland captured goods in Great Britain, &c. extended to Alderney.

29 Geo. 3.

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo qulnto Georgii III. C.32. 147

power is given to the commijfioners of excise in Scotland, or any two or more of them, to grant licences to authorise persons to manufacture tobacco or fnuff, or to deal in tobacco or fnuff, within the limits of the city of Edinburgh : and whereas it is expedient that the commijftoners of excise Jhould have authority to grant such licences within and throughout the limits of the chief office of excise at Edinburgh : be it therefore enaCted, That all licences which {hall be taken out by

*  *''1  1  T

any person or persons to manufacture tobacco or fnuff, or to deal manufacture in tobacco or fnuff, within the limits of the chief office of excise 0r deal in to-at Edinburgh, or any part thereof, after the passing of this aCt, baccoorfnufF, shall be granted by such commiffioners, and no other persons  ^

whatever, and in such manner and under the like terms, con- chief8office^f ditions, and payments, as licences to authorise any persons to excise in manufacture tobacco or fnuff, or deal in tobacco or fnuff, within Edinburgh to the limits of the city of Edinburgh, may be granted by virtue of b,e granted by

,h« bidrecited «<a/

CAP. XXXII.  txcife*

An aft for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy and victualling bills.—[April 28, 1795.]

Molt gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s molt dutiful and loyal fubjeCts, the com- Preamble.

mons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, having taken into our serious consideration the present Hate of the debt of your Majesty’s navy, and being desirous to make some provision towards fatisfaCtion thereof, have refolved,that all persons interested in or entitled unto any bills payable in the course of the navy or victualling offices, which were made out on or before the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, who Ihould, on or before the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, carry the fame, after having had the intereftdue thereupon computed and marked upon the said bills at the navy or victualling offices refpeCtively, to the tenth day o$ March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to the office of the trea-furer of his Majesty’s navy, to be marked and certified by him or his paymaster and caffiier to the governor and company of the bank of England, ffiould be entitled in respect of the fame to one hundred and eight pounds capital stock for every one hundred pounds contained in such' certificates, and fo in proportion for any greater or lesser lum, the said capital flock to be attended with annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per an-nuni, to be paid and payable at the times and in the manner ' herein mentioned; we, your Majesty’s most faithful commons, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all persons interested in Navy or vie-or entitled unto any bill or bills payable in the course of the navy tualling bills or victualling offices, which were made out on or before the Sep.^o,"

,L 2  thirtieth  x793, with in* •

Holders of such bills may deliver them to be fo marked.

Anno regni tricefinio quinto Georgii III. c. 32. [1795.

tereft to thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred*and ninety-1795°, marked t^lree5 w^°  on  or  before  the  farffc  day  of  May  one  thousand

thereVm at the seven hundred and ninety-five, carry the fame, after,having had respective of- the interefi thereupon computed up to the tenth day of March to th Car;vied °ne t^ou^anc^ l'evcn hundred and ninety-five, and marked upon officeV^May t^ie  bills at the navy or victualling offices refpeCtively, to

1,  to be ex- y the office of the treasurer of his Majefly’s navy, shall have in changed for exchange for the fame from such treafurer, or his paymafler or the^lfank65 n° cal^'er’ a certificate to the governor and company of the bank titling to\08l~  f°r  the  amount  of  the  principal  and  interefi:  Com-

tek per iool. puted thereupon; and the persons that shall be fo pofiefied of any luch certificates fhall, upon delivery thereof to the said governor and company, be entitled in respect of the fame to the sum of one hundred and eight pounds capital flock for each one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier fum, which said capital flock shall be attended with annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and shall be paid and payable at the bank of England at the times and in the manner herein mentioned.

II.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who shall be pofiefied of, interested in, or entitled unto any bill or bills payable in course out of his Majefly’s offices of the navy or victualling, which were respectively made out in the said respective offices on or before the thirtieth day of Septe?nber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to deliver such bill or bills to the respective treasurers of the said offices, to be marked, computed, and certified in such manner as is herein-after mentioned at any time on or before the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and at such place or places as shall have been appointed by notice given in The London Gazette, and other pub-lick papers for that purpose.

III.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-Intereft on thority aforesaid, That the interefi which became due on the said bills to be tenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, tbemebefore11 ^or anc^ *n re^Pe(^ °f the said navy and victualling bills, shall be delivery at the computed and marked upon the said bills at the navy and vic-navy office, tualiing offices respectively before the fame are delivered to the

treafurer of his Majelly’s navy, and the proper officer and officers of his Majefly’s navy and victualling offices respectively is and are hereby authorised and required to compute and mark, the interefi as aforesaid upon every such bill which shall be tendered to him or them for that purpose.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the treasurer of his Majefly’s navy for the time being to take in and receive from all and every

bills,  person  or  perfons,  natives  or  foreigners,  bodies  politick  or  corpo-

andmakeforth rates who is or are or final! be poUdled of, interested in, or entitled certificates. -  unto,

Treafurer of the navy to such

* 

1795’] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32.  149

unto, any such navy or victualling bills, all the said bills which any such person and perfons, bodies politick or corporate, fhall, on or before the said first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, deliver to such treasurer ; and the said treafurer, or his paymaster and cafhier, is and are hereby authorised and required to mark and cancel every such bill, and make forth and sign the certificate herein directed to be made out in lieu of the said bills.

V.  And be it further enaCfed by the authority aforesaid, That all Such certify and every person and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, who ^atesto entl~ {hall deliver any such bill or bills to the said treasurer as aforesaid, ity ^l^per1"' upon producing such certificates as are hereby directed to be made cent, per ann, forth by the said treasurer in lieu of such bills, fhall, in respect of from Jan. x, the principal sum hereby granted for every sum of one hundred r795* pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or lesser sum have

and be entitled to an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and to be paid or payable to such person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or such as he, fhe, or they, shall appoint, his, her, or their, executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, or afligns, refpedtively, which said annuities (hall be in lieu of all other intereft: for or in respect of such bills, and shall be payable half-yearly at the bank of England, at two of the most usual days of payment in the year ; that is to fay, the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; the first payment thereof to become due on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five ; and that all persons and corporations entitled to any such annuity or annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their, adminiftrators, fuccef-fors and aiTigns, refpedtively, and all persons and corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, {hall have good, fure, abfolute, and indefeasible estates and interests in the said annuities, according to the tenor and true meaning of this adt, until the redemption thereof in the manner herein directed, and shall be pof-feffed thereof as of a personal estate which shall not be descendible which shall be

to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom Gf personal eftate, r 1  y  ' r  i^n  r  3  1  and free from

London or otherwile ; any law, cultom, or ulage, to the contrary taxes.

notwithftanding ; and that all the said annuities shall be free from

all taxes, charges, and impofitions, whatfoever.

VI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per con^oHdPted16

annu?n, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, fund, andirre-

the consolidated fund, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, deemable, til!

all such sums of money as have been directed by any former adt or

adts of parliament : and that the said annuities shall be irredeem- pe^ cenu". be

able until twenty-five millions of the publick debt, bearing paid off.

intereft after the rate of either three pounds per centum per annum,

or four pounds per centum per annum, shall have been redeemed

and paid off.

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tre^furer^oi That; upon the delivering in of such navy or victualling bills by giveTcertfft-

f" 3  any  cate for the

and shall be free from itamp duties.

Guardians

amount of any person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, the treasurer intereft^wh?di  Majesty’s navY> or his -paymafter and cafhier, fhall, and they

may beaflign- are hereby authorised and required forthwith to give a certificate, ed before Au- signed by him or them, for the principal sum or furps contained gust 39, 1795. in such bills, and also for the interefl: which shall have been computed and marked as aforesaid to be due on the said tenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to such person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or his, her, or their ailigns, and all such certificates {hall be assignable by indorsement thereupon, made at any time before the twenty-ninth day of duguft one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and no longer; and no such certificate or afiignment thereupon shall be charged with any {ramp duties whatever ; and that the interefl: fo computed and marked on every such bill shall be added to the principal sum contained in every such bill refpedlively, and the amount of such principal and interefl: certified in manner before directed shall be the principal-fums for which the person or per-* ions, bodies politick or corporate, delivering such bills, shall be entitled to such capital flock as aforesaid, after the rate of one hundred and eight pounds for every one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and fo in proportion for any greater or lesser fum, to be attended with an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum.

VIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Sfls^r'tfene^  ^ anY ^n^ant or infants -fhall have become entitled to any of

fit of infants." *be bills, in such cafe the guardian or guardians, trustee or

truffees of such infant or infants, shall or may, and he, fhe, or they, is or are hereby empowered, for the benefit of such infant or infants, to deliver up to such treasurer all such of the said bills to which such infant or infants shall be fo entitled ; and such infant and infants, upon such guardian or guardians, trustee or truftees, delivering up such bill, shall be entitled to such an annuity as aforesaid as fully as any other person or persons whatever; and the said guardian or guardians, trustee or truftees, shall be discharged from the fame, fo as the name of such infant be ex-prefled in such certificate or certificates ; any thing herein contained, or any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary in anywise notwithftanding.

IX.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority Executorsj&c. aforesaid, That all persons who, as executors, adminiftrators, bifls in theii*up tru^ees^ committees of ideots or lunaticks, or persons of unfound polTeflion in rQirid^ depofitaries, or mortgagees, shall be or become poffeffed

of, interested in, or entitled unto, any of the said bills, shall and may deliver up such bills as they shall be refpedfively poflfefTed of, interested in., or entitled unto, to such treasurer as aforesaid, to be cancelled and certified as aforesaid j and as to executors or adminiftrators, the capital flock of annuities which they (hall be respectively entitled to in respect of the said bill fo by them delivered up, and the dividends from time to time arising therefrom, shall be assets in their hands in the fame manner as the said bills were or would have been had they not been fo delivered up j and as to truftees, committees, depofitaries, and mortgagees, the capital

truft, See.

t 795*1 Anno regni tricesimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 32,  151

pital stock of annuities which they {hall be refpeCtively entitled unto, for and in respect of such trull: or morgaged bills which they {hall fo deliver up to such treasurer as aforesaid, and the dividends from time to time arising therefrom, shall be subject and liable to the fame trusts or equity of redemption as such bills were or would have been had they not been fo delivered up for such annuity as aforefaid.

X.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it Bank to re* (hall and may be lawful to and for the said governor and company ceive certifi-of the bank of England\ and their fucceffors, or such person or persons as they {hall appoint for that purpose, and he and they is and are principal, for* hereby respectively authorised and required to take in and receive every rook all and every of the certificates to be made out in lieu of the said therein, which bills as aforesaid, in pursuance of the directions of this a£t, and  ~

upon the receipt of every such certificate fhall, and he and they is * and are hereby required forthwith to give credit in a book or books to be prepared for that purpose, for the principal fuin of one hundred and eight pounds for every sum of one hundred pounds contained in such certificates fo brought to him or them as aforesaid, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter sum ; and the perfons, bodies politick or corporate, to whose credit such principal sums {hall be entered in the said book or books, his, her, or their exe-cutors, adminiftrators, or affigns, shall and may have power to affigu and transfer the fame, or any part, {hare, or proportion thereof, to any other person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in other books to be prepared and kept for that purpose ; and the said governor and company for the time being shall alfo, on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books first herein-before mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s ex-* chequer, there to remain for ever.

XL Jndy for the more eajy and Jure payment of the annuities ejla-hlif)ed by this at7, it is hereby further enacted by the authority Bank to ap* aforefaid. That the said governor and company of the bank of England and their successors (hall from time to time appoint and neral.^ ^ employ one or more sufficient person or perfons, within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first cashier or cafliiers, and one other person or persons within the fame office, to be their accountant general; and that fo much of the monies, from time Treafury to to time, being in the receipt of the exchequer, of the said confo- to ^e issued at lidated fund, by this a£t made applicable for that purpose, as {hall the exchequer* be sufficient to answer the said annuities, {hall, by the order of for payment the commissioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, annuities, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf, from time to time, at the reifpeCtive days of payment in this a£t appointed, be issued and paid at the said receipt of exchequer to the first or chief caftiier or caftiiers of the said goveronr and company of the bank of England, and their- successors for the time being* by way of imprest and upon account; for the payment

h 4?  Oil

the fame without delay.

Accountant

152 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32. [1795

Cafliier to pay Gf the said annuities; and that such cashier or cafhiers, to whom the said monies {hall from time to time be iflued, ihall from time to time without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due course of the exchequer.

XII.  And it is hereby also ena6led, That the said accountant amirie^the general for the time being (hall from time to time infpedf and cafliidrs ac- examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cafhiers,

and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies intended to be converted into annuities by virtue of this a£l (hall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be, one capital or joint (lock, on which the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, {hall be attending, and shall be

. added to and made part of the joint flock of annuities with and

ihall be redeemable at the fame time and in like manner as the

/Pe0^,c‘^2"*annuities carrying an interefi: after the rate of and 34 Geo. 3.  J  °  ~

counts.

Annuities to be added to the 5I. per cents, efta-blifhed by 24 Geo. 3. fdf. 2. : c. 39.

rive

pounds per

centum per annum, established by the adls of the twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, and thirty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majefly, for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling and transport bills, and ordnance debentures; and that all and every per-fon or persons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he,- {he, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this a£l, shall have, or be deemed to have, a proportional interefi: and {hare in the said flock of annuities at the rate aforefaid; and that the said whole capital or joint flock, or any {hare or interefi: therein, and the proportional annuity attending the fame,- shall be assignable and transferable as this a<5t diredls, Book to be and not othervvife ; and that there shall constantly be kept in the kept for enter- office of the said accountant general for the time being, within ing transfers. ^ cjty Gf Lonc[oni> a book or books, wherein all afiignments or transfers of the said whole capital or joint flock, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the fame at the rate aforesaid, shall be entered and regifiered ; which entries shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and {hall be signed by the parties making such afiignments or transfers, or if any such party or parties be abfent, by his, her, or their attorney or attor-nies thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, -to be attested by t wo or more credible wit-neffes, and that the person or persons to whom such transfers {hall be made shall respectively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof, andthat no other method of afiigning or transferring the said flock, and the annuities attending the fame or any part thereof, or any interefi therein, shall be good and available in law, and that no (lamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers, or any of them.

Annuities may XIV. Provided always, That all persons pofTeffed of any share be devifed. or interefi: in the said joint flock of annuities, or any estate or interefi: therein, may devise the fame by will in writing attested by two or more credible witnefles, but that no payment shall be made

upon

upon any such devise until fo much of the laid will as relates to such eftate, {hare, or intereft, be entered in the said office ; and that in default of such transfer or devise as aforesaid, such {hare, eftate, or intereft, {hall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fuc-ceflors, and affigns,

XV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enadfed by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the Bank to con-bank of England and their fucceffors, notwithstanding theredemp- hnue a corpo-tion of all or any of their own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the fame, or any of them, {hall continue a corpora- redeemed, tion for the pu-rpofes of this adt until all the said annuities {hall be redeemed by parliament; and the said governor and company, or any member thereof, {hall not incur any disability for or by rea-fon of his or their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this add.

XVL And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty for no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, {hall be demanded or taking Fees for taken for computing and marking the interest on the said bills, or parking bills, for receiving, taking in, or cancelling the said bills, or any of them, or for granting certificates in lieu thereof as aforesaid, or for issuing the monies for paying the said annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any fum, great or fmall, to be made in pursuance of this add, upon pain that any officer or person offending by taking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to this adf, {hall for every offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, to be recovered with' all costs of fuit by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeJlminJler, wherein no effoin, protedlion, privilege, or wager of law, injunddion or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance, {hall be granted or allowed.

XVII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of the treafury, or any Treafury may three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three reward per-or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, tons employed {hall have power, and they are hereby authorifed, out of the said J^on o/thiT1" consolidated fund, to reward all such persons as {hall be anyways employed in the execution of this add, for their lei v ice, pains, and labour, and also to defray such incident charges as {hall neceffa-rily attend the fame, and also to fettle and appoint such allowances as they ffiall think proper, for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the caihier or caftiiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting'for the said annuities made payable by this a61, and also for the fervice, pains, and trouble, of the said accountant general of the said governor and company, for performing the duty and trust incumbent on or reposed in him by this add; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank of England., shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.  And

154 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 33,34. [1795*

XVIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this aft, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead General ifiue. the general iffue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence ; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action, or be nonfuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them upon demurrer or otherwife, then such defendant Treble cofts. or defendants shall have treble coftsx to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety^ five.—[April 28, 1795.]

Preamble.

After the passing of this aft the levy of men to be made.

Juftices, mayors, &c. to put this aft in execution.

Admiralty to appoint officers to approve or reject men.

CAP. xxxiv.

An aft for enabling the magijlrates, in the fever al counties in Great Britain, to raise and levy, under certain regulations, such able-bodied and idle persons as shall be found vaithin the said counties, to serve in his Majejlfs navy.—[April 28, 1795.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that a supply of men be forthwith raised in the mojl speedy and effectual manner, within Great Britain ,for the service of the navy y may it therefore please yourMa-jefty that it maybe enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the passing of this aft, within and throughout the several and re-* fpeftive counties, ridings, divifions, Cures, ftewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, liberties, parifhes, towns, and places of Great Britain, a speedy and effectual levy of able-bodied men, within the descriptions herein-after mentioned, to serve his Ma-, jefty in the navy, shall be forthwith made and put in execution* according to the rules and directions of this aft.

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices of the peace of every county, riding, divifion, fhire* or ftewartry, and the mayors, bailiffs, and other magiftrates, of every city, borough, town, cinque port, liberty, or place, within and throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, shall be, and they are hereby authorised to put in execution this aft, within the limits of their respective jurisdictions ; and they are hereby strictly enjoined and required to use their utmost care and diligence that bis Majesty’s fervice, in making such levies, be not neglected or difappointed.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being*

or'

 v^ooQle

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34.  155

or the major part of them, to constitute and appoint fo many

officers to regulate the admission of men, to be levied under the

authority of this afor his Majeftv’s fervice, as the said com-

miffioners (hall deem neceffary, with power and authority to a61

in and for filch of the said districts in this a<ft mentioned as the said  4

eommiftioners shall deem expedient and shall appoint; who, being

fo appointed, shall have authority to examine every man intended

to be entered in such fervice, and full power of approving all

fuch men, or, for just cause to be alleged, of rejecting them, or

any of them, and shall attend the meetings of the several juftices

of the peace and magistrates aforesaid, aftembled for the purpose

of putting this a£t in execution, or at such places refpedlively

as shall be deemed most convenient for carrying this ainto

execution,.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Clerks of the within thirty days after the palling of this a£t, the clerk of the ^ferffi°er iffs peace or town clerk of every county, riding, or divifion, in Eng- depute, &c. to land, and the fherifF depute or stewart clerk of every shire or give notice of ftewartry in Scotland, and the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or first meetingof other officer of every city, borough, town, cinque port, liberty, ^hfcl^raav^e or place, in Great Britain, having magistrates of itfelf, fhall, by adjourned! the dire£tion of any one of the said juftices, mayors, bailiffs, or other magiftrates, within their refpe£tive jurifdi£tions, give notice of the time and place when and where the respective justices  N

of the peace, or other magistrates aforesaid, shall first assemble in their refpe£live diftri&s, to put this acf into execution, by pub-lifhing the fame in some newspaper usually circulated within the jurisdictions of such justices or other magistrates refpe&ively; and the justices of the peace acting in and for any county, riding, divifion, fhire, or ftewartry, fhall, pursuant to such notice, aftem-ble themselves in their fubdivifions, and in such districts in which justices have usually held petty feftions; and the mayors, bailiffs, or other magistrates of any city, borough, cinque port, town, liberty, or place, shall also assemble themselves within their re-fpedlive jurifdicftions in like manner ; and such justices and magistrates respectively shall have power to adjourn from time to time as they shall find convenient; and the said refpedfive justices and magiftrates, at the first petty sections to be held by virtue of this a£f, ceots^^hhdi within their respective jurifdidtions, shall issue their respective Conftables,&c. precepts to the high conftables, headboroughs, or other proper to attend at officers of the respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or thefucceeding other fubdivifions, within the said counties, ridings, divifions, 1 l0ns* fhires, or ftewartries, and to the officers of the respective wards, conftableries, and diftridls, within the said cities, boroughs, towns, cirlque ports, liberties, or places, requiring their attendance at the next succeeding feftions, which precepts shall contain an account of the time and place appointed for the next succeeding feftions, and shall be returnable on a day therein to be named; At first meet-and the said justices and magistrates aforesaid, assembled at such ing8 notice of first meetings, shall also give notice of the respective places ap-  ^cfbe

pointed for holding such sessions to the secretary of the admiralty geiven to the *  for  admiralty,

&c.

Juftices may appoint a clerk, who ill all receive as. for every man entered.

156 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34. [1795.

for the time being, and (hall from time to time cause to be affixed in some conspicuous part of every house or place of holding any such feffions, the time of holding the next lucceeding feffions, twenty-four hours at least before the time of holding the fame, whereof the refpedfive officers to be appointed by the said com-miffioners of the admiralty to attend this service are required to take notice; and such justices and other magistrates may appoint a clerk to attend their meetings, and tranfadl such business as {hall belong to such clerks, by virtue of this add, who shall refpec-tively, as a reward for his labour and pains in the execution of this add, receive from the officer appointed to enter men under this adt, for every man fo entered, the sum of two {hillings to be paid by the respective officers who {hall receive such entered men. Juftices to le- V. And be it further enadded by the authority aforefaid. That the navC1Ve I™ ju^lces the Peace a^d other magistrates aforesaid fhall, and fons1 who*P£l. they are hereby authorised and required to levy and cause to be iow no lawful levied to serve his Majesty, in the navy of Great Britain, all able-trade, &x.:  bodied,  idle,  and  disorderly  perfons,  who  cannot upon examination

prove thernfelves to exercise and industriously follow some lawful trade or employment, or to have some substance sufficient for their support and maintenance.

VI.  And be it further enadded by the authority aforesaid, That the said justices and other magistrates aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to raise and rogues,* or-va- levy, or cause to be raised and levied, to serve his Majesty in the gabonds; alio navy (according to the rules and regulations herein specified for fmugglers, the raising and levying men who exercise and follow no lawful em ezz ers o tracje Qr emp}0yrnent)# all men who shall have offended against any law in force at the time of passing this adl, by virtue whereof they shall be or be liable to be deemed or adjudged to be idle and disorderly perfons, or rogues and vagabonds, or incorrigible? rogues, and punishable as such idle and disorderly perfons, or rogues and vagabonds, or incorrigible rogues refpedtively, and also all men who shall be adjudged to b$. guilty of illegal landing, running, unfhipping, concealing, receiving, or carrying, prohibited goods, wares, or merchandizes, or any foreign goods iiahle to the payment of the duties of customs or excife, the fame duties not having been paid or fecured, or of embezzling any naval ftores, the. property of his Majesty, or of aiding or assisting in any of the offences before mentioned; and all such perfons, being thereof convicted by virtue of any former law now in force, shall be deemed to be within the description of this adt, and shall be dealt with according to the directions of this adf, with respect to persons exercising and following no lawful trade or employment, within the meaning of this adf, in lieu of such penalty, or any punifhment, to which such persons may be liable by any law now in force.

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices of the peace or other magistrates aforesaid, assembled together from time to time at a petty feffions, within the limits of their respective .jurifdidUpns, fhall, as often as they fee occasion,

or offenders who shall be deemed idle perfons,

Davy ftores, &c.

Juftices at petty sessions may issue search warrants.

CjOO^IC

vj95*] Anno regm tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34.  137

fion, or as (hall be requisite for the performance of this his Ma-jefty’s fervice, issue out their warrants under their hands and feals, thereby requiring and commanding the conftables, headbo-roughs, tythingmen, overseers of the poor, or other peace orparifh officers of every hundred, rape, lathe, wapentake, pariih, town, and hamlet, in their several limits, every or any of them, (and who (hall be aided or assisted therein by sufficient men of the fame places) to make or cause to be made a general search throughout their several and respective limits, for all such men as they can find, who are, or (hall appear to them to be, within any of the descriptions of this a£l:, and to convey all such persons before the justices or other magistrates acting in and for such division or place, at such time and place as (hall have been prefixed for their next and subsequent meeting (and which time and place (hall be expressed in the said warrants refpebtiveiy); and moreover, every such justice of the peace, or other magistrate aforelaid, (hall and may, on receiving information on oath where any man or men, within any of the descriptions of this ais or are to be found within his jurifdidtion, or upon receiving information upon oath of any such offence being committed as is herein-before defcribed, issue his warrant to any of the constables or other officers of such place, to search for and apprehend such man or men, and that all Perfons ap-fuch men as (hall be found and apprehended upon such searches prehended to they (hall cause to be secured (in cafe it (hall be neceffary) in the and^roucht gaol or house of corre&ion, or other proper place of fecurity, of before the * the county, riding, divifion, (hire, ftewartry, city, town, cinque petty feffions, port, liberty, or place where such persons (hall be apprehended, and if adjudge and with all convenient speed brought before the justices or other bf the^raean^" magistrates aforesaid of the fame district or place within which [ng Qf this a<5t, he or they (hall have been fo apprehended, at the next petty and fit for the sections to be held after such fearch, to be examined, and if the navy, they justices or magistrates aforesaid (hall adjudge the person or per-  to  The

fons fo brought before them to be within any of the descriptions regulating of-of this a£t, or (hall adjudge him or them guilty of any such of- ficers, fence as aforesaid, and the said justices or magiftrates, and the officer or officers who (hall be appointed to regulate this his Ma-jefty’s fervice, (hall judge such men to be of the descriptions hereby intended to be entertained as recruits for the navy, then and in such cafe the said justices or magistrates aforesaid (hall cause such persons to be delivered over by the said conftables, or other peace or parish officers aforesaid, to such officer or officers as (hall be appointed to regulate the admission of men into the navy, at such time and place as such officer or officers (hall appoint, such officer or officers giving a receipt under his or their " hands, and paying to such constables or other peace or parish officers aforesaid, such sums of money as are herein direbted to be paid in refpeht of every man fo entered into the navy 3 and Men accepted every man fo delivered to and accepted by such officer or officers to be exempt to serve in his Majesty’s navy (hall be, and be deemed to be ex- *rom penalties empt and discharged from all penalties or punishment inflicted for °^eiKes*

for

i58

None to be admitted but such as are free from infirmity, and of a certain age.

Voters not obliged to ferve.

Juftices to examine per-fons, and direct such as shall be judged fit to be delivered to the officers appointed to receive men.

Juftices may, on requeft, appoint further meetings, and if they find any man not within the description of this ad, they ihall certify the fame to

Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34. [1795.

for any such offence by any law in force at the time of passing this'ad.

VIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be admitted into his Majesty’s fervice, by virtue of this ad, who is not such an able-bodied man as is fit to serve his Majesty,and is free from ruptures* and every other diflemper, or bodily weakness or infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform his duty in the navy, nor any person who, in the opinion of the officer or officers appointed by the said commissioners of the admiralty to regulate this fervice, shall appear to be under the age of sixteen years, or above the age of fifty years.

IX.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this ad, nor any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, shall not extend to oblige any person to enter into the service of the navy, who shall make it appear, to the satisfaction of the justices or magistrates before whom such person shall be produced, that he hath any vote in the election of any member or members to serve in parliament for any county, city, borough, town, cinque port, or place, within the kingdom of Great Britain.

X.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the justices or magistrates aforesaid for executing this ad, who shall attend this service at the place or places for examining men in pursuance of this ad, shall strictly examine the persons who shall be brought before them by the said churchwardens, over-feers, conftables, headboroughs, tythingmen, or other parish or town officers as aforesaid ; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices and magistrates aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised to administer an oath or affirmation, as the cafe may require, to each and every person who shall appear and give evidence touching any person fo brought before them in pursuance of this ad; and in cafe the justices or magistrates aforesaid, or the major part of them then prefent, upon examination of the persons fo brought before them, shall find that such persons shall come within any of the descriptions herein mentioned, and the officer or officers who shall be appointed to receive such men shall adjudge them to be fit persons to be entertained in his Ma-jefty’s naval fervice, then and in such cafe the justices or magistrates aforesaid shall cause such persons to be delivered over by the said churchwardens, overfeers, conftables, headboroughs, tythingmen, or other parish or town officers, to such officers or persons as shall be appointed to receive such men as aforefaid.

XI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the justices or magistrates aforesaid, who shall have been present at any such meeting, where any man shall have been delivered over as aforesaid, or for the major part of them, upon the demand of such man, or of any other person on his behalf, ftgnified to their clerk, within four days after such meeting, and by him to be notified to each of the justices or magistrates present as aforesaid, to appoint a further meeting of the fame justices or magistrates aforesaid,

at

*795-] Anno regrii tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34.  159

at which any other justices or magistrates may also attend, to be the admiralty, holden within fix days after the making of such demand, unless  ^ maa

the party appealing mall require a further reasonable time, and if to  dif.

upon further and more certain information the justices or magif- charged*

(trates, or the major part of them, at such further meeting, shall find that such man was not, at the time of his being delivered over as aforesaid, within any of the descriptions of this a£f, they are hereby required to certify the fame, under their hands and feals, to the secretary of the admiralty, to be la^d before the said commiftioners of the admiralty, who, on the receipt of such certificate, shall cause the man to be forthwith discharged ; and the Regulating regulating officer fhall, on such man receiving his discharge as officertopay aforesaid, cause to be paid to him the sum of one shilling for each fo dif-t0 day he shall have been fo detained in the service as aforesaid, over charged, dur-and above such subsistence as he may have received, and the ing detention, clerk appointed by the justices or magistrates shall repay to such Clerktorepay officer (without fee or other deduction) the several sums before money paid paid to him by the said officer, and shall give back the receipts  °fficer*

taken as above directed in exchange for a copy of the said man’s discharge *, and in cafe no such discharge shall have been obtained as aforesaid, then the said clerk fhall, after the expiration of fourteen days from the time that such man was delivered over as aforesaid, pay over, without fee or deduction, to the persons respectively entitled thereto, under the directions of this acf, the several sums deposited in his hands for that purpose.

XII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Juftices may if at any of the meetings of the justices or magistrates aforesaid, adjourn meet-by this a<t appointed, in any of their subdivisions or diftricts, not attend5 they shall not be attended by some proper officer appointed for anc[ may de» * the receiving of men to be entered by virtue of this a61, either tain persons through negligence or unavoidable accident, then and in that brought be-cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices or magif- fore 1 em* trates aforesaid to adjourn themselves to some other convenient day, and they are hereby authorised to give directions for detaining in custody all such men as shall have been brought before them by the civil or parish officers to be examined, or such of them as they shall think duly qualified for his Majesty’s service ; and the justices or magistrates aforesaid shall give notice to any Notice of ad-of the regulating officers attending on this fervice, in the district journments to or place where such meetings shall be held, of the day of such ad- be given the journment, and the said officer is hereby required either to attend 01 lCer* himfelf, or to appoint some other person to attend such justices or magistrates aforesaid, and to receive such men as the justices or magistrates aforesaid lhall deem fit for his Majesty’s service ; and the officers for receiving the said men shall pay to such per- Officer to pay fon as the justices or magistrates aforesaid (hall appoint, sixpence 6d. per diem per diem for the subsistence of every such man, from the day of fJbftftSce the last meeting of the justices or magistrates aforesaid to the said tothe d'ay o*t day of adjournment, together with such charges and expences as adjournment, shall appear to the justices or magistrates aforesaid to have been incurred on account of the detaining the said men from the dav ♦  of

i6o

Men may be detained in places of fe-curity.

Gaolers to re-receive men without fee, and to be allowed the usual fubfif-tence.

Civil officers toaffift in conveying men t( gaol, &c.

Juftices may fine gaolers, conftables,&c. for neglect.

Juftices to deliver certificates of entry of men to the officer receiving them.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34. [1795.

of the former meeting of the justices or magistrates aforesaid to the day of such second meeting, not exceeding one (hilling pet' diem for each man To detained. \

XIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the officer or officers, and other person or persons appointed to attend the justices or magistrates aforesaid, and to receive such men as shall be entered in such service by virtue of this aCt, fhall, in cafe he or they shall find it neceffary, detain such men in some secure house or place which may be provided by the justices or magistrates aforesaid, assembled at their petty feffions, in pur-fiiance of any order or orders in writing under the hands and ieals of any two or more of them for that purpose; but in cafe no such house or place shall be provided, then in the gaol of the county, riding, divifion, (hire, ftewartry, city, borough, town, cinque port, liberty, or pl^re, where such men shall be received into his Majesty’s fervice, or in the house of correction, or other publick prifonoffuch county, riding, divifion, (hire, ftewartry, city, bo-

• rough, town, cinque port, liberty, or place, and the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, or prifon, shall receive and safely keep such men until they can be removed (without fee or reward) ; and such keeper shall be allowed the usual subsistence of such men during the time they remain there, from the officer by whom they shall be delivered as aforesaid ; and the conftables, headboroughs, or other civil officers, fhall, if required, be affift-| ing to such officer in conveying such man or men to such gaol, place, or house of correction, and shall be allowed such reafon-able sum or sums as the major part of the justices or magistrates present at the meeting where such man or men shall be levied shall appoint to be paid by the officer or officers who shall require such affiftance.

XIV.  And be it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the justices or magistrates aforesaid, or any two or more of them, to impose upon any gaoler or keeper of any house of correction or prifon, who shall suffer any person committed to his-cuftody, in purfu-ance of this aCt, to efcape, or upon any high conftable, churchwarden, overfeer, petty conftable, headborough, tythingman, or other parish or town officer, for every wilful negleCt or default in the execution of any warrant, order, or precept to them, or any of them, direCted in pursuance of this aCt, a fine not exceeding ten pounds ; and to cause every such fine to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner or owners, and to pay the said fine to the informer or informers.

XV.  A& be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices or magistrates aforesaid, or such of them as shall be present at such meeting as aforesaid, or any two of them prefent, fhall, anu shey are hereby required to certify under their hands that such person or persons is or are duly entered into his Majesty’s fervicC, setting forth the name and parish or place of abode of him or them refpeCtively, if known, and shall deliver fuch

certificate*

1795*] Anno regni trifiefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34.  161

certificate, together with such men, to the faicl officers or persons appointed to receive them ; and the justices or magistrates afore- Namesofmen, said shall also forthwith cause an entry or memorial to be made, ^edffiabook in a book: or books to b<* kept by them or their clerks for that anci copies * purpose, of the names of such men, of the parishes or places of transmitted to their last abode (if they can be known), and of the time and place the admiralty, when and where such men;were delivered to the said officers or persons appointed to receive them, and the names of the officers or persons who received them, and shall cause true copies or duplicates of such entries, attested by the justices or magistrates aforesaid, or any two or more of them, within forty days after the delivering such men as aforesaid, to be transmitted into the office of the admiralty ; and every clerk, for every negle6l or Penalty on default in not transmitting the copy or duplicate of any such entry *m°tranf into the office of the admiralty as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum rnittin^ such * of ten pounds, one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his copies? heirs and fucceftors, and the other moiety to such person or persons who shall inform or sue for the fame in one of the courts of record at Wejhninjler, of great sessions in Wales, or the court of exchequer in Scotland.

XVI.  And be it further enacfted by the authority aforesaid, Pariffi officers That the several officers who shall receive men entered into his fQr^v^dman Majesty’s fervice, in the manner herein-before mentioned, shall ente^ed^ai^311 pay to any person appointed by the justices or magistrates afore- parishes where said to receive the fame, for the use of the officers of the parish or men have town fo employed in the raising such men, for their pains and services therein, twenty {hillings of lawful money of Great Bri- on account of tain for every man fo entered, and shall also pay for every such their wives man who shall have a wife or family any sum not exceeding forty and families (hillings, nor less than ten {hillings, of lawful money of Great ^r^abfe Britain, to be paid over as is herein-after directed, into the hands aljd 0flfcer of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor, for the benefit 6d. per diem of such parish or townftiip in which such man (hall have gained a while men are fettlement, and whose wife or family may become chargeable to *n cu^°dy-fuch parish or township refpedtively, which sum shall be fettled by the major part of the justices or magistrates aforesaid present at the meeting when such person shall be entered, regard being had ,to the number of children, or other particular circumstances of such person fo entered, and shall also pay the sum of fixpcnce per diem for keeping every such man who shall be fo delivered as aforesaid, according to the number or days that the officers of the laid parish or town shall have kept him in cuftody, pursuant to the powers granted'by this a<51, until such delivery, and which sum of sixpence per diem shall be deducted out of the pay of such man ; the said allowance of twenty {hillings, and-of sixpence per dliem, -Allowances,in in cafe of difpute, to be ascertained and distributed to and amon^ft caieofdiipute, the churchwardens, overfeers, confrables, headboroughs, tything- ;°  -  I-,

men, and such other parish and town officers, or any of them, ^ J * according to the judgement and discretion of the justices or ma-piftrates aforesaid, or the majgr part of them then prefent: for

: Voi. XU'  M  ‘  all

Juftices may allot part of allowances to high conlta-bles.

Clerks to be rewarded as the treasury fhal! direCt.

i6z Anno regni tricesimo quinto GEOsbn III. c. 34. [1795.

all which payments receipts shal 1 be given to such officer by the person receiving the fame, but which receipt shall not be chargeable with any stamp duty.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the justices or magistrates aforesaid, in their respective divifions, are hereby authorised and empowered, by and out Qf the said sum of twenty shillings herein-before directed to be paid for the use of the officers of the parish or town fo employed in the raifmgof such men, to allot 3nd order such sum as they shall think fit to the respective high conftables, within their relpedtive limits and jurifdidlions, for their pains and service in the execution of this act, not exceeding the sum of two (hillings*

XVIII.  And be it further enadted, That the said several clerks of the justices or magistrates aforesaid, provided the said copies or duplicates be truly transmitted into the office of the admiralty as aforesaid, shall have and receive, by the hands of the paymaster of his Majesty’s navy, over and above the films herein-before directed to be paid, such rewards as the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, upon consideration of the numbers of* men entered in the several counties, ridings, divifions, (hires, ftewartries, cities, boroughs, towns, cinque ports, liberties, or places, by virtue of this adt, and the pains and charges of the several clerks in this fervice, shall judge the said clerks severally and rcfpedtively to deferve.

XIX.  And, for the better preventing any disputes which may arise about paying for the fubfjlence of those persons who, having beenappre-bended and detained by virtue of this aft, may afterwards be dif-charged upon examination before the justices or magistrates aforesaid,

Parifh officers an(\ officers, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Towed expen ^an)? Per^on being judged by the justices or magistrates aforesaid ces in keeping not to be within any of the descriptions of this adt, shall be by persons dif~ them difcharged, the officers of the parish or town shall be en-charged as not titled to no consideration for their expences in keeping such per-fcr'mtTons^f * ^on * an(^ ^ an7 Per^0lb being judged by the justices or magistrates this a6t; but aforesaid to be within the description of this adt, shall be rejected for such as are by the regulating officer, such officer shall pay to the officers of rejected by the the parish or town fixpencQ per diem for the whole time that they ftc^er^^be0^ ^all ^ave kept such person ; and every officer who shall object to paid*6d. per  any person delivered to him by the justices or magistrates afore-

diem.  faid, lhall specify his objection to such perfon, whether it be to

Officer to fpe- his age or bodily difability, and the grounds of such objedtion, cify his objec- shall pe forthwith (as far as may be) enquired into by the justices or niagiftrates aforesaid,- and they shall proceed accordingly j and transmit tothe every officer who shall refuse or discharge any person delivered to admiralty rea- him by the justices or magistrates aforesaid as fit to serve his ions for refu- Majesty, within the description of this adt, fhall, withqut delay, transmit to the secretary of the admiralty his reasons for such re-fufal or discharge in writing, signed by himfelf.

XX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

ia|.

f Commence.

ment of men’s That the pay of every such man fo delivered tq flap officers or pay.  perfons



795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34.  16

perfons appointed to receive them as aforesaid, (ball commence

from the time of his bei.ng taken and secured as aforesaid, dedud-

ingfuch sums of money thereout as (hall be paid by virtue of this

ad for his subsistence ; and no person fo entered in pursuance of Men entered

this ad, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty’s ferviee

by any procefs, other than by some criminal procefs, for some v*ce ^uct for ~

criminal matter punishable by the known laws of the land.  criminal mat-

XXI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ter.

That if any person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any Penalty for ad or thing, whereby the execution of this act, in the Searching

for, taking, and fecuring, such able-bodied men as aforesaid, of\hiYa&.,0n

fhall be hindered or fruftrated, every such person fhall, for every

fuch offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty

pounds, nor less than ten pounds, one moiety thereof to the use of

his Majesty, his heirs and lucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to

the use of the informer or informers; and all and every such offences ^^be^deter

may be enquired of, heard, and finally determined by any two mmedbytwo*

or more of his Majesty’s justices of the peace dwelling in or near juftices, &c.

the place where such offence shall be committed, who have

hereby power to cause the said penalty'to be levied by distress and

fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, rendering the overplus

(if any be) to the owners, and if the offender has no goods and

chattels fufticient to answer the said penalty, then to commit him

or her to the county gaol or house of correction, there to remain

for the (pace of three calendar months, without bail or main-

prize.

XXII.  And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore.-

faid, That the inhabitants of every parish and township where Inhabitants to any person described as aforesaid doth abide, or is to be found, aicUn the exe-

r -  r  i  •  n  •  -n  CUtlOIl 01 act,

(at the lnltance of any one or more of the jultices or magiitrates aforesaid, or of any churchwarden, overseer of the poor, or con-ftableof the fame parilli or townfhip), shall (not having a lawful or reasonable cause to the contrary) be aiding and assisting in the furtherance of his .Majefty’s said ferviee.

XXIII.  And,, to encourage such inhabitants and others to ajftfl in discovering and apprehending such persons described as aforesaid, it is

hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Reward to per-perfon shall discover and give information of any able-bodied man or men fit to serve his Majesty, within any of the descriptions of ab]e-bodie«i this ad, fo that he or they shall be apprehended and brought before men within the the justices or magistrates aforesaid, and ordered to be entered in descriptions of his Majesty’s ferviee, such perfon, for every man fo difeovered and entered, fltall receive from the officer to whom such man shall be delivered the sum of ten findings out of the twenty {hillings which he is hereby directed to pay to the officers ofrhepariih or town for every man railed by virtue of this ad, and the remainder only of such twenty ftiiilings shall in that caie be paid to filch officers,

XXIV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any adion, plaint, fuit, or information, shall be com- Limitation of menced or prolectued against any person or persons for what he a<^10U!i*

M 2



General iffue.

Treble colls.

164 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34. [1793.

or they {hall do in pursuance or execution of this aft, the fame {hall be commenced within fix calendar months after the offence committed, and (hall be laid or brought in the county or place where the faft was Committed, and not afterwards, or elfewhere; and such person or perfons, sued in any court whatfoever, {ball and may plead the general issue of not guilty, and upon any issue joined may give this aft and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or prosecutor {hall become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or suffer a difcontinuance, or if a verdict or judgement upon demurrer pass against him, the defendant {hall recover treble cods, for which he {hall have the like remedy as in any cafe where colls by the law are given to defendants.

XXV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, a4 far\s C*  the statute made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of

relate s^o ren- ^'IS ^ate maje^y King George the Second, intituled, An att for the dering justices rendering justices of the peace more safe in the execution of their office, more safe in and for indemnifying corifiables and others acting in obedience to their the execution warrants, fo far as the laid aft relates to the rendering the justices to extend toCe> more  executd°n of their office, {hall extend and be con-

this ad. flrued to extend to the justices or magiftrat^s aforesaid, acting No action to under the authority or in the execution of this aft; and no action becommenced or fuit {hall be had or commenced, or writ i (Tiled out, or copy of till notice be writslerved upon any peace officer or officers, or any other person Slven*  or perfons, for any thing done in the execution of this aft, until

notice in writing {hall have been given to him or them, or left at his or their ufual^place of abode by the attorney for the party commencing such aftion, or suing out cr serving the copy of the said writ, which said notice in writing {hall contain the name and place of abode of the person who is to bring such action, together with the cause of action or complaint, and the name and place of abode of the said attorney {hall be under written or Defendant indorsed thereon ; and such defendant or defendants {hall be at

may tender liberty, and mav, by virtue of this aft, at any time within four-amends,which  y c Jr A ■  1  r  1  L  ,  ,

may be ed.

plead-

Treble colts.

Perfons infti-tuting actions in Scotland to give previous notice, that amends n^y he tendered, &c.

teen days after such notice, tender or cause to be tendered any sum or sums of money as amends for the injury complained of to the party complaining, or to the said attorney, and if the fame is not accepted of, such defendant or defendants may plead such tender in bar of such action or aftions, together with the general iffue, or any other plea, with leave of the court; and if upon issue joined upon such tender the jury {hall find the amends tendered to have been fufficient, the said jury {hall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants, who (hall, in such cafe, be entitled to his and their treble cofts.

XXVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any action (hall be brought against any justice of the peace or magistrate aforesaid, or other officer employed in the execution of this aft, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the person instituting such action {hall, previous to the commencement thereof, in timate by himfelf, or his agent or attorney, his said intention and grounds of complaint, fo as that the justices or magistrates aforesaid, or other officers, may have opportunity of making due

amends

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto GeorgIi III. c. 34.  165

amends for the injury intended to be prosecuted ; and if the said jufticefc or magistrates aforesaid, or other officers* {hall make it appear, to the fatisfablion of the judge before whom the action is brought, that such due amends were tendered and refused previous to the commencement of the action, the said judge shall give decree for the defender, who shall in such cafe be entitled to treble Treble cofts* costs of fuit.

XXVII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled by the

authority aforesaid, That where a Verdi <51 shall be given for the Where there plaintiff in any action to be brought against any justice of the  for adt^

peace or magistrate aforesaid, or any peace officer, or other per- complained of, fon, for feizing, taking, imprifoning, or detaining such plaintiff in plaintiff not the execution of this abt, under colour of any authority or autho- entitled to rities hereby given, and it shall appear to the judge or court before costs * whom the fame shall be tried, that there was a probable caufe

for doing the abt complained of in such abtion ; and the said judge or court shall certify on the record that there was probable cause as aforesaid, then and in such cafe the plaintiff shall not be entitled to more than twopence damages, nor to any coffs of fuit: provided always, that where a verdict shall be given for the plain- but where the tiff in any such abtion as aforesaid, and the judge or court before  waj>

whom the cause shall be tried shall certify on record that the double cofts'6 injury for which such adl'ion was brought was wilfully and mali-cioufly committed, the plaintiff shall be entitled to double costs of fuit.

XXVIII.  And be it further enacted, That when his Majesty HisMajefty {hall be fatisfied, by the said returns of the justices or magiftrates, maY suspend or otherwife, that a sufficient number of men in the whole shall execution be railed for his present fervice, or for other sufficient reafons, it this abt. shall be lawful for his Majesty to suspend or revive the execution

of this abt with refpebt to the whole of Great Britain, or any part thereof, by proclamation or order in council, or other publick notice, in the London Gazette, or by notice from the com mi f-fioners of the admiralty for the time being, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding : provided alio that his Majesty, when he shall judge it expedient for his fervice, may at any time suspend the execution of this abt, in any place in Great Britain, by notice from the secretary of the admiralty ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXIX.  Andy for the more easy and better putting this aft into

execution, be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That any three Threejuftices, or more of the justices or magistrates aforesaid, for putting this the^fme rid^ a<51 into execution, in the several ridings of the county of York, ing, may abt (being justices of the peace, though not all of the fame riding), within the li-may, within the castle of Torky or limits thereof, execute the powers of this abt.  ca

XXX.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That this a cl, and every thing herein contained, fha!l be and con- Continuance tinue in force until the end of the next session of parliament, and °* aC^% no longer,

m 3  XXXI.  And

i66 Anno regni tricefuiio qviinto Georgii III. c. 35. [1795*

XXXI.  And be it farther enacted by the authority aforefaid. Entries of men That the several entries which the justices or magistrates aforesaid, the form an m ^or executmg this a(^> are required to make of the names and nexed.  descriptions of all men levied by virtue of this a£t, together with

the other particulars herein-before directed, shall be made according to the form hereunto annexed.

Recruit’s  name.  Parifli.  Age.  Defcription of the recruit.  Officer who received, or refufed, the recruit, and on what day.  On what grounds refufed.

        .  

Forms of pro- XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the forms of proceed-eeedings in ing relative to the several matters in this a6l, which are fet forth fchedulc, to be and expressed in the schedule hereunto annexed, shall be used upon u  all  occafions,  with  such additions and variations only as may be

neceffary to adapt them to the particular exigencies of the cafe, and that no objection shall be made, or advantage taken, for want of form in any such proceedings, by any person or perfons, whom-toever.

CAP. XXXV.

An afi for making allowances, in certain cafes, to subaltern officers of the militia, in time of peace.—[April 28, 1795*]

Preamble.

From the dif-embodying ' the militia the subalterns to have certain allowances during peace.

WHEREAS it is expedient to male some addition to the pay of certain subaltern officers of the militia forces of this king-dom, who have served during the prejent war, after the dife/nbodying of the said forces, and during peace, under certain regulations \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it ena£fed by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the difembodying of the militia forces of this kingdom, certain annual allowances, over and above the pay to which during peace they are now by law entitled,

fhall



1795-1 Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 3^.  167

{hall for the future be allowed and paid to subaltern officers of the militia, of the defcriptions, to the amount, under the reftric-tions, and in the manner herein-after exprefTed j (that is to fay), to every subaltern officer of the militia who now bears a com-miffion, is ferving, and {hall continue faithfully to ferve, in the fame corps, or who, previous to the expiration of four months from the pa (Ting of this adt, shall be appointed to a commiffion, and {hall continue faithfully to serve in the embodied militia, and in the fame corps, until the difembodying thereof, the following annual allowances, over and above the pay to which they may be by law entitled during peace, {hall be allowed and paid, without any deductions of any kind, or for any purpose whatsoever ; (that is to fay), to a lieutenant twenty-five pounds per annum, and to an ensign twenty pounds per annum, in the manner herein-after mentioned.

IT.  Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no person Exceptions, who is or {hall at any time hereafter become possessed of such an estate or income as would by law qualify him to hold a captain’s ■ commission in the militia, or who is or shall at anytime hereafter be appointed adjutant or battalion clerk in any regiment or corps of militia, nor any person deriving in any way whatfoever, otherwise 'than as a subaltern officer of the militia, any income, ftipend, or allowance whatever from the publick, nor any officer on the full or half pay of the navy, army, or marines, who shall also hold a fubaltern’s commiffion, and serve as aforesaid in the militia, shall have or be in any wife entitled to the said annual allowances, or any part or share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithftanding.

III.  And be it further enacted, That the subaltern officers of Subalterns to the militia, who shall claim, under the authority t>f this act, t0  the fol*

receive either of the said annual allowances, {hall, previous to  ®

receiving the fame, and, in order to entitle themselves thereto, annually take and subscribe an oath before some one of his Ada-jefty’s juilices of the peace for the county, riding, or place, to which the regiment or corps in which they serve {hall belong, in the words or to the effect following; (videlicet),

T A. B. do fwear, That I am now fswing as a subaltern officer in oath.

the  regiment [or corps] of militia ; and that 1 am net,

in my own rights or in right of my wife, nor have been, since the difembodying of the said regiment [or corps], in the a final poffieffion and enjoyment or receipt of the rents and profits of lands, tenements, or hereditaments of such an annual value, above reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a captain*s commission in the militia; that I am not, nor have been, since the difembodying of the said regiment [or corps], an adjutant or battalion clerk in any regiment [or corps] of militia ; that I do not hold or enjoy, nor have I. held or enjoyed, nor does, or has any person for me hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed, since the difembodying of the said regiment [or corps], any office of income whatsoever from the publick \ and that I am not entitled either to the full

M 4  or

Anno regni tricesimo quintp Georgii III. c. 35. [1795.

or half pay of the navy, army, or marines, nor have been ftnce the dijembodying of the fa id regiment [or corps].

So help me GOD.

JranIVnit^°\ths  oat^> and fubfcribed, (hall be by the said juftice

to the receiver forthwith certified and tranfmitted, and he is hereby required to general of the certify and transmit the fame to the receiver general of the land land tax of tax of the county, riding, or place, to which the regiment or corps the county. Gf militia in which such subaltern officer {hall be then serving {hall belong, to be by him filed and preferred for the purposes herein-' after mentioned.

Subalterns to IV. And be it further enadfed, That every subaltern officer of nual^xerct^"  who he entitled, or claim to be entitled to the

certificates 0f benefits this foah regularly attend the annual exercise and which to be training of the regiment or corps to which he belongs, during transmitted by the whole of the twenty-eight days by law required for that pur-in^C offcerTo1' P°^e’ anc^  during  the  said  time,  punctually  do and perform

the beatenant duty as a subaltern officer of such regiment or corps, on pain and receiver °f forfeiting the said annual allowance, as well as the reft of his general of  pay, and every part thereof, which may be due for the current

the county.  year jn which he shall negledf or refuse to attend ; and certificates

of his having fo attended and performed his duty, signed by the commanding officer of the regiment or corps to which he may belong, {hall be transmitted by the said commanding officer to the lieutenant and receiver general of the land tax of the county, riding, or place to which the said regiment or corps of militia, in which such subaltern officer {hall be then ferving, shall belong.

&eafon$ for leave of ab-lcnce from annual excise to be transmitted to the said lieutenant and receiver general, and fe-eretary of ftate.

to be by the said receiver general received previous to any such subaltern officer being entitled to demand or receive the said annual allowance, or any part thereof; and in cafe any such subaltern officer, claiming to be entitled to such annual allowance, fhall, by his commanding officer, be permitted or fuffered, for any special cause or unavoidable neceffity, to be absent during the whole or any part of such annual exercife, (in which cafe it shall be lawful for such commanding officer to grant such leave of abfence, and for such subaltern officer, who may be fo permitted to be abfent, to demand and receive the said annual allowance, and every part thereof, in like manner as if he had attended during the whole of the said annual exercife), the reasons for such abfence, as well as the duration thereof, {hall be carefully and truly specified in the certificates before-mentioned, Figned by the commanding officer, to be tranfmitted, as soon as conveniently may be, to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, to which the regiment or corps {hall belong, to the receiver general of the land tax for the fame county, riding, or place, and to his Majesty’s principal secretary of state for the home de-

partment.

If militia be V. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That in cafe not called out any regiment or corps of the militia, after the difembodying erciftH fuba^" thereof at any time, shall not be called out for the annual exercise L ?  and

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 35.  169

and training thereof, every fubaltenf officer belonging to any terns to be such regiment or corps, and coming within the descriptions of ^titled to this act, who (hall have taken and subscribed the oath herein- ff^he^had^ before mentioned, before any such justice of the peace as afore- attended, faid, fihall be entitled to the said annual allowance, as if such subaltern officer had regularly attended the annual exercise and training of such regiment or corps during the whole of the twenty-eight days by law required for that purpose, and a certificate of such attendance, signed by the commanding officer of the said regiment or corps, had been transmitted to the lieutenant and receiver general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to which such regiment or corps belong, according to the directions of this a£t; any thing contained in this aft to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

VI.  And be it further enacfed, That, upon such certificates Allowances to as aforesaid, of such justice of the peace and commanding officer bepaidwith-as aforesaid, or (where any regiment or corps of militia {ball not outdedu&ion* have been called out to their annual exercise as aforefaid) upon

a certificate of any such justice of the peace only, being produced ■ to or received by the respective receivers general of the land tax, it shall and may be lawful for such receivers general, and they are hereby authorised and required to pay to the said subaltern officers, according to their respective commissions of lieutenant or enfign, the annual allowance above-mentioned, in addition to their pay, without any deduction whatfoever, out of any publick monies in their hands, and to charge the fame in their respective annual accounts of money disbursed for the use of the publick ; the certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the vouchers for the payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this acft.  1

VII.  And be it further enacted. That the subaltern officers of Subalternsnot

the militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the benefits of this attending a<ft, shall at all times be liable to serve in the respective regiments  for-

or corps to which they belong, whenever the fame {hall be em- fejt t£eir bodied and called out upon actual service ; and in cafe of neglect claim to the or refusal to attend when called upon, or in cafe any such subaltern allowance, officer shall a second time neglect or refuse to attend and perform

his duty at the annual exercise as before diredled, each and every such subaltern officer shall forfeit his and their claim to the said annual allowance, and every part thereof, in all time to come, and shall also beconfidered as having refined and vacated his and their commission and commissions to all intents and purpoles whatfoever.

VIII.  And be it further enabled. That the said several annual Allowances to allowances shall be paid to the persons refpetftively entitled thereto P^idby the

^  a  i  j  ^  r,£Gdvc?.rs

by the receivers general of the land tax, upon the production ofneraj on the before-mentioned several certificates, as soon after the times dudtion of of the annual exercise and training as may be convenient and certificates, practicable : provided always, That nothing in this a£t con- Subalterns tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any rec^lve subaltern officer entitled to the benefit of it, from receiving the tending an^ " pay allowed by law for his attendance at such annual exercise as nUaj exercise 5

before



lyo Anno regni tricesimo quin to GeoUgii III. c. 35. [1795.

. before mentioned, over and above the said annual allowance : tied tonflow- Proyided a^0’ ^lat nothing in this act contained (hall extend, ance while the or'^e construed to extend, to entitle any subaltern officer as militia is em- aforesaid to the said annual allowance, or any part thereof during bodied. the time the regiment or corps to which he belongs (hall be Allowancenot embodied or called out on actual fervice: provided alfo, That mo^than^a  anc^  t^le benefits and allowances therein contained, fhall

certain num- not extend, or be construed to extend, to more than ten lieu-ber of fubal- tenants in any regiment confiding of more than ten companies; terns.  to more than nine lieutenants in any regiment confiding of more

than eight and less than eleven companies; to more than eight lieutenants in any regiment confiding of more than fix and less than nine companies; to more than five lieutenants in any regiment, battalion, or corps, confiding of fix or of a less number of companies.

Senior Iieute- IX. And he it further enabled, That in cafe in any regiment, cants to have battalion, or corps of the militia, at the time of difembodying en^rCand"the hereof, there shall happen to be a greater number of lieutenants junior to fuc- Coming within the deferiptions of this act than can be entitled to ceed on va- claim the benefits thereof within the true intent and meaning of cancies. the foregoing provifo, the senior lieutenants of such number (hall always be preferred, and shall be alone entitled to demand and receive the above-mentioned allowances, and that the junior lieutenants shall succeed to such allowances in rotation as va-

cancies may happen among the said senior lieutenants from time to time.

X. And vuhereas, by an a cl of parliament, pa fed in the twenty-fixth 26 Geo. 3. c. year of the reign of his present Majejly, intituled, An aft for amend* 107, recited, ing, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, it is enafted, "That the lieutenant of any county, ridings or place, together VJith any three or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal\ or in the absence of any such lieutenant, any five or more deputy lieutenants, may, at the end of every five years, at their annual meetings to be holden as in the said aft mentioned, in cafe the militia of such comity, riding, or place,'fhall not Be then embodied, dtfeharge a certain 7iumber of officers for the purposet, and in the manner in the said aft Powers of re- mentioned: and whereas it is not expedient that the powers fo given c,ite^ ^ur by the said recited aft Jhculd extend to subaltern officers coming within officers at the  deferiptions,  and entitled to the benefits of this aft ; be it therefore

end of every enacted and declared, That nothing in the said recited aft con-five years, not tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to empower th/fubalterns  ^eutenant or deputy lieutenants of any county, riding, or

entitled to place, to discharge any such subaltern officers as are or may be benefits under entitled to the benefits of this aft, according to the true intent this aft. and meaning thereof, or any of them.

[Continuance.]
XI. And be it further enafted, That this aft shall continue in of aft.  force, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and no longer.

1795-1 Anno regni tricefuno quinto Georgii III. c. 36.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.—[April 28, 1795.]

758,5411, 13s. 4d. to be raffed by a lottery, and fnbfcribers to deposit il. 5s. iod. for each ticket. All persons who have made depofits, purfu-ant to the resolution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at the times following, viz. il. 10s. by May 22, 1795 5—2I. by July 312I. by Sep. 112I. by Od. 30;—zl. by Dec. 4*—and the remaining 3I. by Jan. 22, 1796; and the contributors for each 13I. 15s. rod. advanced shall be entitled to inch lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned; and thoie that pay contributions before Dec. 4, to be allowed discount at 3I. per cent, per ann. and to have lottery tickets delivered at 13I. 15s, iod. each. Cafhier to give security to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the treafury, and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commiffioners of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid in by the cafhier. 500,000b the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any supplies to be granted this feffiiGn. Managers and diredors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the cafhiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cafhiers to return the books, with the undifpoled of tickets, and an account of money received and paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or filk; and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 55,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets.

•—Five prizes of 20,000b—five of 10,oool.—five of 5,000b—eight of 2,000b —fifteen of 1,oool.—twenty-four of 500b—fifty of iool.—one hundred of 50b—and fifteen thousand of 18b—1,000b to the first drawn ticket, and 1,oool. to the last drawn ticket. Tickets in the outermost column of the lalt-mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), Sec. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 22, 1796. Method to be obffirved in drawing, Sec. Number of the fortunate tickes, and the l'ums to be printed. Difputes to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, See. Offenders (not in pnfon) difeovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon and 50b reward. No attainder for iuch offences to make corruption of blood, lols of dower, or diiherifon of heirs. Managers to be lworn. The oath.

I, A. B. as a manager and dire<5tor of the lottery to be drawn in pur-fuance of an a£t of parliament made in the thirty-fifth year of his Majesty ?s reign, do fwear, that I will faithfully execute the trust reposed in me ; and that! will not use any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any person to use any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myfelf, or any other person whatfoever; and that i will do the utmoft: of my endeavours to prevent any undue or sinister practice to be done by any person whatfoever; and that I will, to the belt of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket or right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the said a&.

Cafhier may receive the sum fubferibed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the fame; which iball entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 13b 15s. iod. paid. After May 22, 1795, the cashier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the sum actually fubferibed ; and Ihall give receipts for the relidue of iuch fums, after deducting the value of the tickets fo delivered. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their depofits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, See. Commitfioners of the treasury may reward the managers* &c. as they ihall think fit. The 500,000!.

IJ2

Anno regni trice fimo quinto Georgix III. c. 36. [1795.

for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session ; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on July i, 1796, See. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c* and figned, &c. Commifiioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this adt. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies, for receipts, &c. on penalty of twenty pounds. No person to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing, unless employed as a clerk or licensed fo to do. Perfons fo licensed to receive from the stamp office numerical books, which shall be stamped on every leaf. Commifiioners to grant such licences only on account of licensed lottery offices. Five pounds penalty on unlicensed persons taking down or publiffiing the numbers of tickets drawn. Sec. On complaint the magistrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Perfons in the actual commission of such offence may be apprehended by any perfon, and carried before a magiftrate, who may commit the offender if the penalty be not paid. Application of penalties. Fifty pounds penalty on persons summoned as witnesses not appearing, Sec. Commifiioners shall not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery tickets, unless it shall appear that the party is able to answer the penalty required by law, and he lhall have deposited a certain number of tickets, &c. Perfons to whom licences are granted to give bond agreeably to 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. At the end of twelve months after expiration of licences, the commifiioners may give up bonds or put them In fuit. Licences of persons neglecting to deposit or divide into shares fifty tickets to be void; and the defaulters to be publifiied in the Gazette, Sec. In cafes where licences under 22 Geo. 3.C. 47. are declared void, in such cafes licences granted after the commencement of this adt shall be void, for offences against this adt, or 27 Geo. 3 c. 1. Licences may be refuled to persons convicted. Twenty pounds penalty on persons continuing on their houses the words, “ Licenfed to deal in lottery tickets/’ alter expiration of their licences, See. Executors, &c. may be authorised to carry on business for the residue of the terms of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other (hares than halves, quarters, eighths, and fifteenths, on penalty of fifty pounds. Application and recovery of penalties. Form of shares of tickets.

L

OTTERY for the year one thousand (even hundred and ninety-five

Ticket, N°

(or as the Jhare may be)

The bearer of this (hare will be entitled to one  part

of such beneficial chance as shall belong to the ticket numbered as above, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and in pursuance of an adt palled in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign.

Perfons counterfeiting fhares. See. guilty of felony. Perfons preparing or having in their custody any register or lift of tickets but as herein particularized ; or keeping any place for examining tickets by any other than such lift, See. to forfeit fifty pounds. On complaint on oath of offences against 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties may be liable to punishment as rogues, justices may authorifie persons to break open houfes, Sec. Perfons dificovered in such houses concerned in carrying on illegal tranfadtions, to be punished as rogues, and may be arrefted, &c. Perfons obftrudting officers may be fined, imprisoned and whipped. Perfons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal tranfadtions, to be deemed rogues and vagabonds. Adtions to be prosecuted in the name of the attorney general or an officer appointed by the commissioners of ftamps. Where the amount of the penalties sued for is not inserted in the writs, the defendant

to.

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 37—40. 173

to be served with a copy of the procefs, Sec. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds may be committed, and no appeal nor removeable by certiorari. General iflue. Treble cofts.

An aft for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

—[April 28, 1795-]

Moll gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, having taken into our mod serious con-fideration your Majesty’s mod gracious meffage, signifying your Majesty's desire to be enabled by your faithful commons, to defray any extraordinary exoences which may be incurred for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and to take such measures as the exigency of affairs may require, have resolved to give and grant to your M.jefty the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for that purpole.—His Majesty may empower the treasury to cause loans to be received, or exchequer bills to be made for 2,500,0001. any time before , Jan. 5, 1796, agreeable to 35 Geo. 3. c-. 1. Powers of 35 Geo. 3. c. 1. to extend to this adt. Loans or exchequer bills chargeable on the first aids . granted next ieftion, and if not granted before July 5, 1796, to be paid out of the consolidated fund. Monies ifiued from the conlolidated fund to be replaced out of the first fupplies. Bank may advance money on the credit of this adt.

An a ft to continue several laws relating to the granting a bounty on certain species of Britifli and Irifh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax j to the difeontinuing the duties payable on the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grease 5 and to the prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets ; and for making perpetual an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prohibit the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and ftecl ma-nufadtures of this kingdom ; and to prevent the seducing of artificers or workmen employed in thole manufactures to go into parts beyond the feas.—[April 28, 1795.]

Adt 29 Geo. a. c, 15. granting a bounty on certain species of Britifli and Irifh linens exported, continued to June 24, 1796, &c. Aft 7 Geo. 3. c. 12. to difeontinue the duties on importation of tallow, &c. continued to March 25, 1799, Sec. Aft 6 Geo. 3. c. 28. fo far as relates to prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets continued to June 14, 1802, Sec. Aft 26 Geo. 3. c. 89. extending to other tools and utensils an aft 25 Geo. 3. c. 67. made perpetual. -

An adt for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals used in cairying on the Pennygored works, in the county of Pembroke.—[April 28, 1795-3

A drawback to be allowed of duties paid for coals used in carrying on the Pennygored works, but not to exceed one thousand pounds in any one year.

An aft to enable his Majesty to grant to the right honourable John earl of Upper Offory in the kingdom of Ireland, bn*on Upper Ofiory of Ampthill, in the county of Bedford, his heirs andafligns, in fee fimple.

CAP. XXXVII.

CAP. XXXVIII.

CAP. XXXIX.

CAP. XL.

Anno regni tricesimo quintoGEORGH III. c.  —43. [1795*

all the eftate, right, title, and interest remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the haye or walk of Farming Woods, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, and also the reversion of certain offices, rents, and other hereditaments in the said county of Northampton, to which the said earl of Upper Offiory is entitled for three lives, under a grant from his present Majesty, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the fame.—[April 28, 1795*]

CAP. XLI.

An ad to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, ofana&made in the.thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An ad for deepening, cleanftng, and making more commodious the harbour of Aberdeen; for erecting new piers and quays therein ; and for regulating illips and vessels trading into, and going out of, the said harbour. —[April 28, 1795-]

Ad 13 Geo. 3. c. 29, recited, and further continued for twenty-one years. Duties to be colle&ed. Ships, &c. to pay a harbour duty at least double the sum which they were used to pay. Veflels not heretofore used to pay duties, {hall pay the rates following. For every lliip or vessel of the burthen of fifty tons or under, one Hulling and threepence. Above fifty and under one hundred tons, two {hillings and fixpence. From one hundred to one hundred and fifty tons, five {hillings. And above one hundred and fifty tons, seven {hillings and fixpence. Open boats under twenty tons, except employed in unloading ihips, exempted from rates and duties. Officers of customs not to clear out ships until a voucher is {hewn of the payment of the duties. Birth-mafter to keep a book to enter a lift of {hips coming into and failing out of the harbour. Ship-mafters to give • to the birth-mafter an account of their cargoes. Rates and duties subject to the payment of the money due on credit of the former act. Truftees may borrow twenty thousand pounds. Rates and duties may be leffened. Powers of the former a d extended to this ad. Publick a6t.

C A P. XLII.

An ad for enlarging the term and powers of three several ads, made in the sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Firft, in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny fterling, upon every pint of ale, or beer, vended or fold within the town of Montrofe and privileges thereof, for fupply-ing the said town with fresh water, and for other purposes therein mentioned.—[April 28, 1795.]

CAP. XLIII.

An act for making a navigable cut from the grand junction canal, in the precind of Norwood, in the county of Middlefex, to Paddington, in the said county.—[April 28, 1795.]

Width of the cut not more than twenty yards, and towing paths with ditches, fences, Sec. twelve yards. Cut not to be made through certain lands belonging to Thomas Wood, efq. fir John Morftiead, bart. and Elizabeth his wife, and Robert Phiftlethwayte, efq. and Selina his wife, (as lessees of the fee of London) and of the bishop of London, without content of the owners thereof. Company obliged to vary a certain part of the line of'the cut, if desired by Charles Brett, efq. No earth for making bricks to be taken from North Hyde Heath. Company to build and maintain a bridge over the cut in Porto Bello farm. Rates. For all Ijme, allies and manure, palling westward upon the cut, one penny per ton per mile. For all leparate packages, parcels, &c. not exceeding two hundred weight each, belonging and ^onfigned to different or distinct perfons, one halfpenny per mile. And for all other goods, wares, See. one penny halfpenny per ton per mile. No boat of less than twenty tons, or carrying paffengers, to pass on the cut without permiflion. Land owners to be admitted fubferibers in certain cafes. Publick ad.

'•  y n .CAP,.

 VjOOglC

I795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 44—46. 175 .CAP. XLIV.

An aft to enable the most noble Francis duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable cut from his present navigation in the townihip of Worftey, in the county palatine of Lancaffer, to the townihip of Pennington, near the town of Leigh, in the Laid county.—[April s3, 1795.]

Power to make the cut. For every ton of coal, ftone, timber, and other goods conveyed by the said cut, two {hillings and flxpence. Lands used for the cut to be taxed in proportion to other lands. Land owners empowered to make wharfs, &c. Preferving right to work mines. Pubiick aft.

CAP. XLV.

An aft to. explain, amend, and render more effectual an aft, made and pafied in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for paving, lighting, watching, cleanfing, watering, repairing, and keeping in repair, Finfbury Square, in the parish of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlesex, and part of the manor of Finfbury, and certain other streets and places communicating with or near to the said square ; and for preventing or removing nuisances and annoyances within the fame.—[April 38, 1795.]

Aft 31 Geo. 3. c. 90, recited. So much of recited aft as limits the ex cent or the rate to be laid repealed. Rates to be made not exceeding four {hillings in the pound. Trufcees may borrow two thousand pounds. For effectually extending the powers of the former aft and this aft to Middle Moorhelds and the quarters in Moorfields. Separate accounts of optional streets to be kept. Rates on houfes, See. in Finfbury Square, &c. or money borrowed and cheargeable thereon, not applicable to optional ftreets. Fourteen days notice to be given previous to railing money. Securities to be entered in books. No preference to securities on account of prior date. Compenfation to the parish of Saint Luke, not to be prejudiced. Extending all the provisions of the former aft to this aft. Pubiick aft.

CAP. XLVI.

An aft for laying out and making a new street from Whitefriar-gate to the south end of Quay-ftreet, within the town and county of the town of Kingfton-upon-Rull.—[April 28, 1795.]

Certain persons empowered to make the new street and to take down buildings. Power to purchase buildings and grounds. Conveyances to be regif-terered in the pubiick register office at Beverley in Yorklhire. How lands purchased are to be conveyed to and veiled in truftees. For determining leafes. No houfes, Sec. to be taken without consent of the owners, unless notice be given before the ffrll day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven. The trustees when reduced to three shall convey to the committee upon the fame trulls. Committee appointed. Vacancies in the committee shall be filled up in a month. Committee to make calls for money from the fubferibers. Committee may admit new fubferibers. Power to grant leafes. Rents to be applied as the fubferibers shall appoint. Power to fell lands purchased under certain reftriftions. The money railed by such lales to be applied as the fubferibers shall appoint. Committee to be chargeable only for the monies they receive. A treasurer and clerk of secretary to be appointed. General meeting of fubferibers on the first of Auguft yearly. Subfcribers may make orders. Appeal. Subfcribers may sue and be sued in the name of their treasurer or clerk or lecretary* Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble calls. Saving of the privileges of Hull. Pubiick act,

cap.

176 Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii 1IJ. c. 47—49. [1795.

CAP. XLVII.

An ad for taking down the chapel of the chapelry of Haydon, in the pari(h of Warden, in the county of Northumberland, and for building a new chapel, in a convenient situation within the said chapelry.— [April a8, 1795-]

Truftees names. Three trustees may ad. Truftees dying, &c. others maybe chofen. First meeting of trustees to be within one month after palling this aft. Seven days notice to be given of meetings. If three trustees do not meet, an adjournment to be made for a fortnight. Queftions at meetings to be determined by a majority of trustees prefent. Truftees may appoint officers, &c. taking security from them. Contracts to be in writing. A rate to be made of eight-pence halfpenny in the pound. Recovery of rate. Chapelwardens to account. Monies received and proceedings, &c. of trustees to be entered in a book. Old chapel to be taken down and new chapel built. Monuments, &c. to betaken down. Mural monuments only to be placed in the new chapel. Pews to be fet out for the vicar, chapelwardens, and for chriftenings, churchings, and for the poor, &c. Pews or feats to'be fet out to owners of such in the old chapel. Relidue of pews to be allotted to owners of meffiiages, &c. in the chapelry for the use of their tenants. Pews to be numbered. The new chapel to be called Haydon Chapel. No burials in the new chapel. Divine fervice, &c. to be performed in the school house at Haydon bridge, until the new chapel is completed. Scite of old chapel and chapel yard to continue as a burial place. Right of presentation reserved to T. R. Beaumont, efq. and his wife patrons. Rights of vicar continued. Rights of the ordinary referved. Actions to be in the name of the treasurer or clerk to the truftees. Subfcriptions may be recovered by action of debt. Appeal. General iffue. Treble cofts. Power to grant a further piece of ground for increaling the chapel yard. Publick act.

CAP. XLVIII.

An ad for amending two ads of the thirtieth year of King George the Second, and the thirty-fecond year of his present Majesty, fo far as relates to the draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds within the township or hamlet of March, in the Jfle of Ely, and county of Cambridge.—[April 28, 1795.]

Commiffioners appointed. First meeting of commissioners to be on the third Wednefday after passing this ad. Certain parts of the commons shall be alTelTed as fen lands. Commiffioners to meet yearly on the first Wednefday in May, and last Wednefday in October, and make an annual rate of two {hillings an acre.. Tenants to pay the tax, and dedud the fame out of the rents. Application of rates. Power to borrow one thousand five hundred pounds. Securities may be affigned. Rates charged with the principal monies, and vested in the creditors. Power to take earth for making banks, &c. Publick ad.

CAP. XLIX.

An aft for granting to bis Majesty a duty on certificates ijfued for uftng hair poivder.—[April 3o, 1795• 3

Mod gracious Sovereign,

preamble. X 7E, your Majedy’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjecbs, the com-VV mons of Great Britain in parliament allembled, towards raising the neceflaryiupplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences5 and making such permanent addition to the publick

revenue

1795-1 Anno regni tricefirrio quinto Georgii III. c. 49-  *7

revenue as (hall be adequate to the increased charge occafiorleci by any loan to be railed, or (lock to be created, by virtue of any act or afts for that piirpofe to-be palled in this section of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein-after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there {hall be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc-ceffors, the stamp duty following; that is to iay, That every person who (hall use or wear any powder commonly called Hair Perfons wear-Powder, of whatever materials the fame {hall be made, (hall pre- hair pow-vi.oufly enter his or her name and place of abode, and annually out a certiH-take out a certilicate thereof, in the manner herein mentioned ; ca[e annually, and that upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or chargeable piece of paper, upon which any certificate ifTued to any such w*th a stamp person (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, there {hall be 0 1 charged a stamp duty of one pound and one /hilling.

II.  AndL> in order to prevent the application of other names to any All powder powder which shall he used as hair powder^ with intent to evade the yr°rn as an ar“ payment of the said duty, be it further enacted by the authority d^eined aforesaid, That every fort or composition of powder which shall hair powder, be used or worn by any person as an article of his or her drefs,

by whatever name the fame {hall be diftinguhhed, shall be deemed hair powder within the intent and meaning of this a61.

III.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Aft not to exin this aft: contained (hall extend, or be construed to exend, to tend to the

any of the royal family, or to any of the, immediate servants of roY^^ family, u* A/r • a J  Ml  ,  {-  r  •  c  ,  ortheinmme-

his Majesty, or any of the royal family, lervmg in any of the ca- hiate fervants.

pacities enumerated or defended in or by an aft:, patted in the Seventeenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An a5i for granting to his Majesty a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing fever a I rates and duties upon glajs, imposed by an at1 ?nade in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majefly, and for granting to his Majefly other rates and duties upon glass in lieu thereof and for the better collecting the duties upon glafs; and for repealing the several rates and duties charged by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majefly, upon all persons and bodies' politick and corporate, having certain quantities cj fiver plate.

IV.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing Exemptions, in this aft: contained {hall extend, or be construed to extend, to

charge with the duty hereby imposed any clergyman who {ball not be po {Petted of an annual income of one hundred pounds, or upwards, whether arising from ecclesiastical preferment or other-wife ; nor any subaltern or non-commi(honed officer, or private man, belonging to any regiment in the army, artillery, militia,

Vol. XL.  N  divifion

paying for two

Aft not to extend to differing

178 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1795.

divifton of marines, corps of engineers, or fencible corps; nor any officer employed in his Majesty’s navy under the rank of commander.

Exemptions. V. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this a61 contained (hall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to charge with the duty hereby imposed any officer or private man in any corps of yeomanry, or volunteers, either cavairy or infantry, raised by virtue of an aft of the thirty-fourth year of his - Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for encouraging and disciplining fucb corps or companies of men as shall voluntarily enrol the??felves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coojhy or for the general defence of the kingdom during the present war.

Perfons^hav- VI. provided alfo, and be it enafted, That any person who tw^immarrb ^ave more t‘ian two daughters unmarried (hall be at liberty, cd daughters, oa paying the duty by this aft imposed for two of the number, to receive a to receive a certificate or certificates in the manner provided by ^°r  f°r the whole number, of whom he shall give an account;

°n and that neither the person giving such account, or any of the persons included in such certificate, (hall in such cafe be liable to any of the penalties imposed by this aft by reason of the duty not being paid for the whole number.

VII.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this aft contained {ball extend, or be continued to extend, to ]- not charge with the duty hereby impofed, any preacher or preachers pofTdTed of any congregation of diffenters, or any person difienting from of an income the church of England in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, of iool. who now is, or at any time hereafter shall be entitled to the benefit of the ftatute, made in the first year of the reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An aft for exempting their Majefies protejlant fibjefts, diffentingfrom the church ^England 1 from the penalties of certain laws ; or of the ftatute, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for the further relief of protefant dissenting ?niniflers and fchoolmafers; or of the ftatute, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft to relieve, upon conditions, and under refriftions, the peifons therein defer ibed, from certain penalties and disabilities to which papifls, or persons professing the popifl) religion, are by law fubjeft; and who ffiall not be pof-fefled of an annual income of one hundred pounds or upwards, however arifing.

Duty to be VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, under the ma-for the more effectual levying, collecting, and paying the said ^e'comrni? duties herein-before granted, the fame shall be under the govern-lioners for " rnent, care, and management of tfie commissioners for the time ftamps,  being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vel-

lum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are required and empowered to denote the payment of the said duty by this aft impofed, either by ufipg any stamps in their pofieffion heretofore provided to be used in relation to any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, or to provide new stamps for that purpose; and to renew or alter the fame from time to

time



1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.  179

time as they {hall fee occafion, and to do all things necefiary to •be done for putting this aCl in execution with relation to the said duty hereby granted, in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any. former law concerning {lamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

IX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Commiffion-for the greater convenience in paying the said duty, the said com- offices within* miffioners of {lamp duties, by any writing under the hands and certain limits seals of any three or more of them, (hall and may appoint such for receipt and fo many offices and places within the limits of ten miles

from the head office of (lamp duties in Middlefex, for the receipt ^ffiributors* of all accounts of the names and places of abode of persons liable to appoint to the payment of the said duty within the said limits, in pur- them without fuance of this ac5b ; and that the refpeCtive head distributors of ^ch limits, {lamps {hall alfo, without the said limits, in their refpeCtive di-vifions, with the consent and approbation of the said commiffion-ers, appoint in every county, riding, divifion, {hire, {lewartry, or place, in Great Britain, one or more such offices and places for the receipt of all accounts of the names and places of abode of all other persons liable to the payment of the said duty without the limits of ten miles from the head office as aforesaid ; all which Offices to be said offices and places {hall respectively be kept open for the pur- kePc open as poses of this a Cl, on such days, and during such periods of the |0ne^s^fhall" year, as the said commissioners {hall from time to time direCt ; dire<5t, who which directions, and also the situation of the refpeCtive offices iliall cause the and places aforesaid, the said commissioners {hall cause to be, fame and their from time'' to time, publickly advertised in some newfpiaper, to^e^adve?0* 'ufually circulated in the neighbourhood of such offices or places tifed. refpe&ively, with the names of the officers appointed to Superintend the fame.

X.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Perfons liable, from and after the fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-five, or within the space of one calendar month next tificates to be enfuing, every person liable to the duty by this aCl impofed, lhall made out in make such entry as aforesaid, by delivering, or causing to be de- the following livered, according to the directions' of this ad, into the head f°rjin8*

Office of {lamps, or such other office as the laid commissioners lhall appoint within the limits aforesaid, or into the office of the head distributors of {lamps, or their deputies, or other persons appointed to receive the fame, an account in writing, containing his or her name and place of abode, and whether he or ihe is a houfekeeper, or one of the family, or a lodger, inmate, apprentice, or fervant, abiding in the house of any perfon, with the day, month, and year, of delivering in the fame; and such commiffioners, or their distributors refpeCtively, or their refpeCtive deputies, or such other person or persons who (hall be appointed to receive such accounts at the office or place of delivery, lhall thereupon, and upon payment of the said duty, iftue a certificate, made out in the name of the proper officer, and ftamped, to denote the duty by this a Cl impofed, in the form and manner herein-after directed ; and which account and certificate lhall refpeCtively be made out in the forms following; (that is to lay),

N 2,

FOTU

iglc

FORM of ACCOUNT.

a  n>  -t  Day of  in the year of our Lord  

; fet forth the county and parifh, v or town, where the office is fit  Here fet forth the [ name or names of the parties.  Here fet forth the place of abode, containingtown, ftreet,- parifh, and county.  Here fet forth whether the party is houfekeeper, one of the family, videlicet, wife, fon, daughter, &c. (as the cafe may be lodger, inmate, apprentice, or fervant, and the year for which the certificate is to be taken out.

g %  Q O.  *1  n>  co  rr      

FORM of CERTIFICATE.

Counterpart.  Form  of  certificate.

Column for the No. of certificate and date.

Column for name and place of abode and defcription.

Column for the county and

name of officer.

3

3

c

s±>

•o

VO

w

3

3

c

EL

o-

c

Here fet forth the No., of certificate and date.

Here fet forth the name and place of abode of the party, or other defer! ption that may be neceffary.

Here fet forth the county and town or parish where the certificate is iffued, and the name of the officer iffu-ing the fame, and the year for which the certificate is iffued.

-4

\o

XI. And

1795*] Anno regnl tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.  181

XL And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Determina-every certificate ifiued by virtue of this abl shall cease and deter- £^t^s#Cer mine on the fifth day of April in the year for which the fame shall be ifiued; and every certificate taken out after the fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or within one calendar month afterwards, for the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or in any subsequent year, for the year in which the fame (hall be ifiued, shall be in force until and upon the fifth day of April then next following, and shall commence from the date thereof; and every certificate taken out for any year subsequent to the year in which the fame shall be ifiued, shall commence from the fifth day of April then next enfuing, and continue in force until and upon the fifth day of April in the succeeding year.

XII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That

the names of all or any number of persons residing refpeblively fa^e dwelling in the fame dwelling house may be included in one account, or may be in one the accounts may be feveral, at the eleblion of such person or account, but perfons. but that a several certificate shall in every cafe be ifiued ccr5^cates to in refpea of each perfon.  fol'

XIII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if the mailer or mistress of any servant or Matters pay-fervants shall declare his or her intention to pay the duties which ferv^nts^ may be charged or chargeable in pursuance of this abl, in refpebl ^receive^ of any such servant or servants using or wearing hair powder, certificates, and shall deliver, in manner herein-before direbted with refpebt which shall to persons paying for themselves the duties imposed by this abl,

a true and faithful account of all such servants by him or her kept, theCfameS m in refpebt of whom such duties are intended to be paid, setting capacity, forth the several capacities in which such servants are refpebtively kept, it shall be lawful thereupon, and upon payment of the duties for the several servants specified in such account, to issue and deliver to such mafier or mistress a diftinbt certificate in refpebt of each such servant for whom such duty shall be fo paid as aforesaid ; every such certificate to fet forth, in words at length, the particular capacity in which such servant shall be hired and shall ferve; and every such certificate shall be deemed and construed to extend to the servant named therein during his or her continuance in the fame fervice, and also to every servant who shall come into the service of such master or mistress during the continuance of such certificate, in the room of such servant fo named therein, to serve in the fame capacity; and no servant serving such master or mistress in any capacity mentioned in such certificate fhall, during the continuance thereof, be required for himself or herself to obtain any other certificate in pursuance of this abl, nor shall such servant be liable to the payment of any duty whilst such service shall continue and such certificate shall remain in force, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XIV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That the laid commissioners of the ftamn duties shall cause to

*  f ci s 10 prepirs

u3 be

i8z Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1795

books con- be prepared books, in which every leaf shall be divided and dif-tfficates^c dinguifhed into two columns, in each of which columns there shall be printed .an equal number of certificates in blank, for the names, places of abode, and defcription, of the persons reflectively to whom the fame shall be issued to be inserted therein, all which certificates shall be of equal length and breadth as near as may be, and the said two columns shall be joined with some fiourifh, or device, through which the outermost certificate may be cut off indentwife, and that all certificates in the Inner column of the said books shall be numbered progressively as they.fhall be placed therein, beginning such progrefiive enumeration at the end of every year, ending on the fifth day of April as aforesaid, in respect of each office where certificates shall be granted in pur-fuance of this adf, and that also the certificates in the outer column shall be numbered in like manner, every fuccefiive certificate in the outer column bearing the fame number with the corresponding certificate in the inner column of such books, and the certificates in the outer column of such book or books shall severally be damped with a damp, to denote the duty by this add imposed ; and the said commifiioners shall take care to provide the several diftributors, or other officers to be appointed to receive accounts from persons liable to the said duty by virtue of On payment this add, with fufiicient numbers of the said books of two columns, of. duty, cer- containing such certificates as aforesaid, that all and every the said "and6 Per^ons ma>7 be Aipplied with certificates damped in purluance of delivered?11 this a<ft, as they shall require the fame ; and the said commifiioners and head distributors reipectively, or their officers aforesaid, who shall receive any account or accounts, together with the duties payable by virtue of this add as aforesaid, shall forthwith in refpedd of each and every person whose name and place of abode shall be entered therein, fill up one of the said certificates in the outer column of the said books in the order they are placed therein, with the name, place of abode, and description of such person entering such account, and the date of issuing the.fame; and shall in like manner fill up the corresponding certificate in the inner column of the said books with the said particulars, fo that such certificate in the said inner column may form a counterpart of the corresponding certificate in the outer column ; and, as the fame are severally filled up as aforesaid, shall cause the certificates in the outer columns to be carefully cut off indentwife, and delivered to the respective persons requiring the fame in manner aforesaid, on payment of the duties hereby imposed in refpefil thereof, and without fee or other charge. to^return°rS XV.  ^  further  enacfed by the authority aforesaid, That

books of cer- the respective diftributors, and officers aforesaid, fhall, whenever tificates to the they shall be thereunto required by the said commifiioners of commiffipn- stamp duties, return the said books wherefrom the certificates to tranfm^lifts  as  af°r^faid  shall  have been cut indentwife, to the faid

annually of commifiioners at their head office in Middlefex; and the said the persons commifiioners shall cause one corredd -lift, in alphabetical order, who have ob- be made out annually, before the first day of November in

every

<

I795-] Anno regni tricesimo qumto Georgii III. c. 49.  183

every year, of all and every the persons who (hall have obtained cer- tained certifi-tificates in pursuance of this a 61, for each county, riding, divifion, c.ar€S2? the fhire, ftewartry, or place in Great Britain, containing the names, clerks of the places of abode, and description of such persons refpedlively, and peace, &c. shall transmit a correct copy thereof to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, sheriff depute, or fie wart clerk, or their respective deputies, of such county, riding, divifion, fhire, ftewartry, or place, which lifts and copies refpedlively, at the head office of flamps, and at the respective offices of such clerks of the peace, town clerks, sheriffs depute, and stewart clerks, or their refpec-tive deputies, shall be open to the inspection of any perfon, at all seasonable hours, on payment of fixpence, and no more ; and the t0 said commiffioners, by their officers, and the fa id clerks of the [°£3coPies 0 peace, town clerks, sheriffs depute, or stewart clerks, or their respective deputies, are hereby required and directed, upon demand, to deliver a true copy or copies of all such lifts, or parts of lifts, in their poffeffion, or of such of them as a copy shall be demanded, to any person or persons whatever, (fuch copy or copies, purporting to be a true copy or copies, to be certified and signed by such officers, clerks of the peace, town clerks, sheriffs depute, or stewart clerks, or their deputies refpeftively), for which no greater fee than three-pence shall be charged, unless the copies lo demanded shall contain the entries of two or more perfons, in which cafe there shall be paid at the rate of sixpence for every two persons whose names are certified therein ; which Lifts and co-faid lifts, and parts of lifts, and also a copy signed as aforesaid, of Pj?s ^ ^^4* them, or any of them, or any part thereof, fhall, at all times and ^ence. at all places, be allowed and admitted as legal evidence of a certificate having been obtained by the person or persons whose names shall be certified therein ; and such copy shall and may be Copies may-required by any justice of the peace in Great Britain, before whom required any prosecution shall be depending, to be delivered gratis, on no- jqftices tice in writing being left at the office of the said commiffioners, ® clerks of the peace, town clerks, sheriffs depute, or stewart clerks refpe&ively, or their refpeetive deputies, to whom refpe<Sively the fame shall appertain,

XVI.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That the said refpe6live clerks of the peace, town clerks, sheriffs Clerk of the depute, and stewart clerks, or their respective deputies, fhall, peace, &c. to wfithin fix weeks after the receipt of the copy of such lift, make p^s Clifts to out, or cause to be made out therefrom, correct lifts of all and [he parish of-every the persons named therein, for each city or town, parlih fleers, &c. to and place, within such county, riding, divifion, fhire, or ftewar- be  0^

try, and fhall, within the said period, or seven days after, cause doors^&c the fame to be respectively transmitted to the churchwardens or ’ overseers of the poor, conftables, tythingmen, or other peace officers, of or within such city, town, parifh, or place, or to some or one of them, who fhall, within three days after the receipt of any such lift, cause a true and exact copy thereof to be affixed on the church or chapel doors and market cross (if any) of such city, town, parifh, or place; and if such town or place shall next '

n 4.  have

Penalty on ptv'ons de* facing such copies*

Penalty for

184 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1795

have a church or chapel, then on the church or chapel doer of the next adjoining pariih, and (hall cause the fame to be, from time to time, replaced, for the space of four weeks then nexten-fuing ; and as often as it shall be necellary for that purpose fhall, from time to time during the laid space of four weeks, affix other copies thereof in like manner ; and every person wilfully tearing, defacing, or removing, any such copy fo affixed within the said space of four weeks, shall forfeit for every offence, the sum of forty (hillings, on conviction before a justice of the peace, as herein-after is directed, to be paid, one moiety thereof to such churchwarden or overseers of the poor, conftable, tythingman, or other peace officer aforesaid, and the other moiety thereof to the informer or informers.

XVII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the expiration of one calendar month after the fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, out o^r for ^ any person (hall use or wear as an article of his or her dress transferring, any powder commonly called Hair Powder, of whatever ma-orfraudulent- terials the fame (hall be made, or by whatever other name the Cei” fame shall be diftin guifhed or called, without having obtained a certificate from the proper officer of {lamps in the county, riding, divifion, {hire, flewartry, or place, where such person (hall refide, in pursuance and according to the dirediions of this a6l, every such person {hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, which {hall be sued for and recovered in the county, riding, divifion, {hire, ftewartry, or place, where such offender {hall be; and if any person having obtained any such certificate shall afterwards fell, transfer, affign, or deliver the fame, to any other perfon, with intent that such certificate shall be fraudulently made use of to the diminution of his Majeffy’s revenue granted by this a£l, or if any person shall fraudulently use any such certifi-* cate in order to evade the payment of the said duty by this a61 impofed, every such person fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of thirty pounds.

XVIIL Provided always, and be it further  enacted by  the

Perfon9 from  authority aforesaid, That no person who shall  come into  this

foreign parts kingdom from foreign parts, {hall be required to obtain his or her obtah^cer- certificate, in pursuance of this a61, before the expiration of ' iificates till %i twenty-one days next after such arrival ; the proof of such per-days after  fon’s arrival from foreign parts, and of the time of such arrival,

arrival.  shall lie upon the party claiming such privilege.

XIX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, p*°aceS Sc" to  ^ie  respective  clerks  of  the peace, town clerks, sheriffs de-

be" re warded pute, and stewart clerks, or their refpe6live deputies, or other officers aforesaid, who are hereby respectively required to execute this act in any of the particulars herein mentioned, and who shall respectively execute the fame to the satisfaction of the commif-fioners of stamp duties for the time being, or the major part of them, shall have, and be entitled to such reasonable rewards, (to be paid by the said commffioners of {lamp duties out of any duties fifing on {lamped vellum, parchment, or paper), as the com-‘  miffioners

for their trouble.

 Googl,

1795*1  regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.  184

miffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall authorise and direct, for their care and trouble in and about the execution of this add, over and above’ their respective expences in the fame, to be paid in like manner; and that such reasonable reward as the said commissioners of damp duties shall from time to time authorife, shall also be given and allowed to the respective churchwardens, overseers of the poor, conftables, tythingmen, or other peace officers, for any thing done by them refpecHvely in the execution of this adt, to be paid by the clerks of the peace, town clerks, sheriffs depute, stewart clerks, or their deputies, or other officers aforesaid, respectively employing such conftables, tythingmen, or other peace officers, to be charged in their accounts with the said commissioners of damp, duties.

XX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty on if any officer appointed to receive accounts of persons names and pQ^ted m re* places of abode in pursuance of this act, or to make out and iffiue ^ejve ac_ certificates, or to return lifts or copies thereof, shall neglect to counts, or'to perform his or their duty in the execution of such office, with make out cer-relation to the powers and trusts vested in them respectively by this a£t according to the rules and directions herein mentioned, duty, or shall commit or suffer to be committed any undue or fraudulent practice in the execution of such office, and be thereof lawfully convinced, then such officer, or other person aforesaid, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

XXL And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That such persons who are or shall be appointed furveyors, in Surveyors of

purfuance of any adt or acts of parliament for the duties on houses houses and

and windows or lights, shall and may, within fourteen days after windows to ,  r,-.  1  r  *  -7  1  •  •  ?  .  give notice to

the firth day of April yearly, give or leave notice to or for every occupiers of

occupier of any dwelling house where any perfon, liable to the houses to pro-duties hereby impofed, shall reside within the limits of the places duce lifts an-for which such surveyors are to adt, at his or her dwelling houfe, p^nts°there-(and where such dwelling houses shall be divided into different in wh0 iiave stories or apartments, and occupied distinctly by several perfons, worn hair then to or for the occupier of each diftridf, ftory, or apartment), powder, &c. to prepare and produce, within fourteen days next ensuing the day of giving such notice, a lift, in writing, to the best of his or her belief, of the christian and surname of each and every person resident in such dwelling houfe, and liable to the duty hereby impofed, who fhall, within the year ending the fifth day of April preceding such notice, to his or her knowledge, have used or worn hair powder, and the situation or capacity of such person in respect of the family or families in such dwelling houfe; in which lift, all persons of the family, and all apprentices, fervants, lodgers, and inmates, which, to the best of his or her knowledge or belief, are respectively liable to the said duty, whether such perfons, or any of them, shall have obtained certificates in pursuance of this act or not, shall be included; and every such occupier fhall, after such notice fo given or left, make out such lift, and figu the lame with his or her own name, and shall alfo,

u  at

1.86

Penalty of aol. or, occupiers for neglect.

Surveyors to transmit lifts tothecommif-fioners for taxes, who fiiall transmit copies to the commissioners of ftamps.

Occupiers not to include in lift, residents who have ufu.d residence elfe-where.

Period for which first lifts shall be made out.

Application and recovery of penalties sued for within three months.

Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1795.

at the fame time, make a declaration, signed by him or her, of the county, riding, divifion, fhire, ftewartry, or place, where such occupier lo resident (hall have obtained, or doth intend to obtain, his or her certificate, and whether for himself or herself only', or for any part of his or her family or fervants, and deliver the fame, or cause the fame to be delivered, to such furveyor; and if any such occupier (hall neglect or refuse to make out, fign, and deliver, such lift, or to make such declaration as aforesaid within the time hereinbefore limited, or (hall omit any person who ought to have been included therein, in pursuance of this aT, and who {hall, to his or her knowledge, have used or worn hair powder within the period preferibed in such notice, every such occupier shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, add shall be liable to prosecution for every such offence, and to be deemed guilty thereof, whether it shall appear that the person fo omitted or not returned according to the directions of this a<5t hath or hath not obtained for himself or herself a certificate, according to the directions of this a£I, or hath or hath not been prosecuted for any such offence, and whether such perfon, fo omitted or not returned, is or is not amenable to justice for any offence against this aCt; and that the conviction of any such occupier, for any such neglefit or omiffion, shall not be deemed to exempt the person fo omitted or not returned from paying the duty by this aCtimpofed, or from prosecution or punishment for any offence against this adt.

XXII.  And be it further enafted, That the persons appointed surveyors shall transmit such lifts fo delivered to them refpeCtively as aforesaid, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes at their office in Middlefex, who shall within a convenient time transmit a full and exact copy of the names and deferiptions of all persons named or deferibed therein, to the said commissioners of stamp duties.

XXIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be required to include in the lift made out by him or her, any persons reftdent in his or her houfe, who have respectively places of usual residence elsewhere in Great Britain.

XXIV.  And be it further enatffed by the authority aforefaid. That in the first lift to be made out in pursuance of this a£t, the fame shall be made for all the persons resident in any such dwelling houfe, who shall have used or worn hair powder as aforesaid, at any time between the fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix.

XXV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That one moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed (except where other provisions are expressly made) shall (if sued for within the space of three calendar months from the time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof, With full costs of luit, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the fame within the time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty’s court of exchequer at Weft min-

T795*3 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.  187

fter for offences committed in England, and in his Majesty’s court of exchequer at Edinburgh for offences committed in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted That in

default of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no the limited such penalty *or forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable except time, not rein the name of his Majesty’s attorney general in England, or coverable, exadvocate in Scotland., by information in the respective courts ^ea^eino^e aforesaid ; and in which cafe the whole of such penalty or forfeiture attorney gene-fhall belong to his Majeffy, his heirs and fuccefiors, and that all rai? &c. and penalties and forfeitures, and shares of penalties and forfeitures, to be applied incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majeffy, his heirs or fuc- ^J^einmen~ ^ceffors, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of his tlone Majeffy’s ffamp duties for the time being ; and that in all cafes where the whole of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures shall be recovered to the use of his Majeffy, his heirs or fuccefiors, it shall be lawful for the laid commissioners to cause such rewards as they shall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalties or forfeitures fo recovered, after deducting all charges and ex-pences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout or amongst any person or persons who (hail appear to them to be entitled thereto, either as discoverers or informers in respect to such penalties or forfeitures fo recovered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for Jufticesmay

anv justice of the peace residing near the place where the offence ^etermin^ °f-

j j  *  o  r  .  fences where

fhall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against tjle penalty

this adt which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty, not does not ex-exceeding twenty pounds, which said justice of the peace is hereby ceed 20b authorised and required upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, within three calendar months after the offence committed, to summon the party accufed, giving to each party three days notice to appear, and also the witnesses on either fide, and to examine into the matter of fadl, and upon proof made thereof, either by voluntary confession of the party accufed, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witneffes, or other-wife, as the cafe may require, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, as in and by this adt is directed, to be divided, one moiety thereof to the poor of theparifti or place where Application of the offence shall be committed, and the other moiety thereof to the Penahy. informer or informers, and to award and issue out his warrant under his hand and feal for the levying the said penalty fo adjudged, on the Penalty may goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in cafe they shall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any); and where the goods of such offender cannot be found fumcient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prifon, there to remain for any lpace of time not exceeding fix nor less than three calendar months, unless fuch

pecuniary



Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the <jcarter fef-dons.

Cofts may be awarded.

juftice pray adjourn the hearing of a complaint where the par

in another place,

1S8 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1795.

pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied ; and if either party shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement cf any iuch juftice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving fecurity, to the amount of the value of luch penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded, in cafe such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the juilices of the peace at the next general quarter feftio ns for the county, riding, divifion, fhire, ffevvartry, or place, which shall happen after fourteen days next after such conviction shall have been made, and of which appeal reasonable notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to •iummon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame ; and in cafe the judgement of fuchjuf-tice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons appealing to pay such colls occasioned by iuch appeal as to them shall seem meet: provided alfo, that in cafe the party accused of any offence in uilng or wearing hair ty infills that powder, without obtaining a certificate according to this a61, he has obtain- shall infill in his excuse before the justice of the peace, that he ed a certificate has obtained a certificate in any other county or place, and fhall, on his oath or affirmation, alledge and fet forth the county or place, and time of obtaining the fame, it shall be lawful at the request of the party accufed, for the laid juilice of the peace to adjourn the hearing and determination of the complaint to a future time or times, to be in the diferetion of the said juilice, in order for the party accused to produce his certificate, or such entry or copy thereof, under the hand of the proper officer, as herein is di reded; and if at the end of the time or times fo to be allowed, such party shall net produce to such justice of the peace Penalties may pueh certificate, or an entry or copy thereof as aforesaid, the said juilice shall proceed to, the hearing and determination of such complaint in the manner before directed : provided neverthelefs, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said juftice, where he shall fee caufe, to mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit, (reafonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the difeovery as in prosecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above such mitigation), and fo as such mitigation doth not reduce the penalties to less than the moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the said colls and charges; any thing contained in this a61 to the contrary not with Handing.

XXV11I. And be it further enaded, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witneftes to give evi-dence before such juftice, touching any of the matters relative to this a6t, and shall negle61 or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such neglect or refufal, to be allowed of by such justice of the peace, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined on oath and give evidence before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty {hillings, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as is herein directed as to other penalties.

XXIX. And

be mitigated.

Penalty on ivitneiles ne-

pear, or to give evidence

XXIX.  And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid,

That the justice of the peace before whom any offender {hall be Conviction convidfed as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to be made ^/in'th^fol out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of lowing form.' words to the fame effect, mutatls mutandis, (that is to fay),

*  TT>E it remembered, That on the  day of  in

i X) the year of our Lord  in  the  county

c of  A. B. of was convicted  before

c me C. D. one of his Majesty’s justices of the peace for

c residing near the place where the offence was committed, for

*  that the said A, B, on the  day of  nowlaft

*  paft, did, contrary to the form of the statute in that cafe made c and provided, (here jlate the offence atgainji the aft) ; and I do

*  declare and adjudge that the said A. B. hath forfeited the fum

< of  of lawful money of Great Britain for the

i offence aforesaid, to be deftributed as the law diredts. Given

*  under my hand and feal the  day  of

Which conviction the said justice {ball cause to be wrote fairly Convictions to

upon parchment, and returned to the next general or quarter be kept among rt  #  the county rc •

feffions of the peace for the county, nding, divifion, mire, (te- corcjs an^

wartry, or place, where such conviCtion was made, to be filed by not remove*

the proper officer there, and there to remain and be kept among able into any

the records of the fame county, riding, divifion, fhire, ftewartry, other court*

or place $ and no such conviCtion shall be removed by certiorariy

or other procefs, into any court whatfoever.

XXX.  And be it further enaefed, That if in any aCtion, fu it, Perfons claim-

information, or profecution, against any person for non-payment teg exemp-of the duty imposed by this aCt, any dispute shall arise whether  P[ove

fuch person is entitled to be exempted from such payment, in

every such cafe the proof thereof shall lie upon the person claiming such exemption, who shall and may be permitted to alledge the fame on his oath or affirmation, or other sufficient evidence, to be produced and shewn by him or her, any thing in this act contained, or any law, ufage, or cuflom, to the contrary not-withftanding; and if such person shall be a beneficed clergyman, Income ofbe« the income a riling from his benefice or benefices shall be eiti- neficed clergy-

mated on the average amount thereof, as nearly as the fame can ffen4t0.^e % r .  ,  &  J ,  *  j  r r '  timated on the

be alcertained, computed on the period or (even years next pre- averse of 7

ceding that in which such action, fuit, information, or profecu- yearst

tion, shall be brought or commenced.

XXXI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be Penalty for counterfeited or forged, any stamp or mark directed or allowed to be counterfeiting, ufed,or provided, made, or ufed, in pursuance of this act, for the ftamps. purpose of denoting the duty by this adt granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the fame, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with intention to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors,*of the said duty, or shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to fale, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to the

faid



190 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1795.

faid duty, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or (hall privately or fraudulently use any (lamp directed or allowed to be used by this aft, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, of the said duty ; every person fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convifted, {hall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

XXXII.  And be it further cnafted by the authority aforesaid, Provifoss of That all powers, provifoes, articles, claufes, allowance on present ^°latin ^ payment of the duty, and all other matters and things prescribed ltarnp duties, and appointed by any former a61 or adits of parliament relating to to extend to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (and not hereby tin# aft. altered), shall ^as far as the fame are applicable) be in full force

andeffeft with relation to the duty hereby impofed, and {hall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and fecuring, the said duty hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had severally and relpec-tively been re-enafted with relation to the said duty -hereby impofed.

XXXIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Duties to be That the duties herein-before granted shall be paid from time to paid to the re- time into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of of ftampsnt^le ^ut*es on ftatnped vellum, parchment, and paper, who (hall

* pay the fame (the necessary charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being dedufted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time and in such manner as the duties charged on ffamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid ; and the said money" fo paid into the said receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund. Duties to be XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That applied in de- the monies arising or to arise of the duty hereby granted, or fo in^reafed"^ much thereof as shall be fufficient, shall be deemed an addition charge occa- made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased iioned by any charge occasioned by any loan made, or flock created or to be Joan of this created, by virtue of any aft or adls passed or to be passed in this e 10n*  felTion of parliament; and that the said monies fhall, during the

fpace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the said receipt, diftindUy and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arising from the said duty, and paid into the said receipt, fhall, together with the monies arising from anyr other rates and duties granted in this fefiion of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as' .aforefaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

CAP.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50—53. 191

C A P. L.

An aft to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themfdves for offices and employments ; and to. indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes 5 and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be (tamped according to law, or having been (tamped, have been loft or miflaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly damped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and foli-citors ; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have negtefted totranfmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpole ■ and for giving further time to such persons as have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices or fervants.—[April 30, 1795.]

CAP. LI.

An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town and county of the town of Southampton to the city of New Sarum in the county of Wilts, with a collateral branch to Northam within the liberties of the town of Southampton.

CAP. LII.

An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Thames or Ifis, at or near the town of Abingdon, in the county of Berks, to join or communicate with the Kennet and Avon canal, at or near the town of Trowbridge, in the county of Wilts } and also certain navigable cuts therein delcribed.

CAP. LIU.

An aft for further regulating the fending and receiving letters free from the duty of poftnge ; for allowing non-commiffiioned officers9 feamen, and private meny in the navy and army, whiljt on jcrvicey to fend and receive letters at a low rate of pofage ; and for permitting patterns and samples of goods to he transmitted by the pof at an eafur rate than is noiv allowed by law.—[May 5, 1795.]

(

'HERE AS it is expedient further to regulate the fending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of pofage; be it therefore enabled by the King’s mofl excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembied, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paf-fing of this aft, no letter or packet whatfoever, feat by the poll: from any piace within the kingdom of Great Britain, directed by or to any member of either of the two houses of parliament of Great Britain, (hall be exempted from the payment of the duty of poffage, according to the rates by law eftablifhed, if such letter or packet (hall exceed one ounce in weight.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no letter or packet, directed by any member of either of the (aid two houses of parliament, (hall, from and after the palling of this

x  aft.

Preamble.

No letter to or from any member of either houfeof parliament exceeding one ounce exempt from polfoge;

nor any letter, unless the member directing it be



igz

within 20 miles of the post town, on the day or day before, it is put into the office.

No member to fend more than io, or receive more than 15 letters free, daily.

How postage ffiall be charged for letters exceeding the limited number.

Perfons au-thorifed officially to fend and receive letters free, to continue to do fo.

Votes, proceedings in parliament, and newfpa-pers, may be lent in open covers, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53. [1795.

abl, be exempted from the payment of the duty of poftage, unless the member whose name shall be indorsed thereon, pursuant to the laws now in force, shall ablually be in the post town into the post office of which every such letter or packet shall be put; or within the .limits of the delivery of letters for such post town, or within twenty miles of such post town, on the day, or on the day before the day, on which such letter or packet shall be put into the post office.

III.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no member of either of the said two houses of parliament shall be entitled or allowed to fend by the poft, free from the duty of poftage, fuperferibed or direbled by him, more than ten letters in any one day 5 nor shall be entitled or allowed to receive by the poft, free from the duty of poftage, more than fifteen letters direbled to him in any one day.

IV.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That whenever the number of letters or packets, not weighing more than one ounce each, sent or received by any member of either of the two houses of parliament in any one day, shall exceed the number exempted by this abl from the duty of poftage, and the rates of postage on the said letters or packets refpeblively, or any of them, shall differ; then such of the said letters or packets as would be chargeable with a higher rate of postage than the remainder, shall be included in the number fo exempted, in preference to any which would be chargeable with a lower rate of poftage; and the remainder of such letters or packets shall be chargeable with the several rates of postage refpeblively to which such letters or packets would now by law be chargeable if sent or received by any persons not entitled to fend or receive letters or packets free from the duty of poftage.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the several persons who, by virtue of any abt or a61s of parliament, are authorifed, in right of their refpeblive offices and employments, to'fend and receive letters free from poftage, and their fucceftors in such offices and employments, shall and may, during their continuance in such offices and employments refpeblively, fend and receive letters and packets, free from the duty of poftage, in the fame manner, and under such reftriblions, as they now fend and receive the fame.

VI.  Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled. That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with the duty of poftage, any printed votes or proceedings in parliament, or printed newfpapers, being sent without covers, or in covers open at the fides, which shall be signed on the outside thereof by the hand of any member of parliament, in such manner as hath been heretofore prablifed, or which shall be direbled to any member of parliament, at any place whereof he {hall have given notice in writing to the postmaster general, or to his deputy; but that all such votes, proceedings, and newfpapers, fo fent, and signed or direbled as aforesaid, shall be received free of the duty of poft-

193

T793*] Anno fegni tfrcefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53,

age; any thing in this, or any former act, to the contrary hotwithftanding.

VII. ./W whereas it is expedient that the non-commiffionedofficers^ feamen, and privates, employed in his Majesty'*s navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery, and marines, jhould, whil/l on fervice,

permitted to fend and receive Jingle letters by the pojl, on their own private concerns, at a low rate of poftage; be it therefore further enacfted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Single letters passing of this a61, no Jingle'letter sent by the poll from any non- *Tom non-commi(Honed officer, feaman, or private, employed in his Ma-jefty’s navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery, or men,anipri-marines, (hall, whilst such non commissioned officer, feaman, or vates, liable to private refpedlivelv, shall be employed in his Majesty’s fervice, postage and not otherwife, be charged or chargeable, by .virtue of any certain re-1* a<ft of parliament now in force, with an higher rate of postage ftri&io^s: than the sum of one penny for the conveyance of each such letter $ such rate of postage of one penny for eac,h fu'h letter to be paid at the time of putting the fame into the post office of the town or place from whence such letter is intended to be sent by the poft: provided neverthelefs, that no letter or letters sent by . by the poft, from any non-commiffioned officer, feaman, or private, employed in his Majesty’s navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery, or marines, shall be exempted from the payment of the rate of postage chargeable upon letters according to the laws now in force, unless there shall be written upon every such letter, in the hand writing of, and signed by the commanding officer for the time being of the (hip or veffiel, or of the corps, regiment, or detachment, to which such non-commif-ffioned officer, feaman, or private, employed in his Majesty’s fervice, shall refpedfively belong, the name of such commanding officer, and of the fhip, veffiel, corps, regiment, or detachment, commanded by him.

VIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That, from and after the passing of this aTr no single letter sent as also letters by the poft, directed to any non-commiffioned officer, feaman, or private, employed in his Majesty’s navy, army, militia, fcnci-ble regiments, artillery, or marines, upon his own private concerns only, whilst such refpediive non-commiffioned officer, feaman, or private, shall be employed on his Majesty’s fervice, and not otherwife, shall be charged or chargeable by virtue of any a<fl of parliament now in force, with an higher rate of postage than the sum of one penny for each such letter; which fum. of one penny shall be paid at the time of the delivery thereof: provided neverthelefs, that no such letter shall be exempted from the rate of postage chargeable upon letters according to the laws now in force, unless every such letter shall be directed to such non-yommiffioned officer, feaman, or private, employed in his Majesty’s fervice, specifying the fhip, vefiel, regiment, troop, corps, company, or detachment, to which he may belong; and provided alfo, that it shall not be lawful for the deputy postmaster Vcl. XL.  O  of

‘ of the town or place to which such letter shall be sent to be delivered, to deliver such letter to any person except to the non-commiffioned officer, feaman, or private, to whom such letter shall be directed, or to any person appointed to receive the fame by the commanding officer of the {hip, veftel, regiment, troop, corps, company, or detachment, to which the non-commiffioned officer, feaman, or private, to whom luch letter shall be directed, {hall belong.

IX.  And whereas, by an aft, passed in the twenty-fixih year of the 16 Geo. z. feign of his late mayfly King George the Second, intituled, An a61 for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent removal of tobacco by land or water, and for the ease of the fair trader tobacco; and for ascertaining the rates payable for the postage of certain letters; and for amending and explaining the laws relating to the sale of spirituous liquors by retail; it was declared and enafted, that, for every single letter or cover, containing one or more paper or papers, with patterns, or containing one or more patter?! or patterns of cloth, fdk, or fluff, or one or more farnple or samples of any other fort of goods, or one or more piece or pieces of any other Jort of thing inclosed therein, or affixed thereto, though not paper, if the fame together did" not weigh an ounce, the rates payable for a double letter Jhould be paid, and, no more : a??d whereas it may be expedient to per-mit patterns of cloth, ftlk, fluff, and other goods, and small samples of other forts of things, to be tranfnitted by the pof at a more easy rate of Packets, not pof age: be it therefore enabled, That, from and after the passing exceeding one 0f this aft, every packet or cover containing therein, or having taining fam- affixed thereto, one or more paper or papers with patterns, or pies, to be  one or more pattern or patterns of cloth, filk, fluff, or other

charged as  goods, or one or more sample or samples of any other fort of

angle letters, thing, not exceeding together one ounce in weight, shall be chargeable and charged with no higher rate of poffage than as a single letter, fo as every such packet or cover shall be sent open at the Tides, and without any letter or writing in, upon, or with such packet or cover, other than the name or names of the person or persons fending the fame, and the place or places of his or their abode, and the prices of the articles contained therein, or affixed thereto.

C A P. LIV.

An aftfor the encouragement of the mackarel_fifhery.—[May 5; 1795.]

Preamble. TI7HERE AS it is expedient that the fish ernes of this kingdom VV Jhould receive every reasonable encouragement from time to time they may be found to require, and which it is in the pozver of parliament to befow: may it please your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by apd with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament af-im orted or fern^e(4 an^ by the authority of the fame, That, from and British fait after the passing of this aft, it fhaJl and may be lawful for 'any

fifli

1795-3 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c, 54.  195

fifh curer in Great Britain to import any quantity of foreign fait, pfed, for cur-or to take any quantity of Britijh fait from any fait works or fait ^ ^or home pits, and to bring, carry, tranfport, and remove coaftwife, the consumption fait fo imported or taken for the purpose of curing mackarel, or as for herringa any cod, ling, hake, or falmon, being taken in the mackarel or pilchards, fifhery, for home confumption, without paying any duty to his Majelty for the fame, except the customs due on the importation thereof, in as full and ample a manner as any curer or curers of fish engaged in the herring or pilchard fishery are enabled to import, take, carry, and transport the fame coaftwife, bv virtue of any a£t or acts of parliament now in force for the purpose of curing herrings or pilchards for home confumption, and under and subject to all the provifions, regulations, reftridtions, forfeitures, and penalties, and with the fame remedies for the recovery thereof, as in the said adts, or in any adt or adls of parliament relating to fait used in the said herring or pilchard fifhery, for curing herrings or pilchards for home confumption, are contained.

II.  And ivbereas by an adl, pajfid in the fifth year of his late majefily King George the Firfl, it is enabled, That for every barrel 5 Geo. r. of herrings, containing thirty-two gallons, exported from any port or c* l8‘ place in Great Britain into parts beyond feas, a bounty of two J.hillings and eight-pence j,hall be paid,: and whereas by an aft.} pajjed in the twenty-fixth year of his present Majejty, it is enadied, That for 26 Geo. 5. every barrel of herrings, 'containing thirty-two gallons^ which shall be c* landed from any boat or roeffiel, and which fa all be afterwards properly halted and curecf there /hall be paid a bounty of one Jhilling: and whereas it is expedient that the jame bounties should be given to the persons engaged in the mackarel fifhery: be it therefore enadfed.

That for every barrel of white mackarel twice packed and com- every bar-pletely cured, and containing thirty-two gallons, which (hall be twice packed exported from any port or place in Great Britain into any parts and cured, and beyond the feas, (except into any part or parts in the Mediter- exported, ex- -rancan, in which cafe no bounty given by this act (hall be payable or paid, any thing herein-after contained to the contrary thereof neaD? aboun-in anywise notwithftanding), a bounty of two shillings and eight- ty to be paid pence shall be paid ; and for every barrel of mackarel which °f as. §d. Sec* shall be landed from any boats or veliels, and which shall afterwards be properly salted and cured, there shall be paid a bounty of one fhilling.

IU.  And be it further enacted, That from and after the paf- Mackarel,&c.

fing of this a cl, it shall and may be lawful'to and for any person JPT he earned

& r  r  ,  .  -  •  /, . trom one port

or persons to carry trom any port or place in the united king-to anothertor

dom of Great Britain to any port or place in the said united home con-

kingdom, any mackarel, or any cod, ling, hake, or falmon, being fumption.

taken in the mackarel fifhery, and cured tor home confumption.

IV.  And be it further enabled, That the proper officer or Officers for officers appointed to pay the bounties given by this adt are here- Pay*no boun-by empowered and directed to retain and keep in their hands the moVey^o^de-following sums until the fame shall amount to the sum of two fray the hundred pounds; that is to fay, For every barrel of mackarel charges of on which the bounty of one {hilling shall be payable, the sum of t^"ls

o 2  sixpence  $

*96  Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55. [1795.

fixpence ; and for every barrel of mackarel on which, the bounty of two (hillings and eight-pence (hall be payable, the sum of one (hilling and fixpence; and to pay over the sums fo retained, for the purpose of defraying the costs and charges attending the obtaining and palling this aft, to Thomas Rajhleigh, the solicitor thereof: provided that such costs and charges do not exceed, in .  the whole, the sum of two hundred pounds,

ot°act/UanCe V, And be it further enafted, That this aft, and all the matters and things contained therein, (hall continue and be in force until the fir ft day of 'June one thousand seven hundred and nine-ty-seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of - parliament.

Publick ad. VI. And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all courts of law as a publick aft; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, juftices, and others whomfoever, without specially pleading the fame.

CAP. LV.

An aft for granting to his Maj efty certain additional duties on receipts, [May 5, 1795.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TX7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the com-VV mens of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, towards railing the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as (hall be adequate to the encreased charge occasioned by any loan to be railed, or flock to be created, by virtue of any aft or acts for that purpose to be pasted in this fefiion of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the further and additional duties herein-after mentioned ; and do most humblybefeech your Majesty that it maybe enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, From July 5, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth 3795> an a<*‘ day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there dutyto be^ be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid, throughout the king-paid of 6d. on dom of Greeat Britain, unto and to the use of his Majesty, his receipts for heirs and fuccefTors, for every piece of vellum or parchment, or jool. and im*d (beet or piece of paper, upon which any receipt, difeharge, or ac-aVurther ad- quittance, given for or upon the payment of money amounting to ditional duty one hundred pounds, and not amounting to five hundred pounds, of is.for5ool. (hall be engrofled, written, or printed, over and above all other and upwards. rates anq duties already imposed thereon, there (hall be charged an additional duty of sixpence ; and where the fame (hall amount to five hundred pounds or upwards, there (hall be charged a further additional duty of one (hilling.

II. Provided

1795-] Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55.  197

II.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Receipts ex-afor'efaid, That all and every the receipts, difcharges, or acquit-

tances, which, by an act, passed in the thirty-firft year of the liable* J reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for repealing the duties now charged on bills of exchange, promt fory notes, and other notes, drafts, and orders, and on receipts; and for granting other * , duties in lieu thereof which are particularly exempted from the duties imposed by the said a<t, shall also be, and are hereby exempted from the duties imposed by this act, as fully and amply as if the said exemptions had been particularly repeated and enacted in this 2<t.

III.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, Duties to be for the more effectual levying, collecting, and paying, the faid

duties herein-before granted, the fame shall be under the govern- p10ners for ment, care, and management, of the commifiioners for the time ftamps. being, appointed to manage the duties charged on ffamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are required and empowered to denote the payment of the said duties by this act impofed, either by using any stamps in their poffef- . fion, heretofore provided to be used in relation to any former duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, or to provide new stamps for that purpose, or to caufe, if they fee occafion, one new (lamp to be provided to denote the former duties, and also the duties granted by this a61, and to renew or alter the fame refpeCtively, from time to time, as they shall fee occafion, and to do all things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, with relation to the said duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning damped vellum, parchment, or paper.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Provifions of all the rules, regulations, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, in hereby ai-the said recited ait contained, in relation to the laid former du- tered, to ties on such receipts, difcharges, and acquittances, for which ceafe. other provisions are expressly made by this act, fhall, from and

after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, cease and determine, and be no longer put in execution, save and except always as to the rules, regulations, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, for the collecting, managing, recovering, and applying, any arrears of the said former duties on receipts, difcharges, or acquittances, which may, on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, remain unpaid, and to any penalty or forfeiture, penalties or forfeitures, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before, or on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, arid the several powers, provifions, and remedies, for recovering the fame reflectively.

V.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The full sum the full and just sum of money for which any receipt, difcharge, tobeexprefled or acquittance shall be given, and the true date thereof, shall be Ij^M^note

o 3  bona  n any n°

198 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55. [1795*

&c. given bona fide refpecHvsly inserted therein ; and that all notes, memo-St ot^mo^* randums, or writings whatever, given to any person or persons ney, to be f°r or upon the payment of money amounting to forty, {hillings liable to duty, or upwards, whereby any sum of money (hall be acknowledged to have been paid, fettled, received, accounted for, balanced, difeharged, releafed, or in any manner fatisfied,' or vyhich shall in any manner signify or denote such acknowledgement as aforesaid, and whether the lame (hall or shall not be signed by or with the name or names of the person or persons by or on whose behalf the fame shall be given, shall be respectively taken and construed to be receipts within the true intent and meaning of this a<5t, and shall be liable to the respective duties imposed thereon, as well by the said recited act as this ad; and (hall be paid and payable by the person or persons by whom, or on whose behalf, such receipts, difcharges, or acquittances, (hall be required, (except such receipts, difcharges, or acquittances, as (hall be at any time or times given upon the payment of money in respect of any (alary or penfion, debt or other fum, payable from his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, in all which cafes the duties (hall be paid by the person or persons giving such receipts, difcharges, or acquittances) ; and which rates and duties, in default of payment there,, of according to the regulations of this ad, (hall and may be charged upon, and levied again (I, the person or persons by whom the fame are hereby made payable, his, her, or their respective executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns.

Receipts, &c. VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to ^duty of every receipt, difeharge, or acquittance, note, memorandum, or '  writing whatever, given to any person or persons for or upon the

payment of money which (hall contain or exprefs, or in any manner signify or denote, any general acknowledgement of any debt, claim, account, or demand, or all or any debts, claims, accounts, or demands being paid, fettled, received, accounted for, balanced, difeharged, releafed, or (atisfied, or whereby any sum of money therein mentioned (hall be acknowledged to be in full or in discharge or satisfaction of all or any such debts, claims, accounts, or demands, or intended fo to be, and whether the fame shall or (hall not be signed by or with the name or names of the person or persons by or on whose behalf the fame shall be given, shall be deemed and taken to be a receipt for the sum of five hundred pounds and upwards within the true intent and meaning of this acf, and (hall be liable to the (lamp duty of two (hillings No receipts, by the said recited adland this a£t imposed thereon ; and no such £:c. available receipt, difeharge, or acquittance, note, memorandum, or writing, more^than  De  pieac*ed ox given in evidence in any court, or admitted

therein ex- \n any court, to be useful or available in law or equity as an ac-prefied, unless knowledgement of any debts, claims, accounts, or demands be-pn a as. (tamp. ]ng paid, fettled, received, accounted for, balanced, difeharged, releafed, or fatisfied, whether generally or otherwife, or for any other or greater sum of money than the sum of money therein ,  exprefied,  unless the fame shall be stamped with the proper (lamp

"  to

1795-1 5-nno regni tricesimo quinto Georg,n IN c. 55.  .  199

to denote the said duty of two (hillings hereby impofed; any thing in such receipt, difcharge, acquittance, note, memorandum, or v/riting, exprefTed notwithftanding.

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Memoran-every note, memorandum, or writing whatever, given to any ^nms> for person or persons for or upon the payment of money which fhall

contain or exprefs, or in any manner signify or denote, any ac- not figned, to -

knowledgement of any part of any debt, claim, account, or de- be deemed

mand, being paid, fettled, received, accounted for, balanced, dif- rece*pts.

charged, releafed, or fatisfied, whether the fame (hall or (hall not

be ligned by or with the name or names of the person or perfons

by or on whole behalf the fame (hall be given, shall be deemed

and taken to be a receipt within the true intent and meaning of

the said recited adl and this act, and (hall be liable to a (lamp duty

in respect of the sum actually paid.

VIII.  And be it further enabled by the .authority aforesaid,

That all and every person or persons who, from and after the said Penalty on

fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, Perf0]ns ^8n-„  „  J  rJ  r  ,  .  ri  7  .  ’  mg, &c. re-

ihall write or lign, or cause to be written or ligned, any receipt, ce}pts un_

difcharge, or acquittance, given for or upon the payment of mo* (tamped, See*

ney liable to any (lamp duty charged by the said recited adl or this

act upon any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, without the

fime being first duly (lamped or marked with a (lamp or mark as

herein is dire6ted,or upon which there (hall be a (lamp or mark

of lower denomination or value than is by the said recited adl and

this act charged in respect thereof, (hall forfeit and pay the fum

of ten pounds, in cafe the sum paid, contained, or exprefTed, in

fuch receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, (hall not amount to the

fum of one hundred pounds ; and the sum of twenty pounds in

cafe such sum (ball amount to one hundred pounds or upwards.

IX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Perfons giving all and every person or persons who (hall give any receipt, a if- [^than adhi charge, or acquittance, or any note, memorandum, or writing, apy p^, ^ acknowledging the payment of money, in which a less sum (hall liable to pe-be exprefTed than the sum actually paid or received, or who shall nalty. separate or divide the sum demanded or actually paid or received

into divers Tunis with intent to evade the said duties or any of them, or fhall, with the like intent, write off any part of any debt, ciaim, or demand, or who (hall be guilty of or concerned in any fraudulent contrivance or device whatever with intent or design to defraud his Majeffy, his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the said duties by the said adt or this act impofed, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered in manner as herein-after is diredled.

X.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Vellum, &c. all vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to any (lamp duty by the ^fore^wriuen said recited adl, or this adl, (hall, before any of the matters or Up0n, &c. things thereby or hereby charged, shall be engroffed, printed, or

written thereupon, be brought to the head office for (lamping or marking vellum, parchment, or paper ; and the laid commissioners by themfelves* or by their officers employed under them, (hall and

o 4  may,

200 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgxi III. c. 53. [1793.

may, from time to time, stamp and mark, according to the directions of the said recited a£t and this aft, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, before any of .the matters or things thereby or hereby charged {hall be engrofled, printed, or 1 written thereupon, upon payment of the several duties payable for the fame by virtue of the said recited aft and this aft; and no receipt, difcharge, acquittance, note, or memorandum, or writing aforesaid, liable to the duties by the said recited add: or this aft irn-pofed, or any of them, lhall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good, ufeful, or available, in law or equity, unless the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such receipt, difcharge, acquittance, note, memorandum, or writing, as' aforesaid, {hall be engrofled, printed, written, or made, (hall be {lamped or marked with a lawful (lamp or mark, to denote the rate or duty as by the said recited aft or this aft is direfted, or some higher rate or duty in the said recited aft or this aft contained ; and it (hall not be lawful for the said commif-fioners, or their officers, to (lamp or mark any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any (lamp or mark directed to be used or provided by virtue of the said recited aft or this aft, at any time after any receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, shall be engrofled, written, or printed thereon, under any pretence whatever, except as herein is otherwise provided ; any thing in the said recited aft or this aft contained, or any law or statute to the contrary thereof notwnhftanding.

XL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Receipts, &c. aforesaid, That if any receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, given not  upon the payment of money, and written on vellum, parchment,

^withiifthe" or PaPer> not stamped as by the said recited aft and this aft is times herein direfted, shall be brought to the said commiflioners, or their officers employed by them for that purpose to be (lamped according to the directions of the said recited aft and of this aft, within the space of fousteen days after such receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, shall be given, or {ball bear date, the fame (hall and may be permitted to be {lamped, on payment of the sum of five pounds, over and above the duty payable for the fame by virtue of the said recited aft and this aft ; and if any such receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, shall be brought to be stamped as aforesaid, after the expiration of such fourteen days, and within one calendar month after such receipt, difcharge, or acquittance shall be given, or shall bear date, the fame shall and may be permitted to be flamped, on payment of the sum of ten pounds, over and above the duty payable for the fame, by virtue of the said recited aft and this aft, and the proper officer or officers are hereby enjoined and required, upon such receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, being brought to them, within the respective times herein-before limited, and upon payment of the duty imposed thereon by the said recited aft or this act, and the respective sums aforesaid, but not otherwife, to mark or stamp such receipt, difcharge, or acquittance, with the proper mark or stamp by the said recited aft and this aft required for the fame.

’  XII. And

prefcribed; upon payment of the sums herein mentioned.

1795-1 Anno regm tricesimo quinto Georgii HI. c. 55.'  201

XU. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That How penalties one moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby im- afe be di-pofed, shall (if sued for within the fpaceof three calendar months Covered* from the time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of fuit, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the fame within the time aforefaid; and which shall and may be sued for in any of his Majesty’s courts at Weft-rninfter, for offences committed in England, and in the court of great feffions, for offences committed in Wales, and in his Majesty’s court of exchequer at Edinburgh, for offences committed in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Juftices may justice of the peace, residing near the place where the offence determine of-fhall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this ab\ which fubjebts the offender to any pecuniary penalty; which parties tope-faid justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon cuniarype-any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, nahies. within three calendar months after the offence committed, to summon the party accused ; and also the witnesses on either fide, and to examine into the matter ofYabt, and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnels or witneffes, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture as in and by this abt is direbled, to be divided, one moiety thereof to his Ma-jefty, his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the informer or informers ; and to award and issue out his warrant under his hand and feal, for the levying the said penalty fo adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to caule sale to be made thereof in cafe they shall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any); and where the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prifon, there to remain for the space of three calendar months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied ; and if any person or persons shall find ^e.r^)I\s a£* himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such fp^peal tothe juftice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving security to quarter feU the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together lions, with such costs as shall be awarded in cafe such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general or quarter fefiions for the county, riding, or place, which shall happen after fourteen days next after such conviffiori shall have been made, and of which appeal reasonable notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame ; and in cafe the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons appealing, to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XIV.  Pro-

202 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55. [1795.

Penalties may XIV. Provided neverthelefs, That it shall and may be lawful be mitigated. 10 and for the faidjuftice, where he shall fee caufe, to mitigate and lefien any such penalties as he (ball think fit, (reafonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the difcoveryas in prosecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above such mitigation), and fo as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the Paid costs and charges; any thing contained in this aft, or any other aft of parliament to the contrary not-withflanding.

Witneflts rot XV. And be it further enafted, That if any person or persons forfeit 40s*  fummonedas  a  witness  or  witneffes,  to give evidence be-

' fore such juftice, touching any of the matters relative to this aft, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, his or her reasonable excuse for such neglect or refusal to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath or affirmation, and give evidence before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty {hillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as is herein directed as to other penalties.

Penalties not XVI. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That in de-profeeuifcd for fau]{- Gf prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no such

ifnin  li.  *  _  _  _  ,  1  J  .

penalty or forfeiture mall be afterwards recoverable, except m the name of his Majesty’s attorney general in England, or advocate in Scotland,, by information in the respective courts of exchequer in England and Scotland, in which cafe the whole of such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and luccefTors; and,that all penalties and forfeitures, and shares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of his Majesty’s {tamp duties for the time being; and that in all cafes where the whole of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures shall be recovered to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, it shall be lawful for the laid commissioners to cause such reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalties or forfeitures fo recovered, after dedufting all charges and ex-pences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any person or persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as informers, in respect of such penalties or forfeitures fo recovered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XVII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Perfons court- That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any stamp or mark, directed or allowed guiTtyof ie- to  or  provided,  made  or  used  in  pursuance  of  the  Paid  re-

cited aft or this aft for the purpose of denoting any of the duties by the said recited aft or this aft granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the fame upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with intention to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-

ceffors,

vithin the limited time, recoverable only as is herein mentioned.

lony.

203

1795 1 ^nn0 regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55.

ceffors, of any of thefaid duties, or (hall utter, vend, fell, or ex-pofe to fale, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to the said duties, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or (hall privately or fraudulently use any stamp or mark, directed or allowed to be used by the fame recited a£t or this a£f, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the said duties, every person fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convidfed, shall be adjudged a felon, and (hall suffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

XVIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all powers, provifions, articles, claufes, allowances on pre- All powers sent payment of the duties, and all other matters and things pre-

fcribed or appointed by any former adt or adds of parliament re- toextend to lating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (and this adt. not hereby altered), shall be of full force and effect, with relation to the duties hereby impofed, and (hall be applied and putin execution for the raifing, levying, colledting, and fecuring, the said duties hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this add, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had severally and refpeddively been hereby re-enadfed with relation to the said duties hereby impofed.

XIX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That all the said duties herein-before granted shall be paid from Duties to be time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time paid to the being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, neral^f ffamo who shall pay the fame (the neceft’ary charges of raising and ac- duties, and by counting for the fame being deducted) into his Majesty5 s receipt him paid into of exchequer, at Weftminfter, at such time and in such manner as exche-other duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are ai- cfuer-redled to be paid; and shall be carried to, and made part of, the consolidated fund.

XX.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the Dunes to be

monies arifing, or to arife, of the said rates or duties, or fo much to ^revenue thereof as (hall be fufficient, shall be deemed an addition made for defraying to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge the increased occasioned by any loan made, or stock to be created, by virtue of charge of any any adt or adfs to be pasted in this feilion of parliament; and that  £QIS

the said monies fhall, during the space of ten years next enfuing, 3

be paid into the said receipt distinctly and apart from all other branches of thepublick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, fhall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, on any account whatever.

CAP,

204 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 56. [1795.

CAP. LVI.

An aft to continue and amend an aft, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his present Majejly, intituled, An adt for the more effectual encouragement of the Britijh fijheries.—[May 5,

1795-]

3,7 Geo. 3. c. 10. recited,

Preamble.  7 HERE AS an aft ivas passed in the twenty-fixth year of his

36 Geo. 3. c. V v present Majefiy's reign, intituled, An adt for the more 81. and cffedfual encouragement of the Britifn fisheries ; which aft was to continue in force from the firjl day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-feven^ for the face and term offeven years, andfrom thence to the end of the then next fejjion of parliament: and whereas an aft zuas faffed in the twenty-feventh year of his present Majefiy's reign, to ext end the provifons of the said aft : and whereas it is expedient that the said firjl -mentioned aft, together with the alterations and amendments made in the fame by the lajl-mentioned aft, fnould be continued for a limited time, with amendments therein: be it enacted by the King’s nioft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the and continued fame, That the said act, palled in the twenty-fixth year of-his for z years. present Majesty’s reign, together with the alterations and amendments made therein by the said act passed in the twenty- seventh year of his present Majesty’s reign, shall be and continue in force bom and after the fir ft day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for the space and term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next lellion of parliament.

Veflels clear- II. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That any buss ing out be- or vessel which shall clear out of some port in Great Britain for and^ov'fi&ery, between the first day of June and the twentieth entitled 10 * day of November in one and the fame year, and shall proceed bounties. immediately upon the said fifhery, shall entitle the owner or owners thereof to the bounties granted by the said adts, or either of them, in the fame manner as if such buss or vessel had cleared out of some port in Great Britain between the first day of June and the first day of Oftober in one and the fame year ; any thing in the said acts, or either of them, to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.  And be it further enadted. That for all herrings which

entitled to acs.  be ]anded from any boat or vessel not entitled to the bounty

" is1 per’barrefi  twenty {hillings per ton, but entitled to the bounty of one

* shilling per barrel^ granted by the said act passed in the twenty-fixth year of his present Majesty’s reign, and which shall afterwards be properly salted and cured, there shall be paid a bounty of one shilling per barrel, in addition to the bounty of one shilling per barrel, granted by the said ad!, for such herrings.

IV.  And ivhereas doubts have arisen whether herrings which shall have been landed at the fifing places upon the coajls of Great Britain, andfprinkled ivithfalt, to be afterwards carried coastwise in bulk to the

refidence

Herrings not

afterwards cured, to be paid is. per barrel more.

T795*l ^nn0 l'cgm tncefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 56/ zc$

refidence of the curers, were not fubjebl to forfeiture ; to remove which

doubts, and for the greater encouragement of the British fifhery, be it

hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the curers of Herrings, See.

herrings, residing in any part of  Britain,  fhali and may, Jprinkled 'Vth

during the time of each and. every season of the Britijh fifhery, ing^may^be

carty coaflwife in bulk, free of any duty whatever, herrings, or carried coaft-

cod, ling, hake, and falmon, actually taken in the herring fifhery, wife in bulk

that fhali have been landed and deposited in any warehouse or ^ree °* ^ut)r*

ftore under the care and inspection of the fait officers at any

place of fishery upon the Britijh coafls, and there sprinkled with

fait taken out of any warehouse under the revenue locks, for the

ufes of the Britijh fifhery, which fait, fhali have been depofited,

during the time of the fifhery, in any score or warehouse for the

purpofe only of sprinkling such herrings, or other fish fo taken,

to preserve them until the fame fhali be afterwards carried coaft>

wife to that part of Great Britain where such herrings or other

Jfifh are to be entirely cured, or otherwise disposed of: provided

always, That it fhali be exprefted in the cocquet, tranfire, or other Cocquet to

coaft dispatch to accompany the (aid herrings and other fifh, that

no bounty whatever has been paid or claimed upon the said her- p,een pa^ oll

rings and other fish at any time previous to the (hipping of the such fifh.

fame to be carried coaftwife; and that the said herrings and other

fifh fhali be fubjeft: to all the reflriftions, regulations, penalties,

and forfeitures, now in force under this, or any other aft or afts

for the security of the duties on fait.

V.  And whereas by an aid pajfed. in Scotland i?i the thirdfeffion of the first parliament of her late majesty fjgieen Anne, intituled', An Aft in Scot-^ aft for advancing and establishing the hilling trade in and about  'ift *ar~

this kingdom, it is among other things enabled. That it fall be lament lawful to the Jheriffs, baillies of regalities, and m a gif rates of burghs? Queen Anne, or any having commijfton from them, not only to vijit on all occafons recited, the curing and packing of herring or vahite fish in their r efts olive bounds, and aljo to pitch on any barrel after it is made up and marked, and cause break open the fame, and raise the herrings, if they think fit, from the very bottom ; and in cafe ihty be not cured or packed as in the said aid is ordained, or that they be broken, briefed, ([lit, or not gutted herring or fish among them, the said jheriffs, bailiies, mo gif trates, or others comrnijfioned by them, after the fame is clearly proven by experienced and famous witneffes, are thereby ordained to [scare the whole cafes where the said infifficieni herring or white ffh fall be found, and the terfons to whom they belong shall pay for each Lifl one hundred marks Scots, the half to be given to the df over or and the reft to the poor of the parif, and proportionally for j mailer quantities of such inefficient herring or white fijb, and the said infujjicient herring or fijh fhali be discharged to be exported at any time thereafter ; be it enafted, That fo much of the laid in part recited aft as anc* 3*n Part relates to the feeuring of calks of herrings for or inrefpeft of any ,cPea*eu-ungutted herrings being found therein, and to any fine or penalty to be paid by the person or persons to whom any calks of herrings fhali belong in respect of any ungutted herrings being found

therein.

206

Arreflments to fpecity the names of vel-fels when

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgix III. c. 56. [179^..

therein, and to the discharging of the exportation of any casks of herrings for or in respect of any ungutted herrings being found therein, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

VI. And whereas it frequently happens that arrefhnents are used in the hands of the commissioners of the cujloms in Scotland, or their receiver general, for the purpose of attaching the bounty that may be due to proprietors of vejfels employed in the said fijhery, but in which no specification is made of the name of the vejfel whereof the bounty is meant to be attached, whereby much inconvenience and embarrajfmeni often arife, there being many per fons of the fame name proprietors of different vejfels, which renders it difficult and uncertain with precifton vehat particular bounty is intended to be attached, whereby payments have fometi?nes been made notwithjlanding such attachments, at other times delays have been occasioned in payment of bounties not intended to be attached, all which might be remedied if in the arreflments the name of the particular vejfel was fpecifcd; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in all arreflments to be used in the hands of the said commissioners or receiver general, for the

purpofe of attaching bounties due to <

of

any

of the faid

bounties areto vessels fitted out for the said herring fifhery, the schedule and be attached by execution of the arreflment (hall specify the name of the parti-commifiiontTs Cu|ar vefTel or vessels whereof the person againff whom the Scotland?5 m arreftment is used may be owner, and of which his share of the bounty is meant to be attached, otherwise such arreflments shall be null and void.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, if during the continuance of this act, any perfon, being a Provinces subject or inhabitant of the United Provinces, who has been em-employed in ployed in carrying on the herring, cod, ling, haddock,, or other the herring white fifheries, or the fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas fifhery, &c. or and

Strcights, or the turbot fifhery, or in building veffels,

•in Kn 11n 1 no-  . . , ° - . . . J . , *-> .

or jn cutting whalebone, or in making nets or barrels, or m preparing fait for the said fifheries, shall come into this kingdom with intent to refde herein, and shall go before some justice of the peace, sheriff depute or fubflitute, or principal magistrate of some city or town of this kingdom, or before the principal officer of his Majesty’s customs in some port of this kingdom, and shall fish duty free, take the oath of allegiance to his Majefly, and shall obtain a cer-export them, tificate Qf h is having taken such oath, which oath and certificate bounties! car- stich justice of the peace, sheriff depute or fubflitute, magiflrate,

in building veffels, See. -coming to re-fide in this kingdom, may, on certain conditions, import

ry on their grades, Scc.

and officer refpedlively, are hereby authorised and required to administer and give, on payment of no greater fee than two {hillings ; and if such person shall produce or transmit such certificate to the commissioners of his Majesty’s customs in England cr Scotland respectively, and shall make it appear to the fatisfac-tion of such commiffioners, by oath or examination before them, or before per fons duly authorised by them for that purpose, that he is a subject or inhabitant of the said United Provinces, and had been employed in some one or other of the said fifheries, or in building veffels, or in making nets or barrels, or in preparing

fait

207

1795*3 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c.

fait for the said fifheries, and that he hath come into this kingdom with intent to reside herein, and to carry on some one or other of the said fifheries, trades, or employments, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners of his Majesty’s cuf-toms in England, or any four or more of them, or for the said commissioners of his Majelly’s customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, to grant to such person a certificate thereof; and such person shall be forthwith entitled to enter for importation, duty free, and afterwards to re-export any cargo of fifh, or the produce thereof, caught in any of the said fifheries, which he may/then have brought into the ports of this kingdom, and shall from thenceforth be authorised to carry on from the said ports, the said fifheries, or any of them, or to exercise in any place therein any of the said trades or employments, and to import and export such fish or oil, or other produce thereof, into or from any ports of this kingdom, in the fame manner, and with all the fame advantages, as any Brittfh fubjedl, and be entitled to all such bounties, premiums, and emoluments, as are granted by either or both of the a£fs continued by this present aand to no other, subject neverthelefs, in the cafe of claiming such bounties, to the fame rules, regulations, reftridtions, penalties, and forfeitures; and such person shall thereupon be entitled to become the master or mariner of any Briiifb ship or vefi'el, employed in carrying on any of the said fifheries.

VIII.  And be it further enabled, That if any such person or Such perfons,

perfons who shall have qualified, or shall qualify himself or them-

felves in manner before diVedled, being the owner in whole or part of vefiels,

in part of any ship or vefiel heretofore employed in some one or and bringing

other of the laid fifheries, has brought or shall bring any such them into this

veffel into any of the ports of this kingdom, and shall prove, in kingdom,

.  /.  0 , ?  n  '  A  .  ?  may, by order

the manner directed tn an act, palled in the twenty-lixth year 0f tjje prjVy-

of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the further in ere aft council, have

and encouragement of /hipping and navigation, having taken the oath them regifter-

hereunto annexed, instead of the oath required by the said adl, tftlecHo^he11*

that he or they is or are the foie owner or owners, or that he or privileges of

they, and some other person or perfons, being fubjedis or in- Britifli-built

habitants of the said United Provinces, who shall have come to this vefiels.

kingdom, and have proved the fame in manner before diredled,

or some Britifn subject or fubjedis, are the foie owner or owners

of such ship or veffel, it shall 2nd may be lawful for his Majeffy,

by and with the advice of his privy council, to order such ship or

veffel fo owned to be regiftered, and to have a certificate thereof,

and such ship or vessel shall by virtue thereof become entitled to the

privileges of a Britifli-built ship or vefi'el, under the regulations

and reftridiions herein-after mentioned.

IX.  And be it further enacted. That during such time as the VVhilethe

r r , n ■  «r  i  /i  ii ^  i r* owners refide

owner or owners or such ship or vefiel shall continue to be reu- -n tpe dent within this kingdom, it shall be lawful for such ship or vessel dom fu-chvef-to carry on any cf the said fifheries, and to import and export into l<ds may inland from this kingdom, and to carry to the port of any country in Europe, the fish caught in any such fifheries, and the oil and ether pgr tthemT

produce

208

and import in return such articles as Britifh-built Hups, if properly manned.

Perfons fo qualified may purchase estates not exceeding ioo acres,

and may bring into the kingdom fhips,

&c. duty-free

Such owners to take the following

eath.

Anno regni tricesimo qumto Georgii III. c. 56. [1795.

produce thereof, and such ship or vessel shall be entitled to the like advantages as any Britijh-built fhipor veflelemployed in any of the said filheries, and to all such bounties, premiums, and emoluments, as are granted by either or both of the afts continued by this aft, and to no other, subject neverthelefs, in cafe of claiming such bounties, to the fame duties, rules, regulations, redactions, penalties, and forfeitures; and every such ship or,veflel may import from any such foreign European port, in return for such fiih, oil, or produce, any articles which any Britifh-bwWt ship may by law import from thence, subject nevertheless to the fame duties, rules, regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, as any i?n7/yft-bui]tfliip employed m the like trade : provided always, that every such ship or vessel employed in the manner before mentioned, (hall be manned, with the number re* quired by law, either of Britijh feamen, or of subjects or inhabitants of the laid United Provinces, who have come to and continue to reside within this kingdom, and have qualified themselves in manner before direfted.

X.  And be it further enafted, That any person fo qualified as aforesaid (hall be entitled to purchase or take by defcent, and hold any estate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (not exceeding one hundred acres), in the fame manner as any natural-born subject of this kingdom may now do.

XI.  And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such person qualified in manner before mentioned, to import and bring into this kingdom all such fhips, tackle, and furniture, and all nets and other articles employed in such fisheries, and also all household goods and wearing apparel, without payment of any duty whatfoever, provided it (hall be made to appear, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the custom in England and Scotlandrefpeftively, thatfuch articles respectively are not imported by way of merchandize.

XII.  And fee it further enafted, That the oath before directed to be taken by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of any such ship or veflel, shall be in the form and manner following, as far as the fame is applicable to each or either of them :

T A. B. of (place of residence and occupation) do make oath that ^ the ship or vejfcl (name) of (port or place) zvhereof (mailer's name) is at present mafler, being (kind of built, burthen, &c. as described in the certificate of the surveying officer) was (when and where built, and when and where it came into this kingdom); and that I the said A. B. and (the other owners names, and occupations, if any, and where they respectively refide, viz. town, place, or parish and county, or if member of and resident in any factory in foreign parts, or in any foreign town or city, being an agent for or partner in any house or copartner fhip, actually carrying on trade in Great Britain Or Ireland, the name of such faftory, foreign town, ur city, and the names of such house or copartner-ftiip) am (or are) foie owner (or owners) of the said vejfel^ and that u  n9

20p

1795.] Anno regrii tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 57.

no other person or persons whatever, hath or have any rights title, ztf-terejfjharc^ or property, therein or thereto; (if a Britifti fubjedt) that I the faicl A. B. (and the said other owners, if any) (or are) truly and bona fide a subject (or fubjeftsf of Great Britain, that Ithejaid A. B. have not (nor have any of the other owners* to the befi: of my knowledge and belief) taken the oath of allegiance to any foreign fate zvhatever, (except under the terms of some capitulation, describing the particulars thereof) ; or that^fmce my taking (or his or their taking) the oath of allegiance to (naming the foreign (fates refpe£iively to which he or any of the said owners fhali have taken the fame), and prior to the pafing of an aft, of the tiventy-fixth year of the reign of King George the Third,, intituled^ An aft for the further increase and encouragement of (hipping and navigation, I have (or he or they hath or have) become a subject (or fibjefts) of Great Britain, (either by his Majesty’s letters patent, as a denizen (or denizens) or naturalized by aft of parliament, as the cafe maybe, naming the dates of the letters of denization, or the a61 or afts of parliament for naturalization re-fpeftively) ; or (as the cafe may be) I have (or he or they hath or have) become a denizen (or denizens, or naturalized subject or fub-jefts, as the cafe may be) of Great Britain, by his Majefy s letters patent, or by an aft of parliament passed fmcethe firs day of January* onethoufancl seven hundred and eighty fix, (naming the times when such letters of denization have been granted refpeflively, or the year or years in which such aft or a<5ls of naturalization have passed refpeftively), or (if not a Britijh fubjeft) that I A. B. and the other owners, if any, being a subject or subject s, inhabitant or inhabitants., of the United Provinces, or having been an inhabitant or inhabitants thereof and now refulent in this kingdom, (defcribing the particulars thereof as to place and date), have (or he or they hath or have) taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance to his majefy the King of Great Britain, (defcribing the times when, the place where, and before whom taken), and that no foreigner, not having complied with the conditions above mentioned, directly or indireftly, hath any fare, or part, or inter eft, in thefaid flip or veJfeL

C A P. LVII.

An aft to indemnify governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the W'efi; India ijlands, who have permitted the i?npor-tation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

[May 5, 1795 ]

WHEREAS by an aft^ passed in the twelfth year of the reign Preamble* of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled,, An aft iz Car. 2. for the encouraging and encreasing of (hipping and navigation ; c* and by other afts of parliament noiv in force, no goods or commodities whatsoever can be imported into, or exported out of any lands, ifandsy plantations, or territories, to his Majefy belonging^ or in his poffeffony or zvhich may hereafter belong unto or be in the pofiffton of his Majefy , his heirs and fuccefforsy in Afia, Africa, or America, in any other ftp or flips y vessel or vessels whatfoeva\ but in such (hips or Vol. XL,  P  '  veffels

Governors, See. of Weft India islands having permitted the importation and exportation of certain articles in foreign bottoms.

veffels as do truly and tuithout fraud belong only to the people of Great Britain, or of any of the territories thereof in the manner, and under the penalties, and jubjedl to the exceptions and regulations in the said a5is respectively contained: but whereas notwithfanding the said alls, certain of his Majefy7 s governors or lieutenant governors of the ifands in the Weft Indies, or persons afling as such, have found themselves under the neceftty of openings with the advice of their refpeflive councils, the ports of the said if ands for a limited time, for the importation of certain articles of provisions and lumber, for the supply of the said ifands, in foreign bottoms, and in like manner for the exportation of certain articles the produce of thefaid ifands in return for the fame : and whereas the sand 0/* Tobago and certain parts of the if and of Saint Domingo have been Jurrendered to his Majefy, and are noiv in his Majefy s pojj'effion, at the time of which surrender it was fipulated and agreed that the importation of provifions, cattle, grain, and ivood, of various kinds, from the unitedfates of America, and from other parts ^America and the Weft Indies, and the exportation of certain articles therein enmnerated, being the produce of the said ifands,foould be allowed for a limited time in the foreign bottoms and vessels therein deferibed: and whereas such importation and exportation as aforesaid are contrary to the said alyls of parliamenty but being permitted either from the necejfty of the occafmi, or by virtue of the articles of capitulation, in consequence of which the said sand tf/'Tobago and certain parts of the said sand of Saint Domingo were fo surrendered to his Majefy, and put into his Majefy7s pojfef-fion, the fame ought to be jufified by an a5l of parliament; and all persons iffuing, advfng, or a51 ing under or in obedience to any order or permijfion of any of the said governors or lieutenant governors of the said fancls, or persons ailing as fuch, and all persons concerned in any importation or exportation as aforesaid, Jhould be respectively jufified: be it therefore enabled by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That all personal actions and fuits, indictments, informations, and all prosecutions and proceedings whatfoever, which have~been or fnall be hereafter <&rc. to be dif- prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons for hav-c ai^e '  ing.iflued or advised any such order or permiflion, at any time

after the seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and before the pasting of this a61, or for any a£t done by reason of any such order or permiflion, or relating to any such exportation or importation in consequence of such order or permiflion, be, are, and shall be, discharged and made void by virtue of this a6t; and that if any aCtion or fuit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons for or by reason of any such act, matter, or thing, fo advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, he, the, or they, may plead the general iffue, and give this a6t and the special matter General iftue in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any action or fuit ed^andPro^ecuted or commenced in that part of Great Britain plaintiff be- called England^, or ih the said Weft India iflands, shall become

nonfuit

311 suits for issuing such permiffion,



1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo qumto Georgii Ilf. c. 58,

nonfuit or forbear farther profecution, or suffer difcontinuance, come nonfuit, or if a verdict pass against such plaintiff* or plaintiffs, the ^e"  mre-

fendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their, double cover double cofts, for which he, fhe, or they, shall have the like remedy, as in cofts. cafes where the costs by lav/ are given to the defendants; and if any such action or fuit as aforesaid shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before which such action or fuit shall be commenced or profecuted, shall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow him his double costs of fuit in all such cafes as aforefaid.

II. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Defendants in if any action or fuit hath been already commenced against any adHons al-perfon or persons for any such adt, matter, or thing, fo advifed, menced°m]v commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, it shall apply to the and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders in such action court to flop or fuit refpedtively, in whatever court in Great Britain and in the proceedings, said Weft India islands such action or fuit shall have been commenced, to apply to such court or courts refpedtively, to stay all proceedings therein refpedtively, by motion in a.fummary way, and such court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpose accordingly; and the court or courts making such order (hall allow and award to the defendants or defenders re-fpedtivelv double costs of fuit, for which they shall respectively have the like remedy, as in cafes where the costs are by law given to defendants or defenders.

CAP. LVIII.

An aft for requiring all boats, barges, and other vejjels, of certain . deferiptions, used on navigable rivers, and on inland navigations, in Great Britain, to be regifered,'—[May 5, 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to afeerfain the quantity of vef- Preamble.

fels employed in the inland trade and navigation of Great Britain, and the number of men retained in navigating the fame; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice andcontent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other From June 15, veffel, exceeding the burthen of thirteen tons, which, from ^795j and after the fifteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred ^ tons and ninety-five, shall be worked, rowed, or navigated, in or upon used on navi-any river, canal, or other inland water or navigation in Great gable rivers, Britain, shall be registered in manner herein-after mentioned ; ar*d inland and that the person or persons claiming the property - therein to be rtegif-> fliall, on or before the said fifteenth day of June one thousand tered. seven hundred and ninety-five, caitfe the fame to be regiftered, and shall obtain a certificate of such reghlry from the clerk of

p 2  the

the peace, town clerk, fherifF depute, or stewart clerk, of the

county, riding, (hire, ftewartry, divifion, or place, to which such

lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vessel {hall belong, in the

manner herein-after dire<fted, or from their refpecftive deputies ;

and that every such register and certificate respectively shall truly

fet forth, whether the vessel fo to be registered be a lighter, barge,

boat, wherry, or what other veflel, and also the name or names,

with the place or places of abode of the master or person having

the charge or command thereof, together with the number and

capacities of all and every person and persons refpedfively then

and usually employed in working the fame, and also the burthen

thereof, and alfo, to the best of his or their belief, {hall give a

juft account of the line and extent of the navigation in which

Certificate of such vessel hath been usually navigated, and where situated ; and

regiftry to be tjiat the form Qf such certificate {hall be as follows : viz* m the follow-  9

ing form.

c TN pursuance of an a tft, passed in the thirty-fifth year of the

*  JL reign of King George the Third, intituled. An aft [here fet

*  forth the title of the aft]  having this day declared

4 to me  clerk  of  the peace for the , of

c  that  is  at present master of the

c and that the said  admeafures  tons, and

€ no more  and  is  at  present  worked by the number of

4 perfons, in the several capacities under-mentioned; viz•

Number of men employed on board the  Capacity on board. |

c And that the line and extent of the navigation in which the c said  has  been  usually  navigated  is from

* to  extending  miles, or thereabouts;

6 I do hereby certify, that the said  is duly regiftered

c at my office, and described under the particulars herein fet c forth. Given under my hand at  this

c day of  in  the  year  of  our  Lord

c Signed A* B*9

Fee for regif- por which registry and certificate fo granted, every such clerk of ficate] Cei * £^e Peace> town clerk, sheriff depute, or stewart clerk, {hall be

entitled

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 58.  213

entitled to demand and receive from the person making such re-gifter, and granting such certificate, the fee of two shillings and iixpence, and no more. '

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That every particular herein-before required to be inserted in the Particulars of regifier to be entered under this act, and certificate to be granted r^g^ry tobe thereupon, {hall be verified on the oath or affirmation of the ^ ^ matter or other person having the charge or command of such matter if re-vefifel previous to the regittry thereof, (if the fame shall be re- quired, &c. quired by any person or persons appointed, as herein-after is mentioned, by the commifiioners for the time being for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or any three or more of them, (which oath may be administered by the chief magistrate of any city, borough, or town corporate, or by any justice of the peace residing near the place of such regittry), and for the administering of which oath or affirmation the fum.of one fhilling, and no more, shall be paid.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Admiralty to the faid. commifiioners of the admiralty may, and they are hereby ^e^or^of Vef authorised to appoint, by warrant or commifiion under their hands, feis°lS ° VC in every county, riding, fhire, ftewartry, divifion, or plaice, in

Great Britain, (when and wherever they shall fee occafion), one or more person or persons to furvey, examine, and admeafure, all such vessels as aforesaid, as shall be kept or worked in or upon any such river, canal, or other inland water or navigation, as aforesaid ; and that, on the produiftion of any such warrant or Matters to commifiion, the matter, or other person having the charge or produce certi-command of any such vettel, which shall be kept or worked ^^to^fur* in or upon any such river, canal, or other inland water or navi- veyors, who gation, and which shall have been regiftered, and shall have may admea-procured a certificate of the registry thereof, fhall, upon demand, fare veffels, produce such certificate of regittry to such officer or officers ^c: anc* and such officer or officers respectively (taking to his or their  ac_c

affiftance, if he or they shall judge it necettary, one or more per- counts of par-foil or persons {killed in the building and admeasurement of such ticulars of rc-veffels) shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby autho-rifed to go on board every vettel kept, worked, or rowed, as aforesaid, (whether such vettel shall have been regittered under this a6t or not), and accurately examine and admeafure the fame, as to all and every particular contained, or diredfed to be inserted in the regitter or certificate herein-before required, in the presence of the matter, or of such other person as shall have the charge of such vettel, and shall fet down in writing a just account of all such particulars as are specified or required by this a£i to be specified in the regitter, or certificate of regittry above-mentioned, and shall require the matter, or other person aforesaid, to sign his name to the account of such farveying officer or officers ; and such matter, or other person aforesaid, shall sign his name to Matters dif-fuch account accordingly, unless he shall distent from the parti- fentmg, to fet culars fet forth and deferibed therein, in which cafe such matter ^afons^at^the or other person fhall, and he is hereby required to fet down in foot of inch

p 3

Penalty on persons neglecting to re-gifter veflels, delivering false defcvip-tions,.ob-ftruCting fur

leCting to grant certificates*

Anno regni tricesimo quintoGEORGii III. c. 58. [1795.

writing his re a Tons for such difient at the foot of such account, and sign the fame accordingly

IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons herein required to cause any such vefFel to be registered shall neglect or refuse to register the fame, and demand a certificate thereof, within the time herein limited for that purpose; or shall wilfully deliver to any person or persons hereby authorised to make such registry as aforesaid, a false description of any of the particulars hereby required to be contained in such regifter, and certificate thereof; or shall wil-failure "i  0bftrudl  any  surveying officer or officers, or any person or

fters,?granting persons acting in his or their aid or affiftance, in furveying, exa-falfe certifi- mining, or admeafuring, any such vefiel, or in going on board, cates, or neg- or being on board the fame for that purpose, or shall afiault such surveying officer or officers, or any person acting in the aid or assistance of such surveying officer or officers, in the execution of this adf; or if any person or persons herein-before authorised to make such regiftry, and grant such certificates of regiftry, or-to Purvey, examine, or admeafure any such vefiel, and to take an account thereof, shall knowingly make any false regifter, or grant any false certificate, or make out any false account in regard to any of the particulars required by this act, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to grant a certificate, (the fame being demanded according to the diredlions of this adt), he or they, on being con-vidted thereof in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weft-minjier, courts of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery in England, or courts of great sessions in Wales, or in the court of justiciary or the court of exchequer in Scotland, shall respectively forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

V.  And be it further enadkd by the authority aforesaid, That wnhootregb any fighter, barge, boat, or other vefiel, exceeding the burthen and the matter thirteen tons, as aforesaid, shall be worked, rowed, or navigated, liable to pe- in or upon any river, canal, or other inland water or navigation,

at any time after the said fifteenth day of 'June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, during the continuance of this adt, without being duly regificered, and certificate thereof duly obtained, according to the directions of this adl, every such lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vefiel shall be forfeited and loft, and shall and may be seized by any such surveying officer or officers appointed under the authority of this adt; and the mafter, or other person having or taking the charge or command thereof fhall, for every day on which such fighter, barge, boat, or other vefifel, shall be worked, rowed, or navigated, as aforesaid, contrary to this act, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

VI.  And be it further enadted, That every owner or master of any lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vefiel, passing upon any such river, canal, or inland water or navigation, shall cause the true number of tons burthen thereof, and also the name or names of the owner or owners thereof, and the place to which such vefiel shall belong, to be painted in large white capital figures on a black ground, four inches in length at the leaft, and

of

Veffils ufed

nalty.

Burthen, names of the owners, &c. to be painted on veflels, on penalty.

T795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. cv  &15

of a proportional breadth on the outside of the Hern of every such lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vefiel, higher than the place to which the fame shall fink into the water when fully laden, and to continue the fame thereupon in adiftindf and legible manner, fo long as such vefiel shall be used as aforesaid 3 and every owner, mailer, or other person having the care or command of any lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vefiel, or who (hall navigate the fame upon any such river, canal, or other inland water or navigation, without having such figures thereon as here-in-before directed, or who shall wilfully alter, erafe, deface, or deftroy, such figures, or any part thereof, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds.

VII.  And be it further ena6ted by the authority aforesaid,

That as to every lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other, vefiel, worked

which (hall begin to be kept or worked at any time after the said after June 15,

fifteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be regifter-

and during the continuance of this a<5l, in or upon any such river, ed,

canal, or other inland, water or navigation, the fame shall be duly

regiflered, and certificate thereof duly obtained, in the manner

herein-before directed; and shall be surveyed and admeafured,

and the burthen thereof afcertained, and duly marked, according

to the directions of this a61, before the fame shall be fo worked,

or rowed or navigated thereon, under pain of forfeiting the re-

fpefilive penalties and forfeitures herein-before mentioned, with

refpedl to the like vessels fo worked, rowed, or navigated, on or

before the said fifteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred

and ninety-five.

VIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, .

That every person herein-before required and authorised to make Regifiersfobe and enter regifters, and grant certificates, shall cause every such register to be duly entered in a book to be provided for that Aug* 1/° 79?^ purpose, in the order in which the fame (hall be made 3 and fhall, an extra# of on or before the fifteenth day of AuguJl one thousand seven hun- them to be dred and ninety-five, make out and transmit to the commifiioners of the admiralty aforesaid, signed by him, and in his name, a inethe follow-true and faithful extrafif of all such regifters, diftinguifhing, by fog form, the refpeCtive titles of such extradls, the particular rivers, canals, or other inland waters or navigations, in or upon which each lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vefiel, then was and had been usually navigated 3 and which shall be made in the form following 3 viz.

Navigation

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Geo'rgii I1L c. 58. [1795.

Navigation from  to  in  the

of  extending  miles,  or  thereabouts.

N° of vefTelt registered progreilive.  Kind  of  velTel.  Burthen  of  D°.  Mailer's 1 name.  Number of men  employed.  Capacities

Penalty for And if any such person shall negledf or refuse to transmit such trfnfmit |x° extra(^:  a^  such  regifters) or wilfully transmit any falfe

tra&s of re" extract thereof, every such person fhall, for every such offence, gifters, &c. forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

IX.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

^ces^veffels  county>  riding,  divifion,  {hire,  flewartry, or place, to

Arilfbe^deem- which any such lighter, barge, boat, wherry, cr other veffel, ed to belong, shall be deemed and taken to belong for the purposes of this adl,

fhall be any one of the counties, ridings, {hires, llewartries, di-vifions, or places, in which such river, canal, or other inland water or navigation, whereon such lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other veflel, shall be worked, rowed, or navigated, shall run or be, or the matter or other person having the charge or command thereof, shall usually refidc.

X.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

Penalty^for  That if any person or persons shall falsely make oath to any of,

’n<^^ counter-" the matters herein-before required to be fo verified, such person feiting certifi- or persons shall fuller the like pains and penalties as are incurred cates, &c. by persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury; and that if

any person or persons shall counterfeit, erafe, alter, or falfify, any certificate required or directed to be obtained by this adf, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any certificate fo counterfeited, erafed, altered, or falfified, such person or persons fhall, for, every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-Adt not to ex- thority aforesaid, That nothing in this adt contained shall extend tend to vessels or be conttrued to extend to require to be regittered, according famtty^orVor t0 dirsctipns °f this adt, any lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or pkafure. ' other veflel, under whatsoever description the fame may fall, being the property of his Majesty, or the royal familyy or any of them, or any boat ufed-.fole!y for pleafure; any thing herein con-, tained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding,

' '  XII.  And

1795 1 Ann0 regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. £9.  217

XII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That the penalties and forfeitures incurred by this a6l (except as How penalties herein is otherwise specially directed) shall and may be sued for, ^ecfan^ap-profecuted, and recovered, in such courts, and be disposed of in plied, luch manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalties or forfeitures inflicted, or which may be incurred, for any offence committed against the laws of excise may now legally be sued for, profecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and that the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this a61, shall be entitled to and receive the fame share of the produce arising from such feizures, as in the cafe of seizure for unlawful importation, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary tine or penalty for any offence against this act, as any officer or officers is or are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^?^nuance this ad shall have continuance until the fifth day of April one thousand leven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence until

the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer,

C A P. LIX.

An a£1 for granting to bis Majesty additional duties on diflilleries in Scotland,, and on the exportation of EntUh-madcfpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England ; and to amend an afl, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majejly, intituled, An aft for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland, and the exportation of Britijh-mzde spirits from England to Scotland and from Scotland to England\ for a limited time.—[May 5, 1795.]

Moll gracious Sovereign,  ^

WE, your Majeffy’s moss dutiful and loyal fubjecls, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, towards raiffng the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s pub-lick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raifed, or flock to be created, by virtue of any a61 or ads to be pafied in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majeffy the further and additional duties herein-after mentioned; and do moss humbly beseech your Majeffy that it may be enafled; and be it enabled by the King’s moff; excellent majeffy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the tenth day of October From Od. 10, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there shall be 1795> tht; spiral fed, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Ma-jefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, for and in respect of the leveral be paid in matters and things herein-after mentioned, over and above all Scotland: duties already imposed for or in refped: thereof by any a cl or a6ts

of

 CjOO^Ic

For each gallon of the content of every Hill for making fpi-rits, (lave as excepted by 33 Geo. 3. c. 61.) where British materials are ufed, 9I. annually;

for each gallon, where melafies or sugar arc 11 fed, 15I.; and

where other foreign materials are ufed., 18L j

and for each gallon of rec titying Hills, 91.

Additional duties to be paid for li-cencesforftills within the limits fpecified, in recited a<5t;

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III, c. 59. [1795.

of parliament, the further duties of excise herein-after mentioned* that is to fay,

For and upon every gallon, EngUJh wine meafure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every {till, (including the head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the {team can afeend), which shall be used or employed for the making or distilling of low wines or spirits from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other w.afh or liquor made or brewed from any fort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, other than and except such counties and districts of the highlands as in an a£l, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An adi for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland, and the exportation of Britifh-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, are particularly fpecified, deferibed, and enumerated, there (hall be charged the annual sum of nine pounds:

For and upon every gallon, EngUJh wine* meafure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every ftill, (including the head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend), which shall be used or employed in any part or place in Scotland for the making or distilling of low wines or spirits from melaftes or fugar, or any mixture therewith, the annual sum of fifteen pounds:

For and upon every gallon, EngUJh wine meafure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every ftill, (including the head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend), whi^h shall be used or employed in any part or place in Scotland, for the making or distilling of low wines or spirits from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, (except melaftes and fugar), or any mixture therewith, the annual sum of eighteen pounds:

For and upon every gallon, EngUJh wine meafure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every ftill, (including the head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend), which {hall be used or employed in any part or place in Scotland\ for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing, of any kind of fpirits, or strong waters, the annual sum of nine pounds:

For and upon all licences to be granted by the commiftioners of excise in Scotland for the erecting, keeping, and working ftills, within the highlands of Scotland, within the counties, parts of counties, and limits, in the laid recited a<5t particularly specified and deferibed, the additional duties following 3 that is to fay.

Upon

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 59.  219

Upon every gallon, Engli/h wine meafure, of' the cubical con- f°r e;ich gal-tent or capacity of each and every such ftill, (including the head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other ap- making spirits paratus therewith connedled, under whatever name or denomina- from barley, tion the fame'may be called or known, as high as the fleam can &c. the pro-afcend), which {hall be used or employed in distilling and drawing ties men off spirits from the barley, beer, or bigg, of the growth of the tione(j in re_ several and respective counties in the laid recited act mentioned, cited a61, 20s.-the additional compofition, licence duty, or fum, at the rate of annually; and twenty {hillings by the year; and for and upon all spirits which m^de over shall be manufactured from such laft-mentioned (tills, over and tjie quantity-above the quantity limited by the said recited a£l of the thirty- limited by third year of the reign of his p refen t Majesty, an additional duty that aft, 8d. of eight-pence for each gallon of such surplus fpirits.  additional.

For and upon every gallon, Engli/h wine meafure, of the cu- For each gal-bical content or capacity of each and every Prill, (including the l°n of tolls head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or ;ng spirits denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the front British fleam can afcend), which shall be used or employed by any dif- materials, for tiller or diflillers, or maker or makers of spirits in that part ofto^sTotland Great Britain called England, for making low wanes or spirits annually*; from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, perry, or other wafh, or liquor made or brewed from any fort of Britifk materials, or any mixture therewith, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the annual sum of nine pounds :

For and upon every gallon, Engli/h wine meafure, of the cubi- for eacbgal-cal content or capacity of each and every ftill, (including the laff^or fu^ar head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or areufed 15T; other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or and denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afcend), which shall be used or employed by any such difliller or diflillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for making low wines or spirits from melafles or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for such exportation as aforesaid, the annual sum of fifteen pounds :

For and upon every gallon, Engli/h wine meafure, of the cubi- where other cal content or capacity of each, and every frill, (including the [erTa^a^* head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or upecj jgp . other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afcend), which shall be used or employed by any such difliller or diflillers, or maker or makers of fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for making low wines or spirits from foreign refused wines, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, (except melalfes and fugar), or any mixture therewith, for such exportation as aforesaid, the annual sum of eighteen pounds :

For and upon every gallon, Engli/h wine meafure, of the cu- andforeach bical content or capacity of each and every ftill, (including the gallon of rec-{iead? and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other n|ymS

apparatus v *

 C Dgle

Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 59. [1795*

apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fleam can alcend), which shall be used or employed by such difliller or diftiilers, or maker or makers of spirits in that part of Great Brita'm called England, for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of Ipirits or strong waters for exportation from thence to that part ot Great Britain called Scotland^ the annual sum of nine pounds.

Part of 33 Geo. 3. c 61 j recited.

and repealed;

and no licence to be granted for a wash fcill of a lei's content thaii 52 gallons, or for a rectifying kill of less content than 20 gallon?.

Licences which have been granted for kills of a

II.  And whereas by the [aid adt^ ?nade in the thirty-third year of the reign of or cfaid., it zvas among other things enabled., that it Jhould not be lawful to grant any such licence, as in the said a51 is mentioned., to any dif iller or dif illers, maker or makers of fpirits^for or in re-Jpedi of any waft) fill which Jhould riot in the body thereof and exclusive of the head, be of the content or capacity less than fifty-two gallons, Englifh wine meafure, and tfiat it should not be lawful to grant any such licence to any rcdtificr or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, of fpirits, for or in respect of any jiill for r edifying, compounding, or mixing, which Jhould not in the body thereof and exclufwe of the head, be of the content or capacity less than twenty gallons, Englifh wine meafure: and whereas it zvas intended that no such licence as is jirji above-mentioned Jhould be granted for or in respect of any zvajh jiill\ zvhich Jhould in the body thereof be of a content or capacity less thanfifty -two gallons, and that no such licence as is secondly above-mentioned should be granted for, in respect of any Jiill for rectifying, compounding, or mixing fpirits^ which Jhould in the body thereof be of a content or capacity less than twenty gallons ; and it is therefore expedient to repeal the said recited prohibitions and provifions, and to enadl the prohibitions and provijions herein-after mentioned in lieu thereof: be it therefore enabled by the authority atorefaid, That the said recited prohibitions and provisions shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed ; and that it ihall not be lawful to grant any such licence as in the said a Cf is in that behalf mentioned, to any difliller or diftillers, maker or makers of fpirits, for or in respect of any waih fill], which shall in the body thereof, exclusive of the head, be of a content or capacity less than fifty-two gallons, Englijh wine meafure; nor to grant any such licence as is in the said aCI in that behalf mentioned to any reCIifier or redifiers, compounder or compounders of fpirits, for or in refpeCI of any fliil for rectifying, compounding, or mixing, which ihall in the body thereof, and exclusive of the head, be of a content or capacity less than twenty gallons, Englijh wine meafure; and that the said prohibitions and provisions hereby enacted shall be, and the fame are hereby extended to the purposes of this aCt.

III.  And whereas the commijfioners and officers of excife, in that part ofi Great Britain called Scotland, may have, Jince the pafjing of the said adi\ granted licences J or fills exceeding the rejpediive contents or- capacities herein-before mentioned: and zvhereas doubts may be entertained whether the said coramijjtoners and officers were autho-rijed by lazy to grant such licences: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all licences granted by or under the authority of the commifiioners and officers of excife, in that part of

Great

Hoste 

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinta Georgii III. 0.-59.  221

Great Britain called Scotland, fincc the passing of rhe said recited ^rSer canaci-a£t, (hall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be good and valid to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding of the fame cited .att to be having been granted for {tills exceeding the respective contents valid, and capacities exprefTed in the before recited clauses ; and that the laid commissioners of excife, and the officer or officers acting under them, or by their authority, for the licensing of (tills, (hall be, and they hereby are fully indemnified, freed, and difeharged, from any penalty, difability, adtion, fuit, or prosecution whatever, for or in respect of the granting any such licences for {tills exceeding the respective capacities or contents herein-before mentioned.

IV.  And whereas by the said a ft, made in the twenty-eighth year 28 Geo. 3. of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enabled, that no person or c* 46? ani persons Jhould ereft,fet up, or work, any fill or fills for the diftilling, making, ox manufacturing of loiv ivines or spirits from the materials mentioned in the said aft, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, without firs taking out such annual licence as is by the said aft preferibed; and by the said aft, made in the thirty-third year of the 33 Geo. 3. reign of his present Majefy, certain duties arc imposed for or in respect c* 6'1> recited. of the cubical content or capacity of each and every /f ill used or employed for the making or difilling of low ivines or spirits from certain rnaterials therein mentioned, in any part or place in Scotland, except such counties and diflrifts of the highlands as are specified in the said aft; and that no person or persons Jhould ereft,fet up, uje, employ, or work, any fill or fills for any of the purposes 'mentioned in the said aft, in any part of Scotland- aforesaid, without taking out such licence for that purpose in manner mentioned and dir eft ed in and by the said aft, made in the twenty-eighth year aforesaid ; and that, upon or previous to the granting of any such licence, the person or persons applying for the fame Jhould, on or before the tenth day of October one thousandfeven hundred and ninety-three, andfo afterwards, at or before the end of every two months, pay down, in ready money in advance, a fxth part oj the yearly duty payable by that aft in respect of such licence: and whereas, by the said laf mentioned aft, the com?nifi oners of excife, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, are au-thorifed and required, in manner preferibed by the said aft, to allow or repay, within two months, to every dijliller or dijlillers, maker or makers, reftifier or reftifiers, compounder or compounders of fpirits, who shall have given or left due notice of his, her, or their intention to make, reft fy, or compound, spirits for exportation from that part of Great Britain called Scotland to that part of Great Britain called England, a proportional abatement of the licence duty paid by such dijliller or dijlillers, maker or makers, reftifier or reftifiers, compounder or compounders: and whereas, in lieu and injlead of such dijlillers, reftifiers, or compounders, who shall have given such notice as aforesaid, paying down in ready money, in advance, juch licence duty, and the comrnijfioners of excise in Scotland allowing or repaying the fame in manner aforesaid, it is expedient to require all such dijlillers, reftifiers, and compounders, to give such bond as is herein after preferibed be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and Inftead of

after the palling of this aft, in lieu and instead of such payments payment of

r J  licence duties

in



in advance by diftillers, and abatement of a proportion to thole making spirits for exportation to England, as directed by recited a6ts, a bond to be given as here in directed.

No person to make spirits in Scotland for exportation to England, not au-thorifed to do fo before patting this ad.

50I penalty on persons removing spirits from The Highlands to The Lowlands, contrary to ads of 35 and 33 Geo. 3.;

and on per-fons retailing spirits in Scot-

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C. 59. [1793.

in advance, and of such allowances or repayments, all and every distiller or diftillers, maker or makers, reCtifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders, of fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall have made due entry, and given or left due notice of his, her, or their intention to make, re&ify, or compound spirits for exportation from that part of Great Britain called Scotland to that part of Great Britain called England, (hall give bond, with sufficient surety or fureties, in the penalty of a sum equal to one sixth part of the annual licence duty for each and every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every Hill, (including the head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith conne&ed, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend), specified in such entry as being to be used or employed for the making or distilling of low wines or spirits from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other waih or liquor made or brewed from any of the materials mentioned in the said aCi, that no such still or flills fhall, during the time that such entry shall remain in force, or not withdrawn, be ufed, employed, or worked, for the diftilling, making, manufacturing, rectifying, or compounding, any low wines or spirits which shall not be duly exported to, and landed, and paid duty for, in that part of Great Britain called England; which bond the commifiioners of ex-cife in Scotland, or any three or more of them, for the time being, are hereby directed to take in his Majesty’s name, and to his Ma-jefty’s ufe.

V.  Provided always neverthelefs, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle any person or persons to make, re&ify, or compound fpirits, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called England, save and except such persons as were authorised and empowered fo to do by the laws in force immediately before the pasting of this aCt.

VI.  And, for the more effectually preventing the removal, car-vying, or conveying, any such fpirits, made or distilled within the limits of that part of Scotland called The Highlands, as deferibed in the said recited ad of the thirty-third of his present Majejly, out of the said limits across the line or bounds therein deferibed, into that part of Scotland called The Lowlands, or southern parts of the kingdom; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, if any person or persons shall fell, deliver, receive, or buy, or knowingly permit or fufter to be fold, delivered, received, or bought, any such spirits fo removed, carried, or conveyed, contrary to the prohibitions in the aCts made in the twenty-fifth and thirty-third years of his present Majesty, or either of them, the person or persons fo offending fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

VII.  And be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons in that part of Great Britain called Scotland3 shall retail any spirits made or distilled from malt, corn,

grain,

1795*1 Anno regnl triceumo quinto Georgii III. c. 59.  223

'grain, barley, beer, bigg, or other Britijh materials, and which Ipd without spirits are commonly called and known by the name of Aqua Vitte, ^cence in that part of G^eat Britain called Scotland, without first taking out an excise licence authorising such person or persons t;o retail such fpirits, in the manner required and directed by an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prelent Majesty, intituled, An aft for repealing the duties on coals, culm, and cinders, brought or carried coajlwife into Scotland,^ and for granting other duties on licences to fell certain distilled spirituous liquors in lieu thereof and renewing the fame yearly, fo long as such person or persons —fhall continue to retail such fpirits, he, (he, or they, (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

VIII.  And whereas by an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the

reign of his present Majefy, intituled, An a£t for the regulation of 33 Geo. 3. c. distilleries in Scotland., and the exportation of Britijh-made spirits 5 from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited time, it tvas enaftedy that the several rates and duties granted and imposed by any aft or afts of parliament then in force upon low wines or spirits for home confumption, or upon ivorts, wajhy and other liquorr, used in Scotland in the dijlillation of fpirits, and upon any licence required to be taken by any dijliller or maker of fpirits, from corn, malty or other materiahy or by any reftifier or compounder of spirits in Scotland, (five only and except any arrears then due in respect of such rates or duties), should be difeontinuedfrom and after the fifth day of July one thousandfeven hundred arid ninety-three: and whereas doubts have arisen whether by the said recited aft the ad-ditional duties imposed for a limited time by another aft, made in S1 Geo. 3. c. the thirty first year of the reign aforefaidy among other things for I> recitec‘> granting to his Majefly additional duties upon spirits made in Scotland and imported into England, for spirits made and manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England, and payable by the importer before the landing thereofy andivhich were continued and made perpetual by another aft made in the thirty-third year of the reign aforefaidy are not repealed: noWy to obviate all such doubtSy it the additional is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That by^hMatter^ the said additional duties for spirits made or manufadured in that on spirits made-part of Great Britain called Scotlalidy and imported or brought from in Scotland thence into that part of Great Britain called Englandy are not and imported repealed by the said recited ad: of the thirty-third year of the reign  ?

aforefaid, intituled. An aft for the regulation of dijiilleries in Scot- repealed by land, and the exportation of Britifh-made spirits from England to the former Scotland, andfrom Scotland to England, for a limited time.

IX.  And vjhereas by the said afty made in the thirty-third year the reign aforefaidy certain excise duties were imposed for a limit time therein mentionedy on licences to betaken out by distillers of spirits in Scotland, for exporiatioiiy from thence to that part of Great Britain called England ; and certain other excise duties were also thereby imposed on licences to be taken out by dijlillers in England, for exportatioriy from thence to Scotland ; and whereas the said licence duties firjl above-mentioned werey by an aft made in the thirty-fourth year of thb reign aforefaidy continued and made perpetual, and it is ex-

H-JSfe6ogIe

of 33 Geo 3. < ej(m, recited;

224 Anno regni tricefimft quihto GeorCii III. c. 59. [1795*

pcdient in like manner to continue and make perpetual the licence

duties lajlabove-mentioned: be it therefore enacted by the authority

and duties aforesaid, That the duties of excise imposed by the laid a61, made

thereby im- m the thirty-third year of the reign aforesaid, for or in respect of

pofedon licen- ]jcences by the laid ad directed to be taken out by distillers of

ces to nunll rs r , .  .  r  ^  ^  . tl . „ . / r

iii Enel?.nd to spirits, m that part of Great Britain called England? for exporta-

export spirits tion from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland’, to Scotland, {hall be, and the fame are hereby continued and made perpetual, tua?6 ^ei^e" and ^at the fame shall be paid and payable by such perfons, at such times, and in such manner, and subject and liable to such repayments, allowances, and abatements, and under and subject to such penalties and forfeitures, as the said duties were payable by the said ad, or any other ad or ads of parliament in force at and immediately before the pa fling of this aft; and the fame (hall continue to be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at IVeftminJler, (the charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), and be carried to, and made part of, the consolidated fund.

Recovery and X. And further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That application of all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this a61 created and fines.  impofed, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by

fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at TVeJhnin-Jler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpedively, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (not other wife di redded by the said recited act of the'thirty-third year of his present Majesty’s reign), shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fiicceflors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall difeover, inform, or fue, for the fame.

Duties to be XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That raifedj&c. ac- the several and respective duties bv this ad imposed fhall, from time cording to the t0 time, be raifed, received, recovered, lecured, and paid, by such !brcV^OWperfons, at such times, in such manner, and by such ways and means, and under such management, and under and subject to such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and with such other powers, and subject to such other powers, and subject to the like allowances, repayments, abatements, rules, and dire61ions, and by such methods, and in such manner and form, (except where otherwise expressly directed by this ad), as by the said ad, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, or any other ad or ads of parliament now in force concerning the fevera! matters and things respectively for or in respect whereof v anv duty is by this ad imposed is directed or preferibed ; and that all the provilions, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, and diredions, mentioned and contained in the said ads refpec-tively, (^except as aforefaid), shall be, and the fame are hereby continued, and made perpetual ; and the fame shall be pradifed, and put in execution, as well for the raifing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, or paying, the said several and respective 11  duties

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo quin to Georgii III. c. 60, 61. 225

duties by the said aft of the thirty-third year aforesaid, as by this a6t impofed; and for the making any repayment, allowance, or abatement, in manner in the said a61 diredfed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes^ as if the fame were particularly repeated and enacted in this a6L

XII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all the money arising by the duties by this a£t impofed, (the Duties to be necessary charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), Pa^d into the lhall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s ^nd carried to exchequer at IVeJlmlnfter ; and the • said monies fo paid into the the confoli-faid receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, (hall be carried to, and dated fund, made part of, the consolidated fund.

XIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies arifing, or to arife, by the laid  be

rates and duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an addition dftlcm to^ke'" made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the encreased revenue for charge occasioned by any loan made, or dock created, or to be defraying the created, by virtue of any a61 or a6Is passed or to be palled in this encreased fellion of parliament; and that the said monies fhall, during the space ^onedC by

of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the said receipt of his ioan Qf this 1

Majefcy’s exchequer at Wejlminjler, distinctly and apart from all fefiion, &e.

other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be

provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt,

during the said period of ten years, a bock or books, in which all

the monies arising from the laid rates and duties, and paid into

the said receipt, fhall, together with the monies arising from any

other rates and duties granted in this fellion of parliament, for

the purpose of defraying such encreased charge as aforesaid, be

entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable

to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, ever.

poa any account what-

CAP. LX,

An a6t for applying certain Turns of money raised in the county of Stafford by virtue of several a6ts of parliament made refpedtihg the militia of this kingdom.—[May 5, 1795.]

3,3251. I5S- I£d. iq* raised for the militia, and in the hands of the receiver general of the county of Stafford unapplied, to be paid to the treasurer of the lubfcrihers for railing troops for the internal defence of the kingdom. Perlons concerned in railing the money indemnified. Money to be applied in paying the expenees of this add, and afterwards in raising troops for the internal defence of the kingdom. Surplus to be applied to some publick purpose of the county. Publick a61.

CAP. LXI.

An aft for repealing an a6t, p;.*Ted in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a6t for the more effe£lual aflcffing and collecting of the rates for the relief of the poor in the parish of Saint Botolph Bilhopfgate, in the liberties of the city of London; for providing a workhouse for the reception of the poor of the laid parish ; and for the employment, maintenance, and regulation, of the said poor therein.—[May 5, 1795 -3

Vox. XL.

A<S£



2.2.6 Anno regni tficefnno quinto Georgii III. c. 62. [1795.

Adt 12 Geo. 3. c. 79, repealed. Truftees appointed. Truftees to meet within a month after pairing this adt. Truftees may borrow ten thousand pounds on annuities to be charged on the rates. Purchafe of land to build a workhouse on confirmed. Atteffments to be made and rates collected. Houfes let out in lodgings or ready furnifhed, rates to be paid by the landlord. Rates to be recovered as the poor rates by 43 Eliz. and subsequent adts. Committee' appointed to regulate the poor. Penalty of forty (hillings for buying or receiving into pawn cloaths, &c. belonging to the poor. Appeal, Limitation of actions. General illue. Treble colls.

c A P. LXH.

An aft to enable his Majejfs pojhnafler general to open and return certain letters contained in the mails made up at the general pof office /?z London, for the United Provinces, on the thirteenth, fifteenth, and twentieth days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and novo remaining in the said general pojl office♦ —[May 19, 1795.]

Preamble, ^XTKEREAS certain mails of letters, which were made up at the reciting that VV general pofi office in London, on the thirteenth, fixteenth, ^be^n^to^ an^ iwentuih days cf January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-the United  five"> an^ wsye intended to be sent from the said general pojl office unto

Provinces  the United Provinces, have been detained by virtue of a •warrant

have been de- under the hand and feal cf one of his Adajefyy tamed.  fate, and the said mails of letters are now re

ral post office : and vuhercas many of the persons by ivhom the said letters were written, figned, or fent, have applied to his Majejf s pofmafer general to have the fame returned to them, ami doubts being entertained whether his Majefifs pojhnajler general is author fed by lave to return the fame: be it therefore enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Poftmafterge- attembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, if any person an^VSurnPen or Per^ons by or i'rom- whom any letter or letters contained in letters in such the Lid mails respectively were written, or figned, or sent to mails.  the post office, ihould be desirous to have the fame returned,

upon application, in writing, being made to his Majesty’s poft-matter general at any time within three calendar months after the patting of this adt, for the return of any such letter or letters, by the person or persons who wrote or signed or sent the said letters refpeclivejy to the post office, or any other person or performs duly authorised for that purpose by the person or persons who wrote, figned, or fent, the fame refpeclively, each written application being made at the general post office in London, and being signed by the persons respectively making the fame, and containing respectively either duplicates of the refpeblive letters applied for, or copies of the respective directions thereof, such copies of the directions to be in the fame hand writing as the relpedtive directions of which they purport to be copies, and each written application aifo letting forth the names of the persons respectively who have in writing fubferibed, or the names of the persons respectively which are printed, fet, or affixed, to fuch

letters

s principal fecretartes oj maininz in the said gene-

ty95.] Anno regni tricefirrio quinto Georgii III. c. 62.  227

letters refpeclively, it {hall and may be lawful, notwithstanding any law, ftatiite, cuflom, or ufage, to the contrary, for the pollmafber general, or any officer or officers of the port: office to be authorised and empowered by such poPcmailer general, in writ-ting, to open such letters reipedlively, for which application {hall be fo made, in the presence of the person or persons applying for the fame refpedlively; and, in cafe the names subscribed in writing, or the names of the persons printed, fet, or affixed, to such letters refpedlively, (hall be found to be those which had been fo declared in such writing as aforesaid, to return the laid letters refpeelively, together with whatever shall appear to be contained therein, to the person or persons applying for the fame refpec-tively: provided neverthelefs, That, before any such letter or ^Tfor^e^te^ letters shall be fo returned as aforesaid, the persons respectively t0°ma]ce Loath applying for the fame shall fir ft make oath, to be administered as of certain par-herein-after is mentioned, that they did write or sign or fend the ticulars. said letters respectively to the post office, or that the person or persons by whose authority they demand the return of such letters respectively did, to the best of their knowledge and belief, write or sign or fend the fame refpeflively to the pofi office, and that the name or names subscribed in writing, printed, fet, or affixed, to such letters refpeclively, were fo fubfcribed, printed, fet, or affixed, by the persons respectively making such application, or by their respective directions, or to the belt of their knowledge and belief, by or by the authority of the persons respectively on whose behalf such application is made, and whose names are fo fubfcribed, printed, fet, or affixed ; and further, that such person or persons as apply under the authority of any other person or persons shall also first make oath, to be fo administered as hereinafter mentioned, that he or they is or are duly authorised bv such other person or persons to apply for the return of such letters refpedlively.

II. And whereas there may he contained in the said mails several letters from persons ref ding in parts beyond the feas, zvbich have been trnnfrnitted by such per)ons to their respective co'rrefpondents in London, in order to be by such correspondents put into the said generalpoft office ^ andforzvarded by the pof unto the said United Provinces, and which . may have been accordingly put into the said general pof office \ and it is apprehended that there are zvritten or indorsed upon all or the greater part of such laf mentioned letters fo put into tlA said general post office, the name or names of the perjon or perfons, or the firm of the house or houses to whom such letters reffectively have been iranj-mitted, and by whom they have been forzvarded: and zvhereas such persons fo ref ding in parts beyond the seas may not have an opportunity of applying under the provfions hereinbefore contained for the return of such letters, and it is apprehended that it will be a great convenience to them that their correspondents in London, who forzvarded such letters to the said general pof office, fnould be authorised to receive them back : be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, if application shall be made to the pollmafter general, at Letters from

anytime within the space of three calendar months from and after

the palling of this adl, by the person or'perfons who fo refpec- parts may be.

2  twely

 CaOOgLC

returned to their correspondents in London unopened.

Oath to be made to certain particu

22S Anno fegni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 62. [1795.

tively wrote or indorfed, or authorised to be written or indorfed, the name of the person or perfons, or the firm of the house or houfesby whom such last mentioned letters respectively were put into the said general poll office, such application being made, in writing, at the said general poll: office, and being signed by the person or persons refpecftively making the fame, and containing respectively copies of what (hall be fo wrote or indorsed upon such letters refpedively, such copies rcfpedtively to be in the fame hand writing as the hand writing indorsed upon such last mentioned letters refpedtively; and if upon comparing such copies of what shall be fo written or indorsed upon such letters with the letters refpecHvely, it shall appear that the copies are in the fame hand writing as are indosfed upon such last mentioned letters refpeftively, it shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding any law, ftatute, cuf-tom, or ufage, to the contrary, for the postmaster general, or any officer or officers of the post office, to be authorised as aforesaid, to deliver such last mentioned letters refpedftively without opening the fame to the person or persons refpecftively applying for the fame ; such person or persons first making oath, to be adminif-tered as herein-after mentioned, that he or they did receive such Jarsb^perfons  mentioned letter or letters refpediively from his or their cor-

applying for respondent or correspondents residing in parts beyond the feas, such letters, for the purpose of being forwarded by the post from London unto the said United Provinces, and that such person or persons fo applying as last aforesaid, did write or indorfe^ or cause to be written or indorfed, upon such letter or letters respectively, the words and figures which shall appear to be written or indorsed thereon refpedtiveiy, and that such person or persons did put, or cause to be put, such letter or letters into the said general post office in order to be forwarded by the post unto the said United Provinces, in the said refpediive mails, or some or one of them.

Letters not III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That applied lor in the said postmaster general (hall and may, notwithstanding any after Tffin**8 ^aw’  cuftom,  or  ufage,  to  the  contrary, detain and keep

this may *n possession all and every such of the said letters, together be detained with the contents thereof refpedlively, as shall not, within the till ordered to space of three calendar months from the palling of this a<51, be-^er th^fecre^ reclu^red to be returned in manner in this amentioned, or under iarv of ftate. the powers herein-after given, until he shall receive directions from one of bis Majesty’s principal secretaries of ftate, by warrant under his hand and feal, to forward the fame respectively unto the said United Provinces in his Majesty?s mails of letters, to the end that such letters, and what may be contained therein refpec-tively, may be sent by post for the persons respectively to whom the said letters refpetftively are addrefied; which directions it is hereby declared it shall and may be lawful for any one of his Majesty*s principal secretaries of state to give, by warrant under his hand and feal, and which directions the postmaster general Is hereby required to obey, or cause to be obeyed.

IV o And., for the better afcert dining the persons respectively by or from vjhom any letter or Utters contained in the said mails refpedively

were

1795-] Anno regni'tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 62.

were written or ftgned or fent, and for preventing frauds in the dili-very of the said letters to persons not entitled to receive the fame, or to require the fame to be returned; be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his ^or^^esn^e said Majesty’s postmaster general, or any person or persons  C

authorifed and empowered by him, in writing under his hand, to oaths to°be administer an oath or oaths to the person or persons applying for taken: the return of anyfuch letters as aforesaid, according to one of the forms herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay),

J A. B. do fuoear, [or, being one of the people called ffuakers. Oaths,

^ I A. B. do solemnly affirm], That I did write or sign or fend the letter [or letters] now claimed by me to be returned., to the pojl office ; and that the name [or names] juhfcribed in writing, printed, fet) or affixed, to such letter [or letters], was [or were] fubferibed.\ printed? fety or affixed^ toJuch letter [or letters] by or by my direction.

Or,

J A. B. do fuoear [or, being one of the people called Quakers,

I A. B. do solemnly affirm], That lam duly authorised by [C. D. &c. as the cafe may be] to receive the letter [or letters] now claimed to be returned to me^ on behalf of the said [C. D. &c. as the cafe may be] ; and that the said [C. D. &c. as the cafe may be] did\ to the befl of ?ny knowledge and belief write or sign or fend the fame to the pojl office * and that the name [or names] fubferibed in writings printed, fet, or affixed, to such letter [or letters] 'was [or were] according to the befl of my knowledge or belief fo fubjcribecfprinted, fet, or affixed, by or by the authority of the said  [C.  D. &c. as the cafe may be].

Or,

J A. B. clo fweay\ [or, being one of the people called SJuakers^

/A. B. do solemnly affirm], That I did receive the letter [or letters] now applied for by me to be returned, and now produced and /hewn unto me, from my ccrrefpondent [or correfpondents\ who resides [or refide] in parts beyond the feaS) for the purpose of being forwarded by me by the pojl from London unto the United Provinces ; and that I did write or indorfe, or cause to be written or indorfed, upon such letter [or letters] the words andfigures which now appear to be written or indorsed thereon ; and that I did put) or cause to be put) such letter [or letters] into the general pojl office in London, in order to be forwarded by the pojl unto the J'aid United Provinces,

V.  And inasmuch aS) in the execution of this present aid) it may happen that some of the persons who may apply for the return of letters may not be enabled to comply with the precise forms hereby directed) and probably cannot take the oath or oaths in the exadi form or forms of words hereby required to be taken) on which account the pofhnajler general cannot5 under the rejlritdions herein-before contained\ return

<L3  dl

Secretary of state may au-thorife the delivery of letters, though the persons applying cannot comply with the preferi'oed forms.

Penalty on persons taking false oaths.

Poftmafter general. See. not liable to any penalty for acting under this adt.

Perfons prole-cuted may plead the general iffue.

Anno regni trlcefimoquintoGEORGii’'III. c. 62, [1795.

all the letters contained in the [aid mails which shall be applied for to he returned, not witbj}anding that the persons Jo apply ing may be well entitled to receive back such letters, and that the true intent and meaning °f th'ls a^l ?'-S that they should be enabled fo to receive them: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 7 hat, in any cafe where such difficulty {hall occur, it shall and may be lawful to arffi for any one of his Majesty’s principal fe-cretaries of {late, by warrant or warrants under his hand and feal, to diredl, order, require, and authorife, the postmaster general to open and return any fucb letter or letters, for which application (hall be made to be returned, and which cannot be returned under the forms a nj reft riel ions herein-before contained, upon such person or persons identifying; the letter or letters, and making oath in such manner arid form as in such respective warrant or warrants shall be required and expressed ; and the postmaster general is hereby empowered and required to execute, or cause to be executed^ aq such orders and directions, and to adminiller, or cause to be adminiftered, such oath and oaths as fhall, in such refpeCtiye warrant or warrants, be exprefted or contained ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithftandjno-,

■VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who shall be conviCted of wilfully taking a false oath |n any 0f the cafes in which oaths are to be taken by virtue of this a<5t, or in any cafe wherein an oath or oaths fhall, by virtue 0f a warrant or warrants under the hand and feal of such principal secretary of ftate, be authorised and required to be taken, every such person fo taking a false oath shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithstanding, That neither the said postmaster general, nor any such officer or servant as aforesaid, shall be liable to any action, fuit, indictment,■ information, or other proceeding, or be liable to or incur any penalty, forfeiture, or incapacitation, for or by reason of any a£l, matter, or thing, done, or forborne to be done, by virtue and under the authority of and according to this present a<5t, or in the execution of the fame, or of the authorities herein contained, or .any of them, or in relation thereto, or in pursuance of the direction and authority of such principal secretary of ftate, to be given in manner herein-before mentioned* but that all such adlions, fuits, indictments, informations, proceedings, penalties, forfeitures, and incapacitations, (hall be, and are hereby absolutely difeharged.

VIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons fhall, at any time or times, be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed, in pursuance of this a£l, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, such person and persons shall andmay plead the general iffue, and give the special matter- in evidence

fof

2$l

1795.] Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 62.'

for his or .their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict fhall

pafs for the defendant or defendants,>or the plaintiff or plaintiffs

fhall become nonfuited, then such defendant or defendants fhall

have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or Treble cods.

plaintiffs.

IX.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That  ^rau’

That if any person or persons whatsoever shall falsely or fraudu- tainingletters lently obtain any letter or letters, hereby authorised to be returned containing

as aforesaid, or that shall or may be authorised to be returned bank notes, under the authority of & warrant or warrants of such principal  ^

fecretary of (late, by virtue of the powers herein-before contained c for that purpose, containing any bank note, bank poll bill, bill of exchange, promiflory note, letter of credit, or any other security or instrument whatfoever, for the payment of money, every such person fo offending, and being*‘thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be deemed guilty of felon)', and shall be transported for the term of (even years.

X.  And be it also further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one of his Ma- Letters may jefty’s principal secretaries of date, by warrant or warrants under he returned to his hand and feal, to direct, order, require, and authorife, the poft:-mailer general to open and return any letter or letters contained proc£ wrtlfor in the said mails refpectively, for returning which, application without oath, shall be made by or on behalf of any foreign minister or em- °f writing baftador, upon such proof being made, with or without oath, that such foreign mi nifter or embaftador did write, fign, or fend to the poft, or cause to be written, figned, or sent to the poft, such letter or letters refpectively, and upon such other directions re-fpecting the said letter or letters fo applied for being complied with, as in such warrant or warrants (hall be required to be made or complied with; and the postmaster general is hereby also required to execute or cause to be executed all such orders and directions as fhall, in such respective warrant or warrants, be ex-prefled or contained ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI And inasmuch as, in the execution of this present aft, it may happen that some of the persons who may apply for the return of letters may not be enabled to comply with the precise forms hereby dire 51 ed, and probably cannot take the oath or oaths, in the ex aft form or forms of words hereby required to be taken, on which account the postmaster general cannot, under the restrictions herein-before con-~ tamed, return all the letters contained in the said mails which fall be applied for to be returned, notwithjlanding that the persons fo applying may be well entitled to receive back such letters, and that the true in- Secretary of tent and meaning cf this aft is, that they should be enabledfo to receive ftatemay au-them ; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, in deliver^of any cafe where such difficulty shall occur, it shall and maybe law- letters ^

. ful to and for any one of his Majesty’s principal secretaries of though the ftate, by warrant or warrants under his hand and feal, to direct, persons apply-order, require, and authorife, the postmaster general to open and ^^^with return any luch letter or letters, for which application shall be th^preferibed

<^4  made  forms.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1795.

ACc may be altered or repealed this ftillon.

made to be returned, and which cannot be returned under the forms and reltribtions herein-before contained, upon such person or persons fo identifying the letter or letters, and making oath, in such manner and form as in such refpeblive warrant or warrants shall be required and expreffed; and the poftmailer general is hereby empowered and required to execute, or'caufe to be executed, all such orders and direbtions, and to ad mini Her, or cause to be ad-niiniftered, such oath or oaths as (ha]], in such refpeblive warrant or warrants, be expressed or contained ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithftanding.

XIL Provided alfo, That it shall and may be lawful to alter or repeal, this a61 in the present fefiion of parliament.

CAP. LXIII.

An a At for granting to his Majefly certain stamp duties on sea infur an ces.—[May 19, 1795.J

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble, \  yom  ^aJe^y,s  and loyal fubjebls, the com-

VV mons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, towards jraifing the necessary supplies to defray your Majefly’s publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raifed, or flock to be created, by virtue of any abt or acts for that purpose to be palled in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majefly the duties herein-after mentioned ; and do moil humbly beseech your Majefly that it may be enabled ; and be it enabled by the King’s mofl excellent majefly, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the From July 5, authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July Stamp deities* one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there shall be raifed, to be paid on levied, collebled, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Infurances,  Britain,  unto and for the use of his Majefly, his heirs and fuc-

ceffors, for every skin or piece of vellum cr parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any insurance upon any ship or fliips, goods, or merchandize, or upon any other property or in-terefl whereon insurances may lawfully be made, shall beingrof-fed, printed, or written, the stamp duties following upon the sums infured; (that is to fay), where the sum to be insured shall amount to one hundred pounds, a stamp duty of two shillings and fixpence, and fo progrefiively for every sum of one hundred pounds infured; and where the sum to be insured shall not amount to one hundred pounds, a like stamp duty of two shillings and fixpence; and where the sum to be insured shall exceed one hundred pounds, or any progrefiive sums of one hundred pounds each, by any fractional part of one hundred pounds, a like (lamp duty of two shillings and sixpence for each frabtional part of one

hundred

1795-] -Anno regni tncefuno quinto Georgii 1IL c. 63.  233

hundred pounds : and that, upon all and every insurances or insurance, where the premium, or consideration in the nature of a premium, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the rate of ten (hillings, there (hall be paid the following duties; (that is to fay), where the sum fo to be insured (hall amount to one hundred pounds, a stamp duty of one (hilling and three-pence, and fo progreftively for every sum of one hundred pounds fo infured; and where the sum fo to be insured shall not amount to one hundred pounds, a like stamp duty of one (hilling and three-pence; and where the sum fo to be insured (hall exceed one hundred pounds, or any progreftive (urns of one hundred pounds each, by any fractional part of one hundred pounds, a like stamp duty of one (hilling and three-pence for such fractional part of one hundred pounds ; which several duties (hall be payable and paid by the allured in such infurahces refpeftively; and the allured, in every such infurance, shall be a'nfvverable and accountable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors, in the amount of the duty payable by this aft in retpeft of the fame, and which shall and may, in default of payment thereof according to the regulations of this aft, be charged upon, and levied againft, the affined, his, her, or their respective executors, admi-niftrators, and aftigns.

II. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing Aft not toex*

herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge tend ro *niu“

j  '  o  ranees  from

with any stamp duty by this aft impofed, any policy of insurance lottos by tire*

made and entered into for insuring houfes, furniture, goods, or on lives, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, whereon the duty imposed by an aft, palled in the twenty-fecond year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aSi for charging a duty on perfions whofie property shall be infiured against loss by fire, shall have been duly paid, nor any insurance made or entered into for insuring any*events or contingencies relative to a lire or lives whereon the duty imposed by the laws in force at and immediately before the palling of this aft shall have been duly paid.

III. And be it further enaftced by the authority a fo refold.

That, for the more efteftual levying, collefting, and paying, the Duties to be laid duties herein-before granted, the fame shall be under the under the raa-government, care, and management, of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on fionersof stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part ftamps. of them, are required and empowered to denote the payment of the laid duties by this aft impofed, either by using any stamps in their pofteflion heretofore provided.to be used in relation to any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, or to provide new stamps for that purpose, and to renew or alter the fame from time to time as they shall fee occafion, and to do all things necellary to be done for putting this aft in execution, with relation to the said duties hereby granted, in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, or paper,

IV.  Provided

•  GoO^lC

2>34 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1795.

Where pre- IV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That, upon all mium exceeds an(j every such insurances or infurance, where the premium, or

not 1055. per cent, on aool. or upwards, stamps of as. 6d. per aool. may be ufed.

Commiflion-ers to provide ^ stamped po~ licie.s, which may be pur-chaled,

confideration in the nature of a premium, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contradled for, shall not exceed the rate of ten {hillings per centum on the sum infured, it shall be lawful, in 'all cafes where the sum insured (hall amount to two hundred pounds or upwards, to use (lamps of two {hillings and sixpence for every two hundred pounds of the sum infured, instead of {lamps of one {hilling and three-pence for everyone hundred pounds of the like sums fo infured.

V.  And be it further enadied by the authority aforesaid, That e commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the

duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, fhall, out of the monies arising thereby, from time to time, provide sufficient quantities of vellum, parchment, or paper, adapted for policies of infurance, and {hall cause to be printed thereon refpedlivcly the several forms for blank policies of insurance hereunto annexed, and the fame fo printed to be duly {lamped, with a proper (lamp or {lamps, as directed by this a£l, for the purpose of denoting the duty to be paid thereon, in . order that all his Majesty’s fub-jedls may buy the said forms adapted for policies of insurance relpedlively, (lamped with such rate of duty as they shall respectively require, of the officers, or persons employed by the said commiffioners, at the price of the said duty marked thereon, without any charge for such vellum, parchment, or paper, or for printing the fame- or at their election may bring to the head office of (lamps, any quantities of their own vellum, parchment, or paper, to be {lamped as aforesaid, on payment of the duty payable thereon, and the said officers, or persons employed by the said commiffioners, fhall, and they are hereby required to write or mark thereon the day, month, and year, when any such printed vellum, parchment, or paper, fo {lamped, (hall be-delivered by Ecer^for^e^ ^iem to  as  aforesaid  •  and  if any officer, or person em-

lett^fduty^ ployed by the said commiffioners, shall wilfully neglect to do or perform any matter or thing herein-before required, he (hall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, and shall be liable to Policies not to be dismissed from his said office: provided always, that the said be provided at commiffioners, or officers as aforesaid, (hall not be required to procharge for'in yide, at the publick charge, any vellum or parchment stamped furances un- as aforesaid, where the sum to be insured thereon (hall not amount der io,oool. to ten thousand pounds or upwards,

VI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Commiffion- That the said commissioners for managing the duties on (lamped ers to appoint veHuni5 parchment, and paper, as soon after the passing of this doi^for^iftri" a<^ as corivenieiltly may foall establish one or more office or bnting po-  offices within the city of London, at some convenient place at or

licies.  near the Royal Exchange, and shall appoint a proper officer or

officers there, todiflribute policies of insurance printed on vellum, parchment, or paper, according to the respective forms hereunto annexed, and (lamped according to the directions of this a£t, to any person or persons carrying on the business of insurance within ’  the

or vellum, See. may be brought and ftamped, on payment of duty.



1795*1 Anno regni trice-fimo qumto Georgii III. c. 63. z^j

the said city, on present payment of the duty payable in refpe£l thereof, subject to the usual allowance made on present payment • of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper: provided may°b^opetu always, that it (hall be lawful for the officer or officers, fo to be ecj ^ith per-appointed, with the consent and approbation of the said commit- fons giving fioners for the time being, or the major part of them, to open an b°nd (°r Pay-account, in books to be provided by the said commissioners for ™  0  u’“

that purpose, with any person or perfons, body or bodies politick or ’ corporate, carrying on the bufmefs of such insurances within the said city, who refpedli vely (hall have given, or caused to be given, to the satisfaction of the said commiffioners, fecurity, by bond, to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, for the payment of the duties at the times and in the manner to be prescribed by the said commissioners as herein-after is mentioned, and from time to time to fupplv such person or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, with such vellum, parchment-, of paper, printed and (lamped according to the directions of this a<51, on the credit of such person or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, having given, or caused such security to be given, as aforeiaid, in such quantities as the said commissioners (hall have authorised such officer or officers, from time to time to supply to them re-fpeClively, making the like allowances, on payment of the duties within the times prescribed by the said commiffioners, as are herein directed to be made on present payment of the said duties; and the said officer or officers (hall pr'ogreffively number all such PoliciesjfTued policies of insurance printed on vellum, parchment, or paper, and on credit to (lamped as aforesaid, as the fame (hall severally be iffiied to and entered * on the credit of any such person or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, as aforesaid, beginning such progressive enumeration on the commencement of each and every diuincl account opened with any such person or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, and fo fucceflively, on the close of and payment of the sums due on each successive distinct account, or at luch dated periods in the year, as the said commissioners (hall in their dif-cretion dire<5l, and (hall, in such book or books, fet down the numbers of such policies, with the sums payable thereon for the said duties, to the didindl credit and account of the person or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, applying for the fame on the conditions aforesaid, and also the date and time of delivering the fame; and if any such officer or officers Penalty for (hall knowingly make any false entry in such book or books, in any of the particulars aforesaid, to the damage of any such per-for) or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, every such officer fo offending (hall be liable by action of debt or on the cafe to pay treble the value of the damages and cods to the party or parties aggrieved, and may be dismissed from his place or office for such offence.

VIL And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Perfons to ^ all and every person and perfons, body or bodies politick or cor- are°dehveredS porate, upon or to whose credit any (lamped vellum, parchment, on credit, to or papery (hall be delivered in pursuance of this adt, (hall pre- give bond.

vioufly

n$6 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III, c. 63. [1795*

vioufly give, or cause to be given, bond to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, in such Turn as the said commiilioners may think reafonable, fo as the fame doth not exceed the probable amount of the duty payable by such person or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate refpedlively, for any space of time not exceeding two calendar months, nor less than fix weeks, with a condition, that if such person or persons (hall from time to time well and truly make payment of all such sum and sums of money, which (hall be due and payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceffors, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, such bond (hall be void, but ctherwife to be and remain in full force; Commiffion- and it (hall be lawful for the said commiliioners, or the major times* of Part  times an(^ periods of making such pay-

ment. ° rnents, and to specify the fame in the condition to every such bond, and which (hall not, in any cafe, be by less than eight Bonds may payments in the year, at equal intervals as nearly as may be; and be renewed, every such bond may be renewed from time to time in the dif-PutTn fuit°r cret*on  t'did  commiliioners,  or  the  major part of them, as

V  *  often as the fame (hall be forfeited, or the party or parties to the

fame, or any of them, (hall die, become bankrupt or insolvent, or reside in parts beyond the feas; and every such bond (hall, at any time at the request of the obligor or obligors therein, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or adigns, be delivered up to be cancelled; or otherwife, if in the dilcretion of the said commissioners the fame (hall be detained, then the fame (hall be put in fuit for feme breach thereof before the end of the second term after such request made, or in default thereof (hall be void. Damaged po- VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That licies, See. it (hall and may be lawful for all and every person and perfons, cdf  to whom any damped vellum, parchment, or paper, (hall have

others de-  been delivered in pursuance of this a61, bearing the date of the

livered on  delivery thereof, by the proper officer, in the manner herein-be-

certain conch- fore diredled, which (hall be inadvertently and undefignedly fpoiled, tlons*  obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use of the

purpofe intended, at any time within the fame calendar month in which such (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, (hall have been ‘ delivered, or within fifteen office days after the expiration of such calendar month, such time to be computed from the date of the „ delivery thereof, and as it lhall appear thereon to have been made, to bring or fend such (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, unto the said commissioners of the (lamp duties, at their head office, to be cancelled on the terms and regulations hereinafter mentioned; and in cafe no sum or sums of money, nor any name of any person as an afiurer or underwriter (hall be fub-feribed or underwritten thereon, then, upon either oath or affirmation made to the satisfaction of the said commiffioners, (which oath or affirmation the said commiffioners, or any one or more of them, are or is hereby authorised to admini-fter); or in cafe it (hall otherwise appear to the satisfaction of the said commiliioners that such (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, fo fpoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered

unfit

37

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georcii III. c. 63. unfit for the purpose intended, hath not been subscribed or under-written by any person or perfons, or ufcd for any other purpose, or in any other manner whatfoever, the said commiffioners, or their officers under them, are hereby required to cancel the fame, and to ftamp, or cause to be ftamped, for the use of the feverai persons to whom the said vellum, parchment, or paper, fo fpoiied or obliterated, or rendered unfit for ufe, had been previoufiy delivered, any quantity of other vellum, parchment, or paper, fit for the like ufes, with ftamps, amounting to the like value, and of the fame denomination; or any other denomination in this act mentioned, as may be required, and to mark the date and time of the delivery thereof, in the manner herein-before preferibed, without demandingortaking, directly or indireftly, for the fame, any sum of money, or other consideration whatfoever; or in cafe any sum or sums of money, and the name or names of any person or perfons, as such aflurers or underwriters refpeftively, (hall have been subscribed or underwritten on any such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, which Shall be brought to the said commiffioners, to be cancelled within ten office days after'the date of the fir ft of such fubferiptions thereon; and in cafe it Shall appear to the satisfaction of the said commiffioners, that such sums and names have been respectively subscribed or underwritten on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, of a different denomination or value than is required by this a 61 in respect of the sums fo subscribed ; and it (hall be proved upon oath or affirmation, as aforesaid, that the fame was occa-fioned through inadvertence or miftake, or that the fubferiptions thereon intended to have been obtained have not, from some just cause to be alleged, been completed to the amount of the sums allowed by this aft to be insured on such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper; and if in every such cafe the party or parties bringing such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, to be cancelled within the time last mentioned, (hall produce to the said commissioners another policy of insurance on vellum, parchment, or paper duly ftamped, and actually made out for the fame filtered, rifque, or adventure, with the policy fo brought to be cancelled; then, and in such cafes, the said commiffioners, or their officers, Shall have the like authority as aforesaid to cancel the policies fo brought as aforesaid, and to exchange the fame for other stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, with damps of the like value with the stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, fo cancelled, in the manner herein-before directed.

IX.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any such insurance Shall have been made Policies and subscribed as aforesaid, on any Ship or Ships bound on a voyage outwards from any port cr placGreat Britain? or any part. Share, or interest therein, or arising thereout, cr on any goods or merchandize laden on board such Ship or Ships, and the policy whereby such insurance Shall have been made, Shall be cancelled, brought to be cancelled within ten office days after the departure of such Ship or Ships from any such port or place in Great Britain, it Shall be lawful for the said commiffioners, in such cafe, to cause the fame to be cancelled in like manner, and under the like

brought within 10 office days after departure of veil'ds may be



powodgl

Where sums insured on homeward voyages, exceed the interest of the affured, to certain

238 Anno regni tficefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1795.

powers, as if such policy had been brought to be cancelled within ten office days from the date of the first subscription as before directed ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwith [landing.

X.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in cafe any inlurance {hall have been made on any goods or merchandize laden on board any (hip or {hips specifically named in the policy, on a voyage homewards to any port or place in Great Britain, and the sum insured thereby {hall be found to exceed the interest of the allured on which the risque attached on board such {hip or

amounts, the {hips fo named in the policy; and in cafe the separate interest of

commiffioners any perfon, or the joint interest of two or more persons allured

may make an jn fucff policy, {hall fall short of the sum insured on such account

allowance o ^ t^e sum Qf one thousand pounds or upwards, where the duty the Ramps on J . ,  .  n n ,  r, r , r ’ n ....  \

theexcds,&c. payable thereon lhall be at and alter the rate of one {hilling and

three-pence per centum^ or of live hundred pounds, or upwards, where the duty payable thereon lhall be at and after the rate of two {hill ings and sixpence per centum^ and upon due proof on oath or affirmation as aforesaid, to the fatisfablion of the said com-miffioners, or any one of them, of the value of the interest of such party or parties in the goods or merchandize on which the risque attached on board such (hip or {hips, and on prcdu&ion of the policy whereby such insurance was made, at any time within one calendar month after the landing the goods from on board such ship or {hips in Great Britain, and on due proof being made of the return of premium bona fide by the several underwriters or insurers on such policy, on account only of such short interest as aforesaid, and of the proportion of the premium fo returned, it lhall be lawful for the said commissioners to make an allowance to the allured of the stamps on such policy in refpebt of such part of the sums by him or them thereby infured, as lhall be found to exceed the interest of the said aftured in such policy, and to deliver other stamped paper of the like value in the manner hereinbefore direbted with refpebl to policies brought to be cancelled, provided that such policy of insurance be delivered to the said commiffioners, or their officers, to be cancelled, who are hereby authorised and required to cancel the fame ; and provided that the interest of the allured lhall not be valued in or by such policy fo brought to be cancelled as last aforefaid.

XI.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That every contract or agreement which shall be made or entered into for any infurance, in refpebl whereof any duty is by this abl made payable, lhall be engroffed, printed, or written, and lhall be deemed and called, A Policy of Infurance; and that the premium, or confederation in the nature of a premium, paid, given, or contracted for, upon such infurance, and the particular risque or

therein, or the adventure insured againft, together with the names of the fub-irifurance to feribersand underwriters, and sums infured, lhall be refpeblively expressed or specified in or upon such policy, and in default thereof every such insurance lhall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatever*.

XII.  And

Every centradl liable to duty under this a61 to be deemed a policy of infurance, and certain particulars to be c'xpreffed

be void.



1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quirito Georgii III. c. 63.  2,39

XII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That no policy of insurance upon any fhip, or upon any share No policy to or interest therein, {hall be made for any certain term longer  r

than twelve calendar months ; and every policy which shall be  ^  *

. made for any longer term, (hall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

XIII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this ail contained shall extend. Alterations in or be eonffrued to extend, to prohibit the making of any altera- the terms of tion which may lawfully be made in the terms or conditions °f mademider any policy of infurance, duly {lamped as aforesaid, after the fame certainreftric-fiiall have been underwritten, or to require any additional stamp tions-

duty by reason of such alteration, fo that,fuch alteration be made before notice of the determination of the risque originally infured, and the premium or consideration originally paid or contracted for, shall exceed the rate of ten shillings per centum on the sum infured, and fo that the thing insured shall remain the property of the fame person or perfons, and fo that such alteration shall not prolong the term insured beyond the period allowed by this ail, and fo that no additional or further sum shall be insured by reason or means of such alteration.

XIV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That no insurance made or entered into in Great Britain, in No contract refpebl whereof any duty is by this ail made payable, nor any f^vun^efs'^o contrail or agreement for such insurance as aforesaid, shall be perUrftamped, pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court, to be good, ufeful, or available, in law or equity, unleis the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such insurance shall be ingrofled, printed, or written, shall be {lamped with a lawful {lamp, to denote the rate or duty as by this a61 is direbled, or to denote fo-me higher rate or duty in this a 61 contained; and it nor shall not'be lawful for the Paid comrniffioners of the laid (lamp ^mped\ifter duties, or any of their officers, to {lamp any vellum, parch-contra# is ment or paper, with any If a nip directed to be provided or used printed or by virtue of this ail, at any time after any such insurance as afore- written there-faid, or contrail for such infurance, shall be engrcfled, printed,0'1’ or written thereon, under any pretence whatever.

XV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Perfons mak-That, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven ^nlePth* hundred and ninety-five, all and every person or persons who contract be shall make or effecl, or knowingly procure to be made or effected, properly any insurance whatever, in refpe6t whereof any duty is by this Ramped,

a£l made payable, or shall give or pay, or agree to give or pay, or render himself or herfelfliable to pay, any sum of money, premium, or consideration whatever, in the nature of a premium, for or upon any such insurance as is before mentioned, or shall enter into any contrail or agreement whatever, for any such insurance as is before mentioned, unless the fame infurance, contrail, and agreement for insurance relpeitively, shall be ingroffed, printed or written, on vellum, parchment, or paper, being first duly {lamped with a proper {lamp or {lamps as herein is directed, or with some {lamp or {lamps of higher denomination or value than

Hosted^Cbogle

240

and brokers, See. acting contrary to this adt, to forfeit 500I.

Brokerage, &c. not a legal charge unlel's the insurance be properly ftamped, &c.

Aflurers, unless infurance! be properly ftamped, &c. feo forfeit 5 ool

Anno regni tricesimo qulnto Georg 11 III. c. 63. [1795.

herein is dire£ted, shall for every suchoffence forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; and alfo, all and every the brokers, agents, feriveners, or other pe-rfons negociating or tranfadling any such insurance as is herein-before mentioned contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adl, or engroffing, printing, or writing, any agreement for any such insurances as is herein-before mentioned, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, before the fame vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon the fame shall be engroffed, printed, or written, be fo duly stamped as aforesaid, (hall also for every such offence forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

XVI.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it shall not be lawful for any broker, agent, ferivener, or other perfon, tranfadling, making, or negociating, any such insurance as is herein-before mentioned, to charge or fet against his employer or employers any sum of money for brokerage or agency, or for his pains or labour in tranfadling, making, or negociating, such infurance, or engroffing, printing, or writing the fame, or for any sum of money expended or paid by way of premium, or confideration, in the nature of a premium, for such infurance, unless the fame shall be engroffed, printed, or written, on vellum, parchment, or paper, duly stamped according to the diredlions of this adl, or upon vellum, parchment, or paper, stamped with a stamp or stamps of higher denomination or value than is by this act required, and all and every sum and sums whatever paid by such employer or employers on any such account to any broker, agent, ferivener, or other person aforesaid, tranfadling, making, or negociating, any insurance contrary to this adl, shall be deemed to be paid without confideration, and shall remain the property of such employer or employers, his, her, or their respective executors, adminiftrators, or affigns.

XVII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall become an affurer upon any such insurance as is herein-before mentioned, or fhali fubferibe or underwrite any

• such infurance, or shall receive or contract for any premium or consideration for any such infurance, or shall pay or allow in account, or agree to pay of allow in account, or otherwife, any sum or sums of money upon any lofs, peril, or contingency, relative to any such insurance as aforesaid, unless such insurance shall be engroffed, printed, or written, on vellum, parchment, or paper, duly stamped according to the diredlions of this adt, or if any person shall be concerned in any fraudulent contrivance or device, with intent to evade the duties by this act impofed, every such person fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds.

XVIII.  And tuberi’as it is cufomary for the purpose of making infurances, by the corporation of the London Affurance and The Royal Exchange Affurance, to prepare a label, ftp, or memorandum^ in writing, containing the heads of the insurance proposed to be made, from which label, flip, or memorandum, fgned by the person making, the insurance and the proper officer or officers of such corporations,

. policies of insurance have been afterwards ?nade as obligatory on the parties \ and ii 'would be attended with confidcrabk inconvenience to

\ require

 vjOO^ 1C

J 795O Anno regm tticefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63.’  241

require policies of insurance duly Jlamped to be in all cafes immediately

made out\ be it provided and further enacfted, That nothing herein The London

contained fhail extend to subject any of the members, officers,

or fervants, of such corporations, to any of the penalties by this change A(Tu-~

Ucft imposed for or by reason of their making any agreement to ranee not lia-

infure by any such label, flip, or memorandum, in writing, upon abletopenalty

undamped vellum, parchment, or paper, provided that in every ^or making

fuch cafe, the day on which such agreement fhail be made, (hall unftamped* if

be truly expressed in words at length on such label, flip, or me- policies be

morandum, and a policy of insurance according to the agreement made out and

expreffed in such label, Hip, or memorandum, (hall be made out damped, Sic.

according to one of the forms in the schedule to this act annexed,

and duly executed and damped within three office days from the

time of making such agreement as aforefaid.

XIX.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That one moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby Application imposed (except where other provisions are hereby expressly made)

(hall (if sued for within the space of fix calendar months from the months. time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof.

With full costs of luit, to the person or persons who fhail inform or sue for the fame within the time aforesaid, and which fhail and may be sued for in his Majesty’s court of exchequer at Weflmin-Jler, for offences committed in England, and in his Majesty’s court of exchequer at Edinburgh, for offences committed in Scotland, by adiion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhail be allowed.

XX.  Provided always, and be it further enadted, That in de- How penalties fault of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no such ^hhi^he^ penalty or forfeiture fnall be afterwards recoverable, except in the mjtecj t[me name of his Majesty’s attorney general in England, or advocate may be recoin Scotland, by information in the respective courts aforesaid, in vered and ap-Which cafe the whole of such penalty or forfeiture fhail belong to phed.

his Majesty, his heirs and successors \ and that all penalties and forfeitures, and (hares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, fnall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of his Majesty’s (lamp duties for the time being ; and that in all cafes where the whole of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures fhail be recovered to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, it (hall be lawful for the said commissioners to cause such reward as they fhail think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalties or forfeitures fo recovered, after deducing all charges and expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any person or persons who fhail appear to them to be entitled thereto either as difeoverers or informers, in refpetft to such penalties or forfeitures fo recovered $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Vol. XL.  R  That

24Z Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1795.

Profecutions That in cafe any prosecution (hall be commenced by any person incurred with- or Per^ons f°r recovery of any penalty or forfeiture, penalties out intention or forfeitures, incurred by virtue of this adl, it (hall and may be of fraud may lawful for his Majesty’s attorney general in England, or advocate beilopt. in

Scotland, in cafe it shall appear to their fatisfadfion refpeddively that such penalty or forfeiture, penalties or forfeitures, was or were incurred without any intention of fraud, to flop all further proceedings on every such profecution, as well with refpedd to the (hare of such penalty or forfeiture, penalties or forfeitures, to which any such person may claim to be entitled, as to the (hare thereof belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon such terms neverthelefs, as to costs and otherwife, as such attorney general or advocate (hall think reafonable.

XXII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Powers of for- That all powers, provifiorfs, articles, claufes, allowances on pre-hi^o^ftam^s" ^ent PaYment °f t^e duties, and all other matters and things pre-tcfe^en^to bribed and appointed by any former add or adds of parliament re-thisadt. lating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (and not hereby altered), shall (as far as the fame are applicable) be of full force and effedd, with relation to the duties hereby impofed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raifing, levying, collecting, and fecuring, the said duties hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this add,' as fully and efteddually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had feve-rally and refpeddively been hereby re-enadded, with relation to the said duties hereby impofed.

XXIIL And be it further enadded by the authority aforesaid, tofcidr)001311"  if  any  person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be

fUmps^&c. to counterfeited or forged, any stamp or mark, diredded or allowed suffer death, to he used or provided, made, or ufed, in pursuance of this add for the purpose of denoting any of the duties by this add granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the imprefilon of the fame upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with intention to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the said duties, or shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to fale, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to the said duties, with such counterfeit mark or imprefiion thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or shall privately or fraudulently use any stamp or mark, diredded or y  allowed to be used by this add, with intent to defraud his Majesty*

his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the said duties, every person fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convidled, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

XXIV. And be it further enadded by the authority aforefaid. From July 5, That from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven duties to cease huncired anc* ninety-five, upon all and every policies and policy of * infurance, upon which any duty is hereby impofed, and which shall be duly stamped in pursuance of this add, all the former duties on fdamped vellum, parchment, or paper, which, by any add or adls of parliament in force at and immediately before the

paffing



*795*] -Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63*  243

paffing of this a£l, were, or were deemed, taken, or adjudged, to be payable on or in refpe6l of policies of infurance, shall cease and determine, and be no. longer paid or payable*

XXV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That all the said duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from duties to be time to time, into the hands of the receiver general for the time Pa,d.to being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, neral\>fftamp who shall p&y the fame (the neceffiary charges of railing and ac- duties, and by-counting for the fame being deduced) into the receipt of the him into the exchequer at Weftminfler, at such time and in such manner as exchequer, other duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are di-refted to be paid; and the said money fo paid into the said receipt ■ as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made part of, the confoli-dated fund.

XXVI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Duties to be

aforefaid, That the monies arifing, or to arife, of the several rates deemed an

or duties hereby granted, or fo much thereof as shall be fufficient, addition to y >.  # '  ^  -the revenue

fhall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose for defraying

of defraying the increased charge occaftoned by any loan made, the increased or flock to be created, by virtue of any a£t or acts to be palled in charge occa-this session of parliament; and that the said monies fhall, during the space of ten years next enfuing, ,be paid into the said receipt fefplon distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues ; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said ‘ receipt, fhalj, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties,  _

granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, on any account whatever.

SCHEDULE

To which this a£l refers.

£• 500.

•---------S.  IN  the  name  of  God, Amen.

Delivered the  as well in  own name, as for and in the

day of  name and names of all and every other perfons

J to whom the fame doth, may, or fhall,. apper~ tain, in part or in all, doth make aflurance, and cause and them, and every of them, to be infured, loft or not loft, at

r 2  and

*44

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c, 63. [1795.

and from  upon  the body, tackle, apparel*

ordnance, munition, artillery, boat, or other furniture, of and in the good ship or vessel called The  whereof  is

mafter, under God, for this present voyage,  or

whofoever elfe (hall go for master in the laid fhip, or by what-foever other name or names the fame fhip, or the master thereof, is or shall be named or called : beginning the adventure upon the said fhip, £ffr. from and immediately following  and

fo shall continue and endure until the said fhip, with the said tackle, apparel, &c. shall be arrived at  and  there

hath moored at anchor twenty-four hours in good safety : and it shall be lawful for the said ship in this voyage to proceed and fail to and touch and stay at any port or places whatsoever without prejudice to this insurance ; the said fhip, &c. for fo much as concerns the aftiireds, is and shall be valued at Touching the adventures and perils which we the affurers are contented to bear and do take upon us in this voyage, they are, of the feas, men of war, fire, enemies, pirates, rovers, thieves, jettifons, letters of mart and countermart, furprizals, takings at lea, arrefts, reftraints, and detainments of all kings, princes, and people, of what nation, condition, or quality foever, barretry of the master and mariners, and of all other perils, Ioffes, and mif-fortunes, that have or shall come to the hurt, detriment, or damage, of the said fhip, &c. or any part thereof: and in cafe of any loss or misfortune, it shall be lawful to the aftureds, their factors, fervants, and afligns, to fue, labour, and travel, for in, and about, the defence, fafeguard, and recovery, of the said fhip, &c, or any part thereof, without prejudice to this infurance, to the charges whereof we the affurers will contribute each one according to the rate and quantity of his sum herein allured : and it is further agreed by us the infurers, that this writing or policy of assurance shall be of as much force and effect as the furelt writing or policy of assurance heretofore made in Lombard Street, or in the Royal Exchange, or elsewhere in London : and fo we the affurers are contented, and do hereby promise and bind ourfelves, each one for his own part, our heirs, executors, and goods, to the affureds, their executors, adminiftrators, and alfigns, for the true performance of the premifes, confefting ourselves paid the con-iideration, due unto us for this assurance by the allured at and after the rate of

In witness whereof we the alfurers have fubferibed our names and Turns allured in London.

N. B. The ship and freight warranted free from average under three pounds per tent, unless genera), or the ship be ftranded.

£• IjOOO.

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. £■ i,ooo. ■) T

----------G.  IAN  the name of God, Amen.

delivered the r as well in  own name, as for and

day of  I  in the name and names of all and every other

J person or persons to whom the fame doth, may, or fhall, appertain, in part or in all, doth make aflurance, and cause  and them, and every of them, to be

infured, loft or not loft, at and from

upon any kind of goods and merchandizes whatfoever, loaden or to be loaden aboard the good {hip or vessel called The whereof is mafter, under God, for this present voyage,

or whosoever elfe (hall go for master in the said fhip, or by whatsoever other name or names the fame fhip, or the master thereof, is or (hall be named or called : beginning the adventure upon the said goods and merchandizes from and immediately following the loading thereof aboard the said fhip

and fo shall continue and endure until the said fhip, with the said goods and merchandizes whatfoever, shall be arrived at  and the fame there safely landed : and it

fhall be lawful for the said fhip, in this voyage, to flop and stay at any ports or places whatsoever  without  prejudice

to this insurance ; the said goods and merchandizes, by agreement, are and shall be valued at  Touching

the adventures and perils which we the affurers are contented to bear, and do take upon us in this voyage, they are, of the feas, men of war, fire, enemies, pirates, rovers, thieves, jettifons, letters of mart and countermart, furprizals, takings at fea, arrefts, reftraints, and detainments of all kings, princes, and people, of what nation, condition, or quality foever, barretry of the master and mariners, and of all other perils, Ioffes, and misfortunes, that have or shall come to the hurt, detriment, or damage, of the said goods and merchandizes, or any part thereof: and in cafe of any loss or misfortune it shall be lawful to the affureds, their fadfors, fervants, and aftigns, to fue, labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the defence, fafeguard, and recovery, of the said goods and merchandizes, or any part thereof, without prejudice to this infurance, to the charges whereof we the affurers will contribute each one according to the rate and quantity of his sum herein assured : and it is agreed by us the infurers, that this writing or policy of af-furanee shall be of as much force and effedf as the surest writing or policy of assurance heretofore made in Lo?nbard Street, or in the Royal Exchange, or elfe where in London: and fo we the affurers are contented, and do hereby promise and bind ourfelves, each one for his own part, our heirs, executors, and goods, to the affureds, their executors, adminiftrators, and afftgns, for the true performance of the premifes, confessing ourselves paid the conft-deration due unto us for this assurance by the assured at and after the rate of

In witness whereof we the affurers have fubferibed our names and sums assured in London,

& 3  iV.  B. Cot iiv

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1795*

* N. B. Corn, fifh, fait, fruit, flour, and feed, are warranted free from average, unless general, or the'(hip be ftrandedj— fugar, tobacco, hemp, flax, hides, and.fkins, are warranted free from average under five pounds per cent.; and all other goods free from average under three, pounds per cent. un-lefs general, pr the ship be ftranded.

£. ro,ooo.

-S. G.

delivered the day of

.N the name of God, Amen. as well in  own  name  as for and

in the name and names of all and every other person or persons to whom the farhe doth, may, or (hall, appertain, in part or in all, doth make afiurance, and cause  and  them, and every of them, to be

infured, loft or not loft, at and from

upon any kind of goods and merchandizes, and also upon the body, tackle, apparel, ordnance, munition, artillery, boat, and other furniture, of and in the good ship or vessel called The whereof ismafter, under God, for this present voyage

or whosoever elfe {hall go for mailer in the said (hip, or by whatsoever other name or names the fame fhip, or the mailer thereof, is or shall be named or called: beginning the adventure upon the said goods and merchandizes from the loading thereof aboard the said ship  upon

the said fhip, &c.  and

fo shall continue and endure during her abode there, upon the said fhip, &c. : and further, until the said fhip, with all her ordnance, tackle, apparel, &c, and goods and merchandizes whatfoever, shall be arrived at  upon

the said fhip, &c. until she hath moored at anchor twenty-four hours in good fafety, and upon the goods and merchandizes until the fame be there discharged and safely landed: and it shall be lawful for the said fhip, &c, in this voyage, to proceed and fail to find touch and stay at any ports or places whatsoever *

without prejudice to this infurance; the said fhip, &c. goods and merchandizes, &c. for fo much as concerns the af-fureds, by agreement between the aflureds and affurers, in this policy, are and shall be valued at

touching the adventures and perils which we the affurers are con-- tended to bear and do take upon us in this voyage, they are, of the feas, men of war, fire, enemies, pirates, rovers, thieves, jetti-fons, letters of mart and countermart, furprizals, takings at fea, ar-refts, reftraints, and detainments of all kings, princes, and people, of what nation, condition, or quality' focver, barretry of the master and mariners, and of all other perils, Ioffes, and misfortunes, that have or {hall come to the hurt, detriment, or damage, of the said goods and merchandizes, and fhip, &c. or any part thereof] and in cafe of any lqfs or misfortune it shall be lawful

to

1795-1 Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63.

to the aflureds, their fadtors, fervants, and afligns, to fue, labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the defence, fafeguard, and recovery, of the said goods and merchandizes, and (hip, &c, or any part thereof, without prejudice to this infurance, to the charges whereof we the affurers will contribute each one according to the rate-and quantity of his sum herein allured : and it is agreed by us the insurers that this writing or policy of alTurance shall be of as much force and effect as the surest writing or policy of alfurance heretofore made in Lombard Street, or in the Royal Exchange, or elsewhere in London: and fo we the affurers are contented, and do hereby promise and bind ourfelves, each one for his own part, our heirs, executors, and goods, to the aflureds, their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, for the true performance of the premifes, confelfing ourselves paid the confidera-tion due unto us for this alfurance by the assured at and after the rate of

In witness whereof we the affurers have subscribed our names and Turns assured in London,

N, B, Corn, fifh, fait, fruit, flour and feed, are warranted free from average, unless genera), or the (hip be branded ;—fugar, tobacco, hemp, flax, hides, and fkins, are warranted free from average under five pounds -per cent,; and all other goods, also the ship and freight, are warranted free of average under three pounds per cent. unless gene^ ral, or the ship be ftranded.

SHIP and GOODS.

London AlTurance Houfe,

N°  N°  in London.

By the Governor and Company of the London AlTurance.

In the name of God, Amen,

as well in  own  name  as  for and in the name and names

of all and every other person or persons to whom the fame doth, may, or fhall, appertain, in part or in all, doth make aflurance, and caufeth  and them, and every of them,

to be affured, loft or not loft, at and from

upon any kind of goods and merchandizes whatsoever ; and also upon the body, tackle, apparel, ordnance, munition, artillery, boat, and other furniture, of and in the good ship or vessel called !The  whereof is mafter, under God, for this

prefent voyage  or  whoever  elfe  shall  go

for master in the said ship or veflel, or by whatsoever other name or names the said ship or veflel, or the master thereof, is or fhall

R 4  be

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1795.

be named or called : beginning the adventure upon the said goods and merchandizes from and immediately following the loading thereof aboard the said {hip or velfel at  and  upon

the said ship or veflel, &c.  and  fo  {hall  con-

tinue and endure during he/ abode there, upon the said ship or veflel, &c. ; and farther, until the said ship or veflel, with all her ordnance, tackle, apparel, &c. and goods and merchandizes what-foever, (hall be arrived at  and  upon  the  faid

(hip or veflel, &c. until flic hath moored at anchor twenty-four hours in good fafety, and upon the goods and merchandizes, until the fame be there safely discharged and landed : and it {hall be lawful for the said ship or veflel, &c. in this voyage, to proceed and fail to, and touch and flay at, any ports or places whatsoever  without  prejudice  to  this aflurance, the said (hip or

veflel, &c, goods and merchandizes, &c. for fo much as concerns the aflureds, (by agreement between the aflureds and the London aflurance), are and shall be rated and valued at without farther or other account to be given by the aflureds for the fame. Touching the adventures and perils, which the said London assurance are contented to bear and do take upon them in this voyage, they are, of the feas, men of war, fire, enemies, pirates, rovers, thieves, jettifons, letters of mart and countermart, furprifals, takings at fea, arrefts, reftraints, and detainments of all kings, princes, and people, of what nation, condition, or quality foever, barretry of the mafler and mariners, and of all other perils, lofles, and misfortunes, that have or shall come to the hurt, detriment, or damage, of the said goods and merchandizes, and ship or veflel, &c. or any part thereof: and in cafe of any loss or misfortune it shall be lawful to the aflureds, their factors, Servants, and afligns, to fue, labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the defence, fafeguard, and recovery, of the said goods, merchandizes, and {hip or veflel, &c. or any part thereof, without prejudice to this aflurance, to the charges whereof the said London assurance will contribute according to the rate and quantity of the sum herein assured : and it is agreed that this writing or policy of assurance {hall be of as much force and effect as the furefl: writing or policy of assurance heretofore made in Lombard Street, or in the Royal Exchange, or elsewhere in London: and fo the said Lon-don assurance are contented, and do hereby promise and bind themselves and their successors to • the aflureds, their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, for the true performance of the premiles, confessing themselves paid the consideration due unto them for this assurance by the aflured, at and after the rate of

per cent. In witness whereof the said London assurance have caused their common feal to be hereunto affixed, and the sum or sums by them assured to be hereunder written, at their office in London, this  day  of  in the

year of the reign of our sovereign lord  by

the grace God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, and in the year of our Lord

Free

1795’] Annoregm tricefuno quinto Georgii III. c. 63.

Free from all average on corn, flour, fruit, fifh, frit, and feeds, except general.

Free from average on fugar, rum, hides, ikins, hemp, flax,, and tobacco, under five pounds per cent. ; and on all other goods, and (hip, under three pounds per cent. except general.

The said governor and company are content with this af-furanee for

S.G. 7 S. G. N°

Nc J L

By the Corporation of the Royal Exchange Afiurance.

In the name of God, Amen.

as well in  own name as for and in the name and names of

all and every other person or persons to whom the fame doth, may, or {hall, appertain, in part or in all, doth make afiurance, and caufeth  and  them, and every of them, to

be allured, loft or not loft,  upon

any kind of goods and merchandizes whatfoever, loaden or to be loaden, and also upon the body, tackle, apparel, ordnance, munition, artillery, boat, and other furniture, of and in the good fhipor vessel called The  burthen,  or  thereabouts,

whereof is matter, under God, for this present voyage

or whosoever elfe (hall go for matter in the said {hip, or by whatsoever other name or names the fame ship or the matter thereof is or {hall be named or called : beginning the adventure upon the said goods and merchandizes from and immediately following the loading thereof on board the said ship and upon the said fhip,  and  fo  (hall  continue

and endure during her abode there upon the said fhip, &c. and further until the said fhip, with all her ordnance, tackle, apparel, &c. and goods and merchandizes whatfoever, {hall be arrived at  upon  the  said  fhip, &c. until {he hath there

moored at anchor twenty-four hours in good fafety, and upon the goods and merchandizes, until the fame be there discharged and safely landed : and it {hall be lawful for the laid fhip, &c. in this voyage, to proceed and fail to, and touch and stay at, any ports or places vyhatfoever, without prejudice to this affix ranee the said ship &c. goods and merchandizes, &c, for fo much as concerns the aflureds, (by agreement made between the aflureds and the said corporation in this policy), are and ihall be rated and valued at  fterling,  without  farther account to be given

by the aflureds for the fame. Touching the adventures and perils which the said corporation are contented to bear and do take upon them in this voyage, they are, of the feas, men of war, fire, enemies, pirates, rovers, thieves, jettifons, letters of mart and countermart, furprifals, takings at fea, arrefts, reftraints, and detainments of all kings, princes, and people, of what nation, condition, or quality foever, barretry of the matter and mariners,

and

25^ Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 64. [1795.

and of all other perils, Ioffes, and misfortunes, that have or fhal] come to the hurt, detriment, or damage, of the said goods and merchandizes, and fhip, &c. or any part thereof: and in cafe of any loss or misfortune it (hall be lawful to the affureds, their fadbors, fervants, and afligns, to fue, labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the defence, fafeguard, and recovery, of the said goods and merchandizes, and fhip, &c. (or any part thereof), without prejudice to this affurance, to the charges whereof the said corporation will contribute according to the rate and quantity of the sum herein allured : and it is agreed by the said corporation that this writing or policy of assurance {hall be of as much force and effect as the surest writing or policy of affurance. heretofore made in Lombard Street; or in the Royal Exchange, or elfe where in London : and fo the said corporation are contented, and do hereby promise and bind themselves and their successors to the affureds, their executors, adminiflrators, and afligns, for the true performance of the premifes, confessing themselves paid the consideration due unto them for this assurance by  at  and  after the

rate of  per  cent1 In witness whereof the faid

corporation have caused their common feal to be hereunto affixed, and the sum or fumS by them assured to be hereunder written, at their office in the Royal Exchange of London this day of  in  the  year  of  the

reign of our sovereign lord  by  the  grace of

God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &ct and in the year of our Lord

The said corporation are content with this assurance for

Free from all average on corn, flour, flfn, fait, fruit, feed, hides, and tobacco, unless general, or otherwise specially agreed.

Free from average on fugar^ rum, fkins, hemp, and flax, under five per cent.; and on all other goods, and on {hip, under three per cent. except general.

Preamble. Ivluntiny act. recited.'

k

By order cf the court of directors.

CAP. LX1V.

An aft for encreafmg the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering foldiers, for a limited time.**-[May ig, J795-]

J H E R E A S by the aft of parliament now in force for punifh-ing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, certain rates are ejlablijhedin that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, for the payment of innholders and others on w\)om non-comtnijfioned officers and private soldiers are quartered and billetted, who fall be furnijhecl with diet and small beer at their quarters ; and an option is given to such innholders and other to furnifi certain articles gratis, in lieu of diet and small leer, at the

rates



I795- Anno regni tricesimo quinto Geokgii III. c. 64.  251

rates preferibed: and whereas the occofion of marching and quartering of troops has encreafed, and may continue, and the rules preferibed for furnishing soldiers with necejfaries are, in many injlances, become, from the high price of provifons, inadequate,  are productive of clijirefs to

fuch innholders and others: may it therefore please your Majeffiy that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the paf- Non-commiffing of this act, and during the continuance thereof, every non- h°ned officers commissioned officer and private soldier who shall be furnished ailov^iotTper with diet and small beer within the aforesaid part of Great Britain, diem for diet by the innholders or other persons on whom such non-commif- and final] beer fioned officers or private soldiers shall be quartered and billetted II1 cluarffrsin by virtue of the said adt now in force, or by virtue of any adt which may hereafter be in force, for punifhmg mutiny and de-fertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, shall pay and allow for. the fame ten-pence per diem \ and that the accounts of the fame fhaii be rendered, and payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed in the said act now in force touching the former rates of iixpence per diem for the cavalry, and four-pence per diem for the infantry.

If. And be it further enacted. That in cafe any innholders or and for arti-other persons on whom any non-commiffioned officers or private cles which men shall be quartered, fhall, by virtue of the said option in the said adt, furnish such non-commiffioned officers or soldiers with in lieu thereof, the articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furnishing diet and sd. per diem small beer, at the rates preferibed by this adt, such innholders or to be allowed, other persons on whom such non-commiffioned officers or soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said articles shall have been lo fupplied, shall receive, in consideration thereof, two-pence per diem for each non-commiffioned officer and foldier, inilead of furnishing the fame gratis, as required by the said act* which sum of two-pence per diem shall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is directed touching the rates aforefaid.

III,  And be it further enadted, That the sum to be paid to the For horses innholder or other perfon, on whom any of the horses belonging

to his said Majeffiy’s forces shall be quartered by virtue of the diem to be** said adt, for hay and ftraw, fhall, from and after the passing of paid for hay this act, and during the continuance thereof, be ten-pence half- and ftraw. penny per diem for each horfe, inffiead of iixpence per diem as directed in the said adt.

IV.  /hid whereas the provifons contained in the fa-cl recited abi,

with refpeci to the manner of dieting non-commij/ioned officers and So much of re-foldiers on a march, or employed in recruiting, and Ukewife the recruits a(^c 3S by them raifed, have been productive of much inconvenience, as well to  with1*

the troops as the innholders; be it furtherenadted, That fo much of dietnon-com-the said recited adt as relates to the manner ot furnishing non- mifiionedoffi-

commiffioned officers and soldiers on a march, or employed in Clrrs and lo^

___________ __  j  T.*t.,.„:^  .1_______u.,   :r„o  i  j:____to on a

march or recruiting, re-V, And pealed.

recruiting, arid like wile the recruits by them raifed, with diet or pther provifion, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.



252, Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65. [1795.

Regulation V. .And be it further enacted, That all non-commiffione^ dietin^no^t0 °®cers an<^ soldiers ihall, during the continuance of this a6l*, be commissioned entitled to receive their diet and small beer from the innholders or other persons on whom they may be billetted, at the rates herein-before prefcribed, while on the march, as also on and for the day of their arrival at the place of their final deftination, and on the two subsequent days, unless either of the two subsequent days ihall be a market day in and for the town or place where such officers or foidiers Ihall be billetted, or within the distance of two miles thereof, in which cafe it Ihall and may be lawful for the innholder, or other person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such market day, the supply of diet and small beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the articles in the laid recited a61 fpecified, and at the rate berein-before prescribed : provided always, that if any regimen:, troop, company, or detachment, when on the march, Ihall be halted, either for a limited or indefinite time, at any intermediate place, the non-commiffioned officers and foidiers belonging thereto flu all be entitled to receive their diet and small beer from the persons on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate place, for such time only for which they would be entitled to receive the fame after arriving at the place of their final deftination, according to this a6t. and recruiting VI. And be it further enacted, That all non-commiffioned parties and officers and private men employed in recruiting, and the recruits recruits  them  railed,  Ihall, while on the march, and for two days after

the day of their arrival at any recruiting Ration, be entitled to the fame benefits as is herein-before provided in regard to troops upon the march ; but no recruit enlisted after the two days subsequent to the arrival of the party at their recruiting Ration, Ihall be entitled to be supplied with diet and small beer at the rate herein-before prefcribed, except at the option of the person on whom he Ihall be quartered : provided also neverthelefs, that in cafe any such recruiting party, with the recruits by them raifed, {hall remove from their Ration, and after a time Ihall return to the fame place, they, and the recruits bv them railed, fo returning, (hall not be again entitled to the supply of diet and small beer for such two days as aforesaid, unless the period between the time of their removal from such place, and their return thereto, Ihall have exceeded twenty-eight days.

Continuance VIE And be it further enadled, That this a61 Ihall have con-°^dC *  tinuance  until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand feven

hundred and ninety-fix.

CAP. LXV.

An aft to prevent unncejfary delay in the execution of writs, for the election of members to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland.—[May 19, 1795.]

officers and foidiers on their march;

Preamble.

L

WHEREAS the execution of writs of election of ?ne?nbers to serve for the commons in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, has often been improperly delayed3 for remedy

whereof.

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. g.  253

whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enaded; and be it enacted by the King’s rnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the sheriff or flewart depute or fub- Sheriffs de-flitute of any county or ftewartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^fhzW, within fix free days after receiving the writ or aired within writs for the election of members to serve in parliament, direct fix days after the notices required by law to be given as to the time and place receiving the of election of a member for such county or ftewartry; and that writs, the no -the day of election appointed by the sheriff shall not be looner to^be givenfor than fix free days, nor later than fifteen days after the day of elections of publication at the church doors.  members &c.

II.  And whereas doubts have been entertained by whom the writs for election of members to serve for the commons in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, should be received and executed when there happens to be a principal or high Jheriffi or fteiv-art appointed by his Majesty in any county or ftewartry as well as a Jherijf depute or flewart depute, whose conmiffiion is also derived from the crown, and is ad vitam aut culpam, in respect that, by an aft, pajfed in the tiventieth year of his late Majejly, for taking aiuay and abolijhing the heritable jur if dictions, these offices, and the poivers and authorities belonging to them, were essentially changed; for remedy thereof, and to remove such doubts, be it enaded, That, upon

iffuing of any writ or writs for the election of a member or mem- putes^&cf or bers to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called jn their ab-jScotland, the said writ or writs (hall be forthwith forwarded and fence their delivered to the sheriff depute, or flewart depute, or to the fub- fubfhtutes, to ftitute of each, and the principal or high fheriff*, or flewart, fti^ft'execu^wits not officiate either in receiving or in executing the writ, the for eledions. whole of this duty being entrusted to the sheriff depute, or flewart depute, or in cafe of abfence, to the fubffitute of each, and to no other person whatfoever.

III.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if

any fheriff* or flewart depute or fubffitute shall wilfully refufe, lHltes Szc. negled, or delay, to do or perform what is hereby required of for neglect of him in any of the particulars aforesaid, he fhall, for every offence, duty; forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds fferling, one half to the person who shall sue for the fame, and the other half to his Majesty, to be sued for and recovered in the manner directed by an ad of the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An aft to explain and amend the laws touching the election of members to serve for the commons in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland ; and to refrain the partiality, and regulate the conduft, of returning officers at such elections.

IV.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any and on high principal or high sheriff or flewart, or any perfon, other than the f0rVnterfJrine sheriff or flewart depute, or the substitute of each, shall presume in the execu-in any respect to interfere, or take upon himself the execution of tion of writs, writs of election of members to serve in parliament for that part

of



254 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgxi III. c. 66, [1795.

of Great Britain called Scotland, every such person fo offending in any particular, fhall, for every offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one thousand pounds fterling, one half to the person who shall sue for the fame, and the other half to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, to be fuea for and recovered in the manner directed by an adlof the sixteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An aft to explain and amend the laws touching the election of members to serve for the commons in parliament for that part of G reat Britain called Scotland ; and to refrain the partiality, and regulate the conduft, of returning officers at such elections*, and further, the person convicted on any fuit shall thereby become disabled and incapable of ever bearing or executing any office or place of trust whatsoever under his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Limitation of aforesaid, That every action or fuit for any offence against this adtions. add, shall be commenced within twelve months after commiffion

of the fact on which the fame is grounded, or within twelve months after the conclusion of any proceedings in the house of commons relating to such election.

VI.  And whereas the several paris churches in the fewartry of Writs for the 'Orkney and Zetland are Jituated upon ifiands, detached and difficult

of accefs; be it therefore enadted. That the writ for the election of a member to serve in parliament for the said ftewartry shall be published at the town of Kirkwall, and the twelve parifn churches in the island of Pomona, or the main land of Orkney only.

CAP. LXVI.

An a ft for making part of certain principal ferns or flock and annuities raised or created, or to be raised or created, by the parliament of the kingdom of Ireland, on loans, for the use of the government of that kingdom, transferable, and the dividends on juch flock and amiuities payable, at the bank of England ; and for the better fe-curity of the proprietors of such flocks and annuities, and of the governor and company of the bank of England.—[May 19, 1795.]

election ot members for Orkney and Zetland where to be publifhed.

Preamble,

Adt of the parliament of Ireland of 34 Geo, 3. and

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament of the kingdom of Ireland, made and paffecl in the thirty fourth year of his Ma'jefiy* s reign, intituled, An adl for securing the payment of the annuities and of the interest upon the principal sums therein provided, for and towards the discharge of such principal sums in such manner as therein is directed; and for enabling the officers of his Ma-jefty’s treasury to receive certain fums, for a limited time, in manner therein mentioned; and for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for ap-plying a certain sum of money therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and for other purposes ; it ivas among other things enafted, that it Jhould be lawful to raise on loan the feveralfums of nine hundred thousand pounds^ and one hundred and twenty-nine thousand fix hundred and fifty pounds;

and

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 66.

and that for fo much of the said sums as Jhould he actually paid by any person or persons into the receipt of his Majejly*s exchequer of that kingdom upon loan, by debentures bearing interejl after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, or upon loan by debentures bearing interejl after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, there Jhould be paid., at the receipt of his MajeJIJ s exchequer of that kingdom, at the end of every fix calendar months, to the person or persons fo paying or lending the fame, his, her, or their executors, ad minifir ators, or ajjigns, such interejl, not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and four pounds per centum per annum refpeftively, and to commence from such time or times as Jhould be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or'governors of that kingdom for the time beings without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions zvhatfoever, until such time as they Jhould be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment: and it wasfurther enacted, that it Jhould be lawfulfor the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of that kingdom for the time being, to appoint to be paid to such person or persons who Jhould subscribe on loan by debentures at the respective rates of interejl aforesaid, such respective annuities, andfor such terms of years respectively as therein mentioned: and it was further enafted., that it Jhould be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of that kingdom for the time being, from time to time to appoint one or more person or persons to pay, in the city of London, the interejl by that aft to be payable on any sum or sums by that aft authorised to be raised and borrowed, and to pay such annuities as might by that aft be grant- y jed to effeftuate the raising of any such sum or fums, such interejl and annuities to be paid for such sums as Jhould be fubferibed, andfor which the person or persons fubferibing Jhould, at the time of paying the fu?n or sums Jubfcribed for, declare his or their intention of receiving i7i London the interejl thereof and the annuities thereupon, which interejl and annuities Jhould be paid zvithout any deduction or charge whatsoever for exchange or otherwife: and whereas by another aft of parliament of the said kingdom of Ireland, ?nadey and paffied in the thirty-fifth year of his Majejly's reign, intituled,, An a61 for securing the 35 Geo. payment of the annuities, and of the interest upon the principal sums recited, therein provided, for and towards the discharge of such principal fums, in such manner as therein is directed ; and for enabling the officers of his Majesty’s treasury to receive certain fums, for a limited time, in manner therein mentioned; and for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying a certain sum therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and for other purpoles; reciting, among other things, that, towards ejfeftuating the raising of the sum of one million and twenty-nine thousand fix hundred and fifty pounds, by the said former aft authorised to be raised and borrowed, annuities of twenty Jhillings by the year, for each sum of one hundred pounds, for fifteen years from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety- four, had, i?i pursuance of the said former aft, been appointed to be paid to the persons who fub-feribed to the fame, which annuities amounted to the sum of ten

thousand

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 66. [1795.

thousand two hundred and ninety-fix pounds and ten fillings: and that the persons entitled to nine thousand and one hundred pounds there-of had, pursuant to the said former aft, declared their intention of receiving the fame in London, it was enabled\ that for the fever al principal sums therein mentioned, including in particular the said fun of one million and twenty-nine thousand fix hundred and fifty pounds, borrowed in pursuance of the said former aft upon, or secured by, debentures hearing an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per* annum, and which Jhould remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there Jhould be paid, at the receipt of his Majejly's exchequer in the kingdom of Ireland, or by the person or persons appointed in the city of London for the payment offitch inter eft as Jhould be there payable in purfiiance of the said former aft, at the end of every fix calendar months, to be computedfrom the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to the person or persons ivbo paid or lent, or Jhould have become entitled to the fame refpeftively, his, her, or their executors, adminifirators, or affigns, an interest at the respective rates therein mentioned, according to the tenor of finch debentures refpeftively, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions wbatfoever, untilfuch time as they Jhould be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment: and it was by the said aft of the thirty fifth year of his Majefly's reign further enafted, that it Jhould be lawful to raise on loan the sum of one million five hundred and ninety-one thousand fix hundred and Jixty-fix pounds thirteen Jhillings and four-pence, and that for fo much of the said lafl mentioned sum as Jhould be actually paid by any person or perjons into the receipt of his Majefly's exchequer of that kingdom, upon loans by debentures bearing interejl after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, there Jhould be paid at the receipt of his Majefly's exchequer in that kingdom, at the end of every fix calendar months, to the person or perjons fo paying or lending the fame, his, her, or their executors, adminifirators, or ajfigns,fuch interest not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and to commence from such time or times as Jhould be agreed upon by the commijjioncrs of his Majefly's Ireafury in that kingdom, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer of that kingdom, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant or other chief' governor or governors of that kingdom, for the time being, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatjoever, until such time as they Jhould be rejpeftively paid their principal money at one entire payment: and it was, by the said aft of the thirty-fifth year of his Majefly's reign, further enafted, that for fo much of the said sum of one million five hundred and ninety-one thousand fix hundred and Jixty-fix pounds thirteen Jhillings and four-pence, as Jhould he actually paid by any person or persons in England, the use of the government of the kingdom of Ireland, there Jhould he paid at the bank of England, to the person or persons fo paying or lending the f ame, his, her, or their executors, adminifirators, and affigns, such inter e/I, not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and to commence from such time or times as Jhould be agreed upon by the commijfionefs of his Majefly's ireafury of Ireland, or any three 9  Qr

*795-1 Anno regni tricefnno quinto Georgxi III. c. 66

or ?nore of the?n, or the lord high treasurer of that kingdom, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of that kingdom for the time beings without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whaifoever, until fuck time as they should respectively be paid their principal money at one entire payment : and the said aft of the thirty-ffth year of his Majefiy's reign, further reciting, that, in order to effcftuate the raising of the said sum of one million five hundred and ninety-one thousand fix hundred and fixty-fix pounds thirteen fillings and four-pence, or such part thereof as might be wanting, it jnight be necessary to grant annuities for certain terms of years to the peifons fubferibing to a loan on debentures, or fubferibing to fock at the bank of England, in cafe the governor and company of the said bank should agree to keep transfer books of the fame, and in cafe transfer books of fock, conffiing of such money as should be fubferibed in England towards raising the said sum to be borroived in pursuance of the said aft of the thirty-fifth year of his Mafefly s reign floould be kept at the bank of England, it was thereby enafted, that the entries in such transfer books flocidd be evidence of the right and title of the person or per fins appearing by such entries to have a right thereto, and foonld in every respect be as effcftual and fufificient for every purpose as any entry in any transfer book kept at the bank ^England of fock in any fund there: and it was, by the said aft of the thirty-fifth year of his Majefys reign, further enafted, that it should be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of the kingdom of Ireland for the time being, to appoint to be paid to such person or persons as fhouldfub-feribe, at the receipt of his Majeflfs treasury in that kingdo?n, or in England, for the use of the government of the kingdom of Ireland, any sum or sums towards raising the said sum of one million five hundred ninety-one thousand fix hundred and fixty-fix pounds thirteen J,hillings and four-pence, such annuity or annuities as fnould be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of the kingdom ^Ireland, not exceeding the lowe/i rate that should be offered by any person fubferibing to the said loan, for any term of years not more than fifteen ; and that such annuities as sould be fo appointed, should be paid to the person or persons fo fubferibing, his, her, or their executors, adminifrators, and afjigns, at the receipt cf his Majefiy’s exchequer in Ireland, in respect of such sums as should be fubjeribed and paid there ; and at the bank of England, in respect of such sums as Jhould be fubferibed and paid in England, for the uje of the government of the kingdom of Ireland ; and such annuities Jhould be paid at such time or times, and in such manner, and to commence from such period, as should be appointed : and whereas the governor and company cf the bank tf/'England have conjented and agreed, that fo much of the annuities, and of the inter efi upon the said principal sums of one million and twenty-nine thousand fix hundred and fifty pounds,, and one million five hundred and ninety-one thousand fix hundred and fixty-fix pounds thirteen jhillings and four-pence, by the said two afts of parliament of Ireland authorised to be raised and borrowed, as shall be payable in England, Jhould be payable at the bank o/'England j and the said governor and company have also consented and Vol. XL.  S  agreed

258 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 66. [1795.

agreed to keep such transfer books as mentioned in the said aft of parliament of Ireland of the thirty-fifth year of his Majeffs reign ; but such agreement cannot be effectually carried into execution without the , aid of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted and declared by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Bank of Eng- aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and

^T^mone^ after Pa^ing °f ^Is a(^? lt an<^ ma7 tawful for the paid in pur- governor and company of the bank of England to apply such mo-fuance of re- ney as shall be paid into the bank of England in pursuance of cited adts, in the said a<5ts of the parliament of Ireland, in paying the interest m^e^f^and anc^ annuit^es *n pursuance of the said two acts of parliament of annuities Ireland> or either of them, and the said annuities, and also the pursuant said principal sums or flock, and any part or parcel thereof, shall thereto, &c. and may be transferable at the bank of England in the manner herein-after deferibed; and the said annuities, principal fums, or flock, and the interest payable thereon, shall not be liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London or otherwife; any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwith{landing.

Books to be II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

te^nn ^tranf* ^ anc^ may  f°r  t^ie  governor  and  company  of  the

fers of annui- bank of England to authorise and direct their accountant general ties, &c, for the time being, to keep books wherein all alignments or transfers of the said annuities, and principal sums or flock, shall be entered and regiftered, in such manner as the said governor and company shall direct; which entry shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or if such parties be abfent, by their respective attorney or attornies, thereunto lawfully authorifed, in writing under his, her, or their hand and feal, or hands and leals, to be attested by two or more credible wit-neffes ; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be- made, shall refpedliyely underwrite their acceptance thereof by themfelves, or by theijr respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised in manner aforesaid ; and that no other method of aligning and transferring the said annuities and principal No flam sums or flock, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall duties to be g00^ or available in law: provided always, that no (lamp du-charged. ties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said transfers, nor on any receipt for any payment in refpe<5l of the said annuities, or the said principal fums, or flock, or the interest thereof; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.  And whereas,for the prevention of forgeries andfrauds in re-fpeft to the receipts, payments, and transfers, made or given in pursuance of this ah, it is necessary that the like provisions Jhould be enacted as by the laws now in being are already in force respecting flocks, annuities, and other publick funds, tramferr able at the bank of Perfons forg- England aforesaid \ be it therefore further enacted by the authority °X  aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this adt, if any perfon

cefptso/de- or Perf°ns shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be bentures, to forged or counterfeited, or wilfully adt or assist in the forging or suffer death.  counterfeiting,

*795*] Ariho regni tricesimo quinto Geokgii III. c 66.  259

counterfeiting, any receipt or receipts for the whole or any part or parts of the said fubfcripticyis or contributions towards the said two loans, or either of them, or any debenture or debentures purporting to entitle any person or perfons^ or body politick or corporate whatfoever, to any principal fum, or the interest thereon, or any annuity, or part of any principal fum, intereft, or annuity, payable under the said two acfts of parliament of Ireland, or either of them, either with or without the name or names c>f any person or perfons, or body politick or corporate, being in-ferted therein as the subscriber or fubfcribers, or contributor or contributors, or payer or payers, towards the said two loans, or any part or parts thereof, or shall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publish as true, any such falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered, receipt or receipts, debenture or debentures, with intention to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatfoever, every such person or per*

Tons fo forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publifhing, as aforesaid, (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and (hall suffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the pafiing of this adl, if any person or per- perfont5 fordu-fons (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or coun- ing letters of terfeited, or knowingly and wilfully a£t or allift in the forging or attorney to counterfeiting, any letter of attorney or other authority or inftru-ment, to transfer, aflign, fell, or convey, any part or fhure of or p\-0prie-in the principal sums or ftock, or the annuities, by this a£t made tors, tofufief or declared transferrable at the bank of England, or to receive death, any annuity or annuities, or intereft, or dividend or dividends, in pursuance of this a£^ payable at the bank of England, or any part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully acct or aftift in the forg-  j

ing or counterfeiting, any the name or names of any the proprietor or proprietors of any such part or share of or in such principal fums, or flock, or annuities, intereft, dividend or dividends as aforesaid, in or to any such pretended letter of attorney, inftru-ment, or authority, or shall knowingly and fraudulently demand or endeavour to have any such pait or {hare of or in such principal fums, or ftock, or annuities, intereft, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof, transferred, aifigned, fold, or conveyed, or such annuity or annuities, intereft, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof, to be received by virtue of any such counterfeit of forged letter of attorney, authority, or inftrument, or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true-and leal proprietor or proprietors of the said ihares, of or in the laid principal sums or ftock, annuities, intereft, dividend or dividends, or any of them, or any part thereof, and thereby transferring, or endeavouring to transfer, any part or share of or in the said principal fums, or ftock, or annuities, or receiving, or endeavouring, to receive the money of

s 2  fuck

Per tons forging dividend

260 Anno regni tncefuno quinto Georgii III. c. [1794,

fuch true and lawful proprietor or proprietors, as if such offender or offenders were the true and lawful owner or owners thereof, then, and in every or any such cafe, such offender or offenders (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and {hall suffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

V.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That,

-  <^c  fr°m and after the passing of this aft, if any person or perfons

tolhfferdeath*. f°rge> counterfeit, or alter, any dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, intereft, or money, payable in pursuance of this aft at the bank of England, or any indorsement thereon, or {hall offer, or dispose of, or put away, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered, dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, intereft, or money, payable as aforesaid, or the indorsement thereon, or demand the money therein contained or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of the said governor and company of the bank of England\ or any their officers or fervants, knowing such dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, intereft, or money, payable as aforesaid, or the indorsement thereon, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of iEngland, or their fucceffors, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatfoever, every person or persons fo offending {hall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

Vi. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Officers of the That, from and after the passing of this aft, if any officer or fer-bankembez* vant Gf the said governor and company of the bank of England, being entrusted with any note, bill, dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity or intereft, or money, cr any security money, or other effefts, of or belonging to the said governor and company, or having any note, bill, dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity or intereft, or money, or any security money, or other effefts, of any other person or perfons, body politick or corporate, lodged or deposited with the said governor and company, or with him as an officer or servant of the said governor and company, in pursuance of this aft, or of the due execution thereof, {hall fecrete, embezzle, or run away with, any such note, bill, dividend or other warrant, security money, or other effefts, as aforesaid, or any part thereof, every such officer or fervant, fo offending, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and {hall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Perfons mak- That, front and after the passing of this aft, if any person or per-ing transfers fons foaij wilfully make, or affiftc in making, any transfer of any names of Vo- intere^? part, or ftare> of or any principal sums or ftoclc, an-prietors, to nuity or annuities, by this aft made or declared transferrable at suffer death, the bank of England, in any of the books of the said governor and company of the bank of England, in which transfers of principal fums, ftock, or annuities, as aforesaid, are, or in pursuance of this aft {hall be, made, in the name or names of any person or

perfons.

zling notes, &c. to suffer death.

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 66.  &6i

perfons, not being the owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors, of such principal sums or flock, or annuity or annuities, transferrable as aforesaid, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick: or corporate, or any person or persons whatfoever, such person or persons fo making, or assisting in making, such transfer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall fufferdeath as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

VIIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the pafiing of this adf, if any person or per- Perfons forg-fons whatsoever shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or shall wil- ^ fully adf or assist in the falsely making, forging, or counterfeiting, of any transfer of any intereft, part, or (hare, of or in any principal fums, or flock, or annuity or annuities, by this adf made or declared transferrable at the bank of England, or shall utter or publish as true any such falfe, forged, or counterfeited transfer as aforesaid, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged, or counterfeited, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatfoever, all and every person or persons whatfoever, fo offending, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

IX.  And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid, That, Perfons mak-from and after the pafiing of this adt, if any person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully make, or assist in making, any false en- bodks of the try, or shall wilfully alter, or afiift in altering, any word or figure bank to fuffer

7 in any entry in the books of account kept, or in pursuance of death, this adt to be kept, by the said governor and company of the bank of England, wherein the several accounts of the owners or proprietors of principal fums, or flock, or annuities, by this act made or declared transferrable at the bank of England, are, or in pursuance of this adt shall be, entered and kept, or shall in any manner wilfully falsify the account or accounts of any such owner or proprietor in the books of the said governor and company, wherein such accounts are, or in pursuance of this adt shall be, entered and kept, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatfoever, every such person or perfons, fo offending, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

X.  And whereas, in order to cover and conceal forgeries and frauds in transfers, dividend warrants have been sometimes made out for different sums than the sums really due : be it therefore enacted by

the authority aforesaid, That, if any clerk, officer, or servant of, Clerks, See of or other person or persons employed or entrusted by, the said go-vernor and company, fhall, from and after the pafiing of this adt, dividend waf^ knowingly or wilfully make out or deliver, or cause or procure to be rants to be made out or delivered, or wilfully adt or afiift in the making out tranfported* or delivering, of any dividend warrant, or warrant for payment

S3  of

of any annuity, or in ter eft, or money, payable in pursuance of this aft at the bank of England, for a greater or less amount than the person or persons on whose behalf, or pretended behalf, such dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, or intereft, or money, payable as aforesaid, {hall be made out, is or are entitled to, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatfoever, all and every, such person or perfons, lo offending, being in due form of law convifted, of any such offence or offences as aforesaid, shall be transported for seven years.

CAP. LXV1I.

An atft for rendering more effectual an aft^ passed In the firjl year of the reign of King James the Firjl, intituled, An aft to restrain all persons from marriage until their former wives and former husbands be dead.—[May 19, 1795.]

Preamble.

I Jap. i.c.11.

Perfons convicted in England of bigamy, subject to the penalties inflicted for larceny;

and returning to Great Bri-tiin before the expiration of the term for which they are tranfported, to Suffer death.

Offenders returning from tranfporta-lion, where to be tried, &c.

WHEREAS the punifoment of persons convicted offelony, under or by virtue of an aft, made in the firjl year of the reign of King James the Firjl, intituled, Am aft to restrain ail persons from marriage until their former wives and former husbands be dead, has not proved ejfeftual to deter wicked and evil-difpofed persons from being guilty of the offence therein deferibed: be 'it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any person or persons within his Majesty’s dominions of England and Wales, being married, or which hereafter shall marry, do, at any time from and after the palling of this aft, marry any person or perfons, the former husband or wife being alive, and shall be indue manner convicted thereof under the said aft, shall be subject and liable to the fame penalties, pains, and puniflnnents, as, by the laws now in force, persons are subject and liable to who are convicted of grand or petit larceny.

II. And be it further enafted, That if any person or perfons, who shall be ordered to be' transported by virtue of this aft, {hall be afterwards at large within Great Britain, without some lawful caufe, before the expiration of the term for which such person or persons shall be ordered to be tranfported, all and every such person and perfons, being thereof lawfully convifted, {hall be guilty of felony, and suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

111. And be it further enafted. That such person and persons fo ordered to be transported as aforesaid, and afterwards found at large within Great Britain, may be tried for such offence either in the county where such person or persons was or were fo convicted and ordered to be transported as aforesaid, or in such county where such perfon. or persons {hall be apprehended and taken (fuch county being within England or Wales)) and in such latter

cafe

 kjOOQle

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 68—7T*

cafe the clerk, or other person having the custody of the records of the court by which such person or persons was or were ordered to be tranfported, {hall certify a tranfcript, briefly containing the tenor and effect of the record of the indictment, verdiCt, and judgement, against such person and perfons; which certificate, being produced to the court before whom such person or persons {hall stand on their trial, {hall be deemed and taken to be sufficient evidence of the indictment, verdiCt, and judgement, contained in such record.

C A P. LXVIII.

An adt for veiling, for a certain term of years, in the right honourable Henry Seymour Conway, his executors, adminillrators, and afligns, the foie property of a kiln or oven, by him invented, for burning lime, and for the use of diltillers and brewers, and for other beneficial pur-pofes.—[May 19, 1795 J.

Letters patent dated first of January 178a, recited. Specification of the invention. Sole privilege of making and vending the invention veiled in the right honourable Henry Seymour Conway, his executors, See. for twenty years. Privilege not to be transferred to more than five perfons, . Publick adt.

CAP. LXIX.

An adt for repealing fo much of an adt, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An adt to enable his Ma-jefty to grant to the heirs of the former proprietors, upon certain terms and conditions, the forfeited estates in Scotland, which were put under the management of a board of trustees by an adt palled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said adt, as relates to the amount of the debt charged upon the lands and estate which became forfeited by the attainder of Evan Macpherfon, late of Cluny.—[May 19, 1795.]

Adt 24 Geo. 3. c. 57, recited, and that part which subjects the forfeited lands of Cluny to the payment of five thousand one hundred and thirty-eight pounds seventeen Ihillings and eleven-pence and seven twelfth parts of a penny, repealed. The forfeited lands of Cluny to be subject only to the payment of three thousand one hundred and eighty-eight pounds seven {hillings one penny and one twelfth part of a penny.

CAP. LXX.

An adt for amending an adt, palled in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An adt for taking down the church and tower belonging to the parifii of Saint John at Hackney, in the county of Mid-dlefex; and for building another church and tower for the use of the said parish ; and for making an additional cemetry or churchyard ; and for railing a further sum of money for completing the said church, and other works.—[May 19, 1795.]

Truftees empowered to make a further rate of two-pence in the pound. Truftees may borrow a further sum of five thousand pounds. All future contradts to be figned, &c. by th.e treasurer to the truftees. Publick adt.

CAP. LXXI.

An adt for building a new church or chapel in the town of Halifax, in the weft riding of the county of York.—[May 19, 1795.]

s 4  Agreement

Anno regni tricefitno quinto GeorgiI JII, c. 72, 73. [1795.

Agreement oflVilliam Henry Coulthurft. dotxor in divinity, with the go-vernors of Nathaniel Waterho ufe’s charity for the purchase of ground to ere<5t a church or chapel. Power to fell or let pews and galleries and one fifth part of the church yard. Archbifhop oft York to fix the fee for breaking the ground and for funerals, and to apportion the fame between the minister of the chapel and the vicar of Halifax. Do6tor Coulthurft and his heirs to appoint a minifter. The chapel to be deemed a benefice with cure of fouls, and to be named, 44 The Church or Chapel of the Holy and Undivided Trinity in Halifax.” No burials within the church. Corre<5t lifts of the burials to be delivered to the vicar of Halifax. Patronage to vest in doiftor Coulthurft, his heirs, Sec. for sixty years. Power for doeftor Coulthurft to serve the cure until he be reimburfed. Preferving his rights to the vicarage. Duty to be performed in the chapel, but no publication of banns, See. Provifion for the minister of the chapel not less than one hundred pounds a year. Chapel to be kept in repair by owners and occupiers of pews, and money to be railed by an aflefirnent on pew-owners. Minifter of the chapel to appoint to the offices. Churchwarden’s duty. Churchwarden' to deliver his accounts twice in the year. Limitation of actions. General iflue. Treble cofts. Right of the vicarage of Halifax not to be prejudiced. Publick a<ft.

CAP. LXXII.

An a6t for making a navigable cut from Stratford-upon-Avon canal, in the parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham canal, in the manor of Kingfwood, in the county of Warwick.—[May 19, 1795.]

The company of proprietors of the Stratford-upon-Avon canal navigation to make the intended cut. Not to deviate more than one hundred yards from the line deferibed in the plan. Proprietors restrained from making life of any water belonging to the Warwick and Birmingham canal company. Damage to Mr. Legge’s lands to be afeertained by a land furveyor. Rates of tonnage upon the new cut. For all coal, coak, iron, ironftone, ftone, and other goods (except lime and limeftone) which have been navigated upon any part of the Warwick and Birmingham canal, between Birmingham and the place where the Warwick and Birmingham canal shall be joined by the intended cut, shall pass along the laid cut into or upon the Stratford-upon-Avon canal, towards Stratford-upon-Avon; or having been navigated upon the Stratford-upon-Avon canal, between Stratford-upon-Avon and the end of the said cut, shall pass along the said cut into the Warwick and Birmingham canal, and along the fame towards Birmingham, one (hilling and three-pence per ton. For all other coal, coak, iron, ironftone, and other goods (except lime and limeftone), four-pence per ton. For all lime and limeftone, which having been navigated upon the Warwick and Birmingham canal, lhall pass along the said cut into the Stratford-upon-Avon canal, one stuffing and two-pence per ton. For all other lime and limeftone, three-pence per ton. And for all flag and other ftone, sixpence per ton. Power to raise ten thousand pounds by mortgage. Company to be rated for lands and buildings in the fame proportion as adjoining lands and buildings. Company to make fatisfa<5tion for tythes. Compenfation rates to the Warwick and Birmingham canal company. Publick adt.

CAP. LXXIII.

An a<5f for repealing several a<fts, made in the eighth, tenth, thirteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the nightly watch and beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleanfing, and lighting, the pariffi of Saint Mary-le-bone in the county of Middlefex, and for the better relief and maintenance of the poor thereof, and for divers other purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual provision for those purposes.—[May 19, 1795.]

A<fts

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74, 75•

Adts 8 Geo. 3. c. 46.—10 Geo. 3. c. 23.—13 Geo. 3. c. 48, and 15 Geo.

3. c. ar, repealed. Veftrymen appointed, who are to meet every Saturday.

For eledting new veftrymen. Chairman to be appointed, who may examine persons on oath. Entries of proceedings good evidence. Adtions to be in the name of the clerk. For appointing officers. Perfons acting under the late adls to account. Veftrymen to appoint one churchwarden and fidefman. Duke of Portland to appoint one churchwarden and onefidef-man. Appointment of overfeers. Veftrymen to choose and justices to swear conftables. Veftrymen to appoint watchmen and beadles, and may build a watch-houfe. All contracts to be advertifed, No contract to be made for more than three years. Part of Tyburn-road or Oxford-road or street which lies in the parishes of Saint George, Hanover-fquare, Saint James and Saint Anne, Weftminfter, subject to the jurisdiction of the veftrymen. The road from High-ftreet and Tottenham-court-road to the turnpike at Tyburn to be under the jurisdiction of the veftrymen, and the trustees of the said road are to pay them annually five hundred pounds, to keep the fame in repair. Pavements, &c. vested in veftrymen. Lamps to be fet up. Veftrymen to pave, Scc. Stands of hackney coachmen, &c. to be regulated by the veftrymen. Names of streets to be fixed up and houses numbered. Footways to be swept once a day. Veftrymen may direct the streets to be cldanfed and the duftmen to ring a bell. No allies,

See. to be taken away by any person but the contractor. Bog houses to be emptied between the hours of twelve at night and five in the morning. Infpedfors of weights and measures to be appointed. Infpedtors may weigh bread. Veftrymen to meet annually in February, and choose thirty inhabitants to be directors and guardians of the poor. Directors and guardians to divide themselves into fix committees, and eftabiilh a rule for attendance. Committees to meet weekly. Directors and guardians to hold four general quarterly meetings yearly, to pass accounts, Sec. Directors may examine persons on oath, appoint officers and a clergyman to instruct the poor. Directors and guardians may make bye laws. Overfeers of the poor, conftables, Sec. to aid, affift, and obey the directors.

Five distinct rates or afieffiments to be made, viz. Poor’s rate ; highway rate, four-pence in the pound; watch rate, sixpence in the pound ; paving rate, sixpence in the pound • repairing, cleansing and lighting rate, one (hilling and sixpence in the pound. Cavendiffi-fquare to pay an additional rate of two-pence in the pound. Rate for watering ftreets, twopence in the pound. Fifteen thouland pounds may be borrowed on the poor’s rate, and ten thousand pounds on the paving rate. Old securities and bonds good. One penny halfpenny in the pound of the rates to he applied in discharge of the money borrowed. Appeal. Limitation of a&ions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Publick a£t.

CAP. LXXIV.

An aeft for keeping in repair.the footways in the High-ftreet of the town of Kenfington, in the county of Middlefex, ^nd for lighting and watching the said ftreet, and also certain courts and alleys communicating therewith, and for removing and preventing encroachments, nuiiances and annoyances therein.—[May 19, 1795.]

Commiffioners. For appointing officers. Vefting footways, Sec. in com-miffioners. Commiffioners to repair the footways, &c. Inhabitants to sweep the footways every morning. Commillioners to ereeft lamps and appoint watchmen. Rates not to exceed one ffiilling and three-pence in the pound. Commiffioners may borrow three hundred pounds. Twenty (hillings penalty on wilfully breaking lamps. Encroachments to be removed. Appeal. Limitation of a&ions, General iffiue. Treble cofts.

CAP. LXXV.

An aeft for paving the footways, and for cleanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the ftreets, lanes, pafiages, and places, within the borough of Wallingford, in the county of Berks, and for removing and preventing nuiiances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions therein.

—*[May 19, 1795.]  Commiffioners.

CjOO^IC

266 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 76—-79. [1795.

Commiffioners, Commiffioners may appoint officers, who are to give fecurity. Rates not to exceed ohe shilling in the pound. Commiffioners may borrow one thousand five hundred pounds. Lamps, pavements, &c. veiled in commiffioners. Footpaths to be swept by the inhabitants. Signs, &c. to be regulated. Power to purchase buildings for the purpose of widening ftreets. Watchmen may be appointed. Appeal. Limitation of actions. General iffue. Treble cofts. Saving the rights of the corporation of Wallingford and others to prevent nuifances.

CAP. LXXVI.

An ad for the better paving, lighting, cleanfing, and otherwise improving the ftreets, lanes, and other publick paffiagcs, of the city of Aberdeen, and the roads arid avenues within the royalty thereof; for the better supplying the inhabitants with fresh water ; and for the removing and preventing all obftrudlions and annoyances within the said city and royalty.—[May 19, 1795.]

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for improving the drainage of the Middle and South Levels, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, and the low lands adjoining or near to the river Ouze, in the county of Norfolk, draining through the fame to lea by the harbour of King's Lynn, in the said county ; and for altering and improving the navigation of the said river Ouze, from or near a place called Eau Brink, in the parish of Wiggen-hall Saint Mary, in the said county, to the laid harbour of King’s Lynn; and for improving and preserving the navigation of the fevtral rivers communicating with the said river Ouze.— [May 19, 1795 ]

CAP. LXXVIII.

An adl for buliding a bridge over the river Severn, at Bewdley, in the county of Woreefter, and for opening convenient avenues thereto.— [May 19, 1795]

Commiffioners. May appoint officers and give fecurity. Commiffioners to build a new bridge, Sec. Materials of the old bridge veiled in the commiffioners. A turnpike to be erected on the bridge, and the following tolls to be taken, and double on Sundays, except for foot paffiengers. Fora foot paffienger, one halfpenny. A coach, chaife, &c. drawn by fix horfes, two {hillings. Drawn by four horfes, one shilling and fixpencev Drawn by two horfes, one (hilling. For a chaife, Sec, drawn by one horfe, fix-pence. For a waggon, cart. Sec. drawn by fix horfes, one (hilling. Drawn by four or five horfes, eight-pence. Drawn by two or three horfes, four-pence. Drawn by one horfe, two-pence. For a fledge or dray without wheels drawn by three or more horfes, three-pence. Drawn by two horfes, two-pence. Drawn by one horfe, three halfpence. For a horse laden or unladen and not drawing, one penny. Oxen, cows, &c, ten-pence a (core. Calves, (heep, Sec, five-pence a fcore. Tolls paid but once a day. Tolls may be let. Commiffioners may borrow money. Tolls on foot paffiengers to ceafe, when, the debt is reduced to two thousand pounds. Appeal. Limitation of adlions. General iffiue. Treble cofts.

CAP. LXXIX.

An adl for amending an adl, paffied in the twenty-firft year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An adt for building a bridge over the river Thames, at the town of Henley-upon-Thames, in the county of Oxford, and making commodious avenues thereto ; for widening some part of the high-ftreet, and the market-place; for lighting and watching; for regulating the footways in, and removing nuifances, obftruc-tions, and annoyances from, the said town, fo far as the fame relates to

widening

1795-1 Anno regtii tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80.  267

widening some pail of the high-ltreet and market-place ; for lighting and watching; for regulating the footways in, and removing nui-fances, obftvudtions, and annoyances from the said town.—[May 19,

1795 ]

Commiflionersfor purchasing land for the fcite of the new market-houfe,

&c. Refervation to the lord of the manor for his rights. Appeal.

C A P. LXXX.

An aSl to make further 'provifion refpeSting /hips and effeSts come into this kingdom to take the benefit of his' Majefifs orders in council of thefixteenth and twenty-firfi days of January one thousand [even hundred and ninety-five ; and to provide for the disposal of other ships and effects detained in, or brought into, the ports of this kingdom.—[May 22> 1795*]

WHEREAS by an aSl,paffed in the present session of parliament, Preamble.

intituled,, An a£t for rendering effectual his Majelly’s Geo. 3. c. order in council of the sixteenth and twenty-firft days o {January 15. one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, respecting the ad-miffion of the effects mentioned in the said orders into the ports of this country to be warehoufed; and for indemnifying all performs who have acted in consequence of such orders ; it is, among/} other things, enabled,, that it /ball and may be lawfulfor any p erf on or peifins to import or bring into any of the ports of this kingdom. any goods, wares, or merchandize and effects whatfiever, belonging to any of thefubjeSts of the U nited Provinces, or toany perfins who, before the nineteenth day of January lafi, were inhabitants of the United Provinces, or belonging to any fubjeSt of his Majejly, or to any fub-jedt of any country in amity with his Majefiy, coming from any part of the United Provinces, and also any like goods, wares, merchandize, and cffeSls, from any part of Europe, Afia, Africa, or America, in amity zvith his Majejly, in vessels belonging to any fubjeSt of the United Provinces, or to any perfins who, before the nineteenth day of January lafi, zvere inhabitants of the said United Provinces^ or to any fubjeSt of his Majefiy, or of any country in amity with his Majefiy, and bound to any port of the United Provinces ; and that the fame /hall and may be landed in the presence of the proper officers of the cufloms, andfecured in zvarehoufies under the joint locks of his Majefiy and of the proprietors thereof, at the risk and expence of the said proprietors, such warehouses to be approved by the commissioners of his Majefifs cufloms, or any four or more of them, in that part Great Britain called England, and by the co?nmiffoners of his Majefifs cuf-toms in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any three or more of them refpeSlively, or by the principal officers of the port where such goods /hall be imported; and the said commissioners refpeSlively are thereby authorised and required to make such regulations, and to give such directions as they might deem necessary for feeuring the said goods, wares, merchandize, and effeSls, for the benefit of the proprietors thereof, and for the security of the revenue, until further provifons should be made by parliament refpeSling the fame: and whereas ships and veffels

. have

goods duties to be paid on such goods for home con-ftimption.

2-68 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgix III. c. 80. [1795.

have come or may hereafter come into the ports of this kingdom, to take the benefit of the said recited aff, or of the said orders in council, with goods, wares, merchandize, and cffcdts, which are now or may hereafter be secured in warehouses as before mentioned; and it is expedient that provision Jhould be made to enable the proprietors of such ships cr vejfeh,'goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, to fell, r*-export, or otherwise dispose of the fame : be it therefore ena£ted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament afl'embled, and by the authority of the fame, Proprietors of That it {ball and may be lawful for every such proprietor or pro-brou °\gintc>S Pr;ietors3 importer or importers, or their respective agent or the kingdom agents, to enter all such {hips and vefiels, and also to enter all in confe- such goods, wares, merchandize, and effeefs, fo imported and quence of re- warehoufed, and to take the fame out of such warehouse in order m^enter^0* eitiler t0 re-export the fame, or to fell or make use thereof, upon their., and payment of the several and respective duties, and subject to the dispose of the conditions, rules, regulations, and reftridtions, herein-after mentioned.

JI. And be it further enaefed, That upon all goods, wares, merchandize, and effedts, imported or brought into this kingdom, to take the benefit of the said recited adl, or of the said orders in council, there {hall be raifed, levied, colledfed, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, in ready money, without any difeount or abatement whatever, upon taking the fame out of warehouse for home confumption, the several duties herein-after mentioned, aud that the fame shall be in lieu of any duties now,payable by law thereupon ; (that is to fay), For all naval and military ftores, timber, and iron, fo imported or brought into this kingdom, there shall be paid refpedfively the loweit custom duty that is now by law payable on naval and military ftores, timber and iron refpedlively, when imported from the northern countries of Europe; for all tobacco unmanufactured there {hall be paid the fame duties of customs and excise as are payable for tobacco duly and regularly imported from the British plantations, or from the united states of America • provided, that if the tobacco shall not be of the growth of the British plantations, or of the united states of America, the fame {hall, if taken out of the warehouse for home confumption, be chargeable and charged with the fame duties as such tobacco would be liable to on importation from other countries, agreeable to an a61, palled in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, inti ruled, An adl for repealing the duties on tobacco and fnuffi andfor granting new duties in lieu thereof: and, in order to prevent frauds in the exportation of tobacco fo warehoufed, no ■)ort d exce t to^acco  be  ^TPec^  for  exportation  except  in  packages

L°packages of containing four hundred and fifty pounds weight nett in each 450 lb.  package.

Ships arriving III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That with tobacco jf any ship or veftel, laden wholly or in part with tobacco, {hall at a port not ^ arrived or shall arrive at any port of this kingdom, not being, enumerated  according

Tobacco warehoufed, not to be ex-

isted by

1795*] Annoregni tricefrmo quinto Georgii III. c. 8o. 269

according to law, a port enumerated for the importation of to- for importa-bacco, such (hip or vessel shall proceed to one of the enumerated cealfoone* ports where such tobacco may be legally imported and vvare-houfed. '

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duty on ma-

all manufactured tobacco, except fnuff, shall pay a further cuf- ^ufa<aureci , c r  5 g  7  r  '  to oacco,

tom duty or lixpence per pound.

V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That on fnidF, fnuff, if taken out of the warehouse for home confumption, fhall

be chargeable and charged with the fame duties of customs and excise as on a legal importation; but that no duty shall be required on fnuff, if the fame be exported from the warehouse within the space of fix months from the time the fame shall be lodged therein.

VI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

for all materials for manufadlures, fo imported or brought into ^ ma^nufcu: this kingdom, there (hall be paid the 1 owe ft duties that are now by tures law payable on the importation of such materials for manufadlures respectively in Briti/fr-built fhips.

VII.  And be it further enadled, That for all fugar, coffee,

and cocoa nuts, fo imported or brought, there shall be paid the neul’sc like duties as on foreign fugar, coffee, and cocoa nuts refpedlively.

VIII.  And be it further enabled, That for all wines and spirits and on wines fo imported or brought into this kingdom, there shall be paid re- andfpirits. fpedlively the like duties of customs and excise to which the fame

may be liable by law on a legal importation.

IX.  And be it further enabled, That, for all goods, wares, For goods,

and merchandize, fo imported or brought into this kingdom, &c..of the being of the growth, produce, or manufacture of India or China,  ^

or other parts within the limits of the exclusive trade of the £a^. jndia united company of merchants of England trading to the AV/company, the Indies, there shall be paid the like respective duties that are now like duties as payable for goods, wares, and merchandize, of the like forts im- ^omian^and ported into this kingdom by the said united company; and that th^ltke draw-on the exportation thereof respectively the fame duties shall be backs to be paid, and the fame drawbacks of duties and allowances shall be allowed, made, as the like forts of goods, wares, and merchandize, are

fubjedt or would be entitled to respectively on the exportation thereof, if the fame had been imported by the said united company ; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

X.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Goods deli-the several goods and merchandizes imported or brought into

this kingdom, to take the benefit of the said recited adl or orders be entered in council, ihall, on delivery out of any warehouse under the and liable to authority of this present adl, either for consumption in this king- the laws of dom or for exportation, be first duly entered, and the fame (hall  an^

in all other respects be subject and liable to all and every the exci e* rules, regulations, and reftridtions, as far as the fame are appli-r cable and can be put in execution, to which such'goods and

merchandize

270 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgix III. c, 80. [179^,

merchandize refpelively, on a legal importation or exportation, would be subject and liable, under any laws or law now in force relating to the revenue of customs or excife, the fame as if all the claufes, powers, diredlions, and authorities, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and re-enadted in the body of this, present adt.

Articles of XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

private per- n0 duty whatever shall be chargeable or charged on the follow-tons not liable .  r °  ,

to duty, on lno artlcles? belonging to private perlons, fo imported or brought

certain con- into this kingdom; (that is to fay). Wearing apparel, jewels, ditions. watches, and trinkets, plate, pidlures, prints, and drawings, framed or unframed, china, or earthen ware, glafs, framed or unframed, books, household furniture, useful or ornamental, or household linen; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithstanding : provided always, that it (hall be proved to the fatisfadfion of the commiftioners of the customs in that part of Great Britain called England, or any four or more of them, and of the commiftioners of the customs in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any three or more of them, that such wearing apparel, jewels, watches, and trinkets, plate, pictures, prints, and drawings, framed or unframed, china, or earthen ware, glafs, framed or unframed, books, or household furniture, useful or ornamental, and household linen, have been imported for private ufe, and not to be fold by way of merchandize, and that the owners thereof reside or intend to reside in this kingdom, and that such household linen is not new.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, goods Except ^hat no goods, wares, merchandize, or effedls, which by law are Specified ar- prohibited to be used or confirmed in this kingdom, other than ticks of pri- the articles herein specified belonging to private perfons, shall be vate perforis, delivered out of any warehouse in pursuance of this adl, but for kvered ou^of exPortatlon onty> nor for exportation, until security is given in warehouses such manner, and in such penalty, for the due exportation thereof butforexpor- as is now by law required on the exportation of such forts of tation, &c. goods from this kingdom.

Enumerated XIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, warehoused That it shall and may be lawful to export, from any warehouse in fro^MI? which the fame shall or may be fo lodged, any of the goods, wares, merchandize, or effedls, herein enumerated, except such as are hereby directed to be lodged in the warehouses of the Eajl India company, without payment of any duty whatever ; aK?artklesS anc^ t^lat art^c^es not herein enumerated, which may legally be imported into this kingdom, or which may not be absolutely but circumstantially prohibited, may in like manner be delivered by virtue of this act for exportation, without payment of any duty, or for use or consumption in this kingdom, for payment of such duties as are respectively due for the fame on a legal importation into this kingdom, in Britijh~bm\t fhips.

XIV. Provided always neverthelefs, and be it enadled, That No spirits to no spirits shall be fo exported from any such warehoufe, in any be exported in cafk; or vcffe]

which shall contain less than one hundred gallons, calks contain-  °

ing less than  or

dia warehoufes, may be exported

not herein enumerated, and may be delivered for home consumption on payment of duty.

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80.  271

or.qn board any ship or vessel oflefs burthen than one hundred ioo gallons,

tons, nor unless all and singular the rules, regulations, refiric-

tions, and provifions, by law in force for the exportation of rum tonsJ

or spirits of the growth, production, or manufacture, of the Bri-

tifh sugar plantations, from the warehouses in which the fame

fhall have been lodged or deposited under and by virtue of tMe

laws now in force, shall have been fully"complied with, in re-

fpeft of the exportation of spirits under or by virtue of this act;

and all and singular the said rules, regulations, reftriftions, and

provifions, together with all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, for

any breach thereof refpeftively, shall be ufed, applied, and put

in execution, on such exportation of fpirits, under or by virtue

of this aft.

XV.  And be it further enafted. That upon the due exporta- On exportation of any of the goods, wares, merchandize, and efFefts, before mentioned, which shall have paid any of the respective duties herein b^ho^ved impofed, there shall be allowed and paid the respective drawliacks

to which such goods, wares, merchandize, and efFefts, would be entitled if duly exported, after a regular importation, and under the like conditions, rules, regulations, reflriftjons, penalties, and forfeitures.

XVI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all goods and efFefts fo warehoused fhall' and may be fold p°°ds ware-by auftion, free of the duty imposed by law on goods and efFefts  fre^of

fold by auftion; provided neverthelefs, that nothing in this aft auction duty, contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to on account of authorise the sale of any such goods or efFefts Free of the said the onSmal duty, unless on the firftfale of such goods or efFefts, by or for the ov,rner* account of the original owner, by whom the fame were fo lodged in such warehoufe, and unless such sale shall be made within twelve months next after the time when such goods or eifefts shall have been fo lodged in such warehoufe.

XVII.  And be it further enafted. That all monies arising Duties to be from duties imposed by this aft shall be appropriated and applied

in such and the like manner, and to such and the like uses and [-jce ^ Qt-purpofes, as the duties now payable bylaw on goods, wares, and goods are merchandize, of the like forts are directed by law to be appro- applicable, priated and applied.

XVIII.  And be it further enafted. That if the owner or Veflels owned

owners, proprietor or proprietors of any ship or vefFel, which shall have brought or shall bring into this kingdom, any goods, wares, or merchandize, to be warehoufed, to take the benefit of the said aft, or the said orders in council, being a subject or fub-jefts of the said United Provinces, or having been an inhabitant or inhabitants thereof before the nineteenth day of "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall come into this kingdom with intent to reside herein, and shall go before foine justice of the peace, flierifFdepute or fubftitute, or the principal magistrate of some city or town of this kingdom, or before the principal officer of his Majefly’s customs in some port of this kingdom, and shall take the oath of allegiance to his Majesty,

and

by inhabitants of the United Provinces before Jan. 19, 1795, who shall come to reside in the kingdom, or pure ha fed of them by Britt th fubjefts, may be registered for the European trade, on certain conditions, &c.



5I. ios. per cent, of the value of such vessels to be paid.

Oath to be taken by owners to be in the following form.

Anno regni trlcefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80. [179^.

and shall obtain a certificate of his having taken such oath, which oath and certificate such justice of the peace, sheriff depute or fubftitute, magistrate and officer refpedtively, are hereby autho-rifed and required to administer and give, on payment of no greater fee than two {hillings; or if any such ship or vefiel {hall be purchased and owned by any Britijh subject or fubjedls, either wholly or jointly with any of the persons herein-before defcribed, who {hall have qualified themselves in manner herein-before mentioned, it {hall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to order such {hip or velfel lb owned to be regiftered, and to have a certificate of foreign ships registry for the European trade only; and every such {hip or vessel may, during the time that the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, {hall continue to have his or their refi-dence in his Majesty’s European dominions, be legally used and employed in the foreign European trade of this kingdom, and in no other, and such conditions shall be expressed in the certificate of registry of every such ship or vefiel : provided always, that the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, shall prove in the manner directed in an adl, pafied in the twenty-fixth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, jin all for the further encrease and encouragement of Jhipping and navigation, by taking the oath hereunto annexed, instead of the oath required by the fa id adf, that he or they is or are the foie owner or owners, or that he or they, and some other person or persons qualified in manner hereinbefore directed, or some Britijh subject or fubjedfs of this kingdom, are the iole owner or owners of such ship or veffel, and shall also conform to all the other regulations respecting registry contained in the said last mentioned adl; provided always, that for all such {hips and vefiels, with their tackle, apparel, fails, and furniture, they fnall be paid, for each and every one hundred pounds of their value, the sum of five pounds and ten {hillings.

XIX.  And be it further enadted, That the oath before directed to be .taken by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of any such {hip or vefiel, shall be in the form and manner following, as far as the fame is applicable to each or either of them :

/A. B. of [place of residence and occupation] do make oath, That the fiYip or vessel [name] of [port or place] whereof [mafter’s name] is at present majler, being [kind of built, burthen, &c. as described in the certificate of the surveying officer] was [when and where built, and when and where it came into this kingdom] ; and that I the said A. B. [and the other owners names and occupations, if any, and where they respectively re-fide, viz, town, place, pariffi, and county, or if member of and resident in any fadlory in foreign parts, or in any foreign town or city, being an agent for or partner in any house or co-partnerffiip actually carrying on trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the name of such fadtory, foreign town, or city, and the names of u  '  '  such

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. g. 8o.

fuch house or copartnerfhip] am [or are] foie owner [or owners] of the said veffel, and that no other person or persons whatever hath or have any rights title, interejl, Jhare, or property therein or thereto ; and [if a Britijh fubjeft] that I the said A. B. [and the said other owners, if any] am [or are] truly and bona fide a subject [or fubjefts] of Great Britain j and that I the said A. B. have not (nor have any of the other owners, to the best of my knowledge and belief) taken the oath of allegiance to any foreign fate whatever [except under the terms of some capitulation, describing the particulars thereof] or that fence my taking [or his or their taking] the oath of allegiance to [naming the foreign states respectively to which he or any of the said owners (hall have taken the fame], and prior to the pajjing of an aft in the twenty sixth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, An aft for the further encrease and encouragement of {hipping and navigation, I have [or he or they hath or have] become a subject [ovfubjefts] of Great Britain [either by his Majesty’s letters pattent as a denizen or denizens, or naturalized by aft of parliament, as the cafe may be, naming the dates of the letters of denization, or the aft or afts of parliament for naturalization refpeftively] or [as the cafe may be] I have [or he or they hath or have] become a denizen [or denizens, or naturalized subject orfubjefts, as the cafe may be] of Great Britain, by his Majefefs letters patent, or by an aft of parliament passed fence the firjl day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-fix [naming the times when such letters of denization have been granted refpeftively, or the year or years in which such aft or afts of naturalization have pafifed refpeftively]; or [if not a Britijh fubjeft] that I A. B. [and the other owner, if any] being a subject or subject s of the United Provinces [or having been an inhabitant or inhabitants thereof before the nineteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five] and now refedent in this kingdom [defcribing the particulars thereof, as to place and date] have [or, he or they hath or have] taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance to his majesty the King of Great Britain [defcribing the time when, the place where, and before whom taken] ; and that no foreigner, not having complied with the conditions above-mentioned, directly or indirectly hath any Jhare, or pari or interejl in the said ship or veffel.

XX.  And whereas goods, wares, merchandize, and effects belonging to any of the subjects of the United Provinces, or to any persons who, before the nineteenth day of January one thousandfeven hundred and ninety-five, were inhabitants of the United Provinces, or belonging to any subject or subjects of his Majejly, may have been imported for fecurity, and permitted to be warehoujed in this kingdom previous to the said order in council, or may have been carried for security to Hamburgh, or to some other port tf/'Germany, or of the Baltic or east country ; and the owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors thereof, may be deferous to take the fame out of such warehouje in this kingdom, or to bring the fame, or parts thereof, into this kingdom be it enafted, That, within the space of fix calendar months after the Wfthm

VM..XL.  T  ”,Zhs*

174 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80. [1795.

a£t, goods pasting of this a£l, it (hall and may be lawful for every owner or ouTo^ware611 owners’ Proprietor or proprietors, of such goods, wares, mer-houfes orim- chandize, and effects, who have or (hall come to reside in this' ported from kingdom, and (hall take the oath of allegiance in manner herein-Hamburgh, before mentioned, to take the fame out of such warehouse or warehoufes, if the fame shall have been warehoufed, or to import the fame from Hamburgh, or from any other port of Germany, or of the Baltic or east country refpedlively, in vessels belonging to any subject of the United Provinces, or to any persons who, before the nineteenth day of January laft, were inhabitants of the said United Provinces, or to any subject of his Majesty, or of any country in amity with his Majesty, from whence the fame (hall be brought, an4 to lodge the fame in warehoufes, as directed by the said adt, and to take the fame out of such warehouses for home confumption, or for exportation, upon payment of the several and respective duties, and subject in either cafe to the conditions, rules, regulations, and reftridlions, penalties, and forfeitures, herein-mentioned; provided always, that it shall be proved by such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, to the fatisfadfion of the commiftioners of the cuftoms, or any four or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called England, and of the commiftioners of the cuftoms, or any three or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland refpedlively, and the said goods, wares, merchandizes, and effects fo imported from Hamburgh, or from any other port of Germany, or of the Baltic or east country, were actually fo carried from the said United Provinces to some of those places, and are the property of the persons herein qualified and authorised to import the fame.

XXI.  And whereas several ships and vessels belonging to the fub~ jetls or inhabitants of the United Provinces, and also other /hips and veffels, having on board goods, wares, merchandize, and effefts^ belonging to suchjubjefts, have been or may be hereafter detained in, or brought into the ports of this kingdom : and whereas such cargoes, and such flips and veffels, may perish or be greatly injured, if some pro-

His Majesty in vision is not made respecting the fame: be it further enadted, That council may jt shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice mhhoners°to* °f his privy council, from time to time to grant a commiftion or take the care commiftions, under the great feal of Great Britain, to three or offhipsand more perfons, authorising them to take such (hips and cargoes cargoes which jnt;o their pofteftion, and under their care, and to manage, fell, or eefor brought ot:herwife dispose of the fame to the best advantage, according to into the king- such inftrudfcions as they (hall from time to time receive from his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council ; subject never-thelefs, in respect of goods, wares, and merchandize hereby directed to be brought into the warehouses of the EaJl India company, to the special provisions in this adt contained.

XXII.  And be it further enabled, That it (hall not be lawful exceptashe^e ^or any Perf°n t0 prbfecute any claim, or maintain any fuit or in provided1. * action respecting any such (hip or cargo, except in the manner

herein specially provided,

XXIII,  And

dom.

Claims not to



1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo qumto Georgii III. c. 80.  275

XXIII.  And be it farther enabled, That in cafe any claim shall be made before the said commiftioners, of any such ship or veflei, au<j goods, or of any such goods, wares, merchandize, or effects, or of any before the part or parts thereof, as the property of the fabjedfs of his Ada- commi/Eon-jefty, or of any country in amity with his Majesty, and not of ers* the people of the said United Provinces, it shall and may be lawful for the said commiftioners, if they shall be satisfied of the justice of the said claim, with the licence of his Majesty’s most honourable privy council, to order such ships or veffels, or such goods, wares, merchandize, or effedls, or any part or parts thereof, to be forthwith releafed, upon such terms and conditions as /hail appear to them to be equitable, and which shall be agreed upon between them and the refpedfive parties, or to remit such claim to the judge of the high court of admiralty, who shall decree re-ftitution to such claimant as shall appear to be entitled thereto, and shall decide all questions of freight, average, and other charges to which the property claimed shall be legally subject or entitled; and the said judge shall direct payment of all such freight, average, and other charges, to be made to the regiftrar of the said court of admiralty, which regiftrar shall receive the fame, and within twenty days after his receipt thereof pay it over to the said commifTioners, or to any agent appointed by them for that purpose, without any fee, poundage, charge, or dedudfion whatever: and in cafes where the property of the people of the said United States shall appear to be subject to charges of the like nature, due and owing to the subjects of his Majesty, or of any country in amity with his Majesty, whose property has been reftored, with such legal charges attendant thereon, by the decree of the court of admiralty, the said commiftioners lhall, on receiving from the regiftrar of the said court a copy of the said decree, with the amount of the said charges, forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, the said amount to the parties entitled thereto.

XXLV. And be it further enadted, That if any claim of any Fof settling such ship or veflei, or of any such goods, wares, merchandize, or i^tl^ effedls, or of any part or parts thereof, as the property of the court Gf subjects of his Majesty, or of any country in amity with his Ma- mirajty. jefty, and not of the people of the said United Provinces, shall be made in the said high court of admiralty, the said claim not having been made before the said commiftioners, it (hall and may be lawful to the said judge, and he is hereby directed also to proceed on the said claims, and direct restitution and payments of freight, averages, and other charges to be made, in like manner as if the said claim had in pursuance of this adt been remitted to him by the said commiftioners.

XXV. And be it further enadfed, That in cafe any such fhip, veflel, or any such goods, wares, merchandize, or eftedls, or any part or parts thereof, shall be claimed as the property of the fub- claimed as the jedts of his Majesty, or of any country in amity with his Majesty, property of as herein-before mentioned, the said commiftioners shall forbear proceeding to a sale of such fhips, veffels, goods, wares, mer- claims be de-chandize, or effedfs, or such part or parts thereof, until such cided.

X %  claim

VefTels and

Anno regni triceftmo qulnto Georgii III. c. 80. [1795.

claim (hall be decided, unless they (hall receive directions from the said court of admiralty to proceed therein.

XXVI.  And be further enaded, That if any of the said t ^Ps or ve^s^ goods, wares, merchandize, or effeds, shall be

and entitled to  unc^er the authority aforesaid, they shall be respectively liable

drawback, to the duties, and entitled to the drawbacks, and subject to the conditions, rules, regulations, and reftridions, penalties, and forfeitures, before mentioned ; and the said commilfioners fhall, and they are hereby authorised and required to cause the duties, and the expences of the fale, in the first place, to be paid out of Proceedstobe the proceeds of such fale; and after such payment shall (except bankint° ^ *n ca*es w^ere lt iS otherwiie provided by this ad) cause the proceeds of such sale to be paid into the bank of England,, there to remain, subject to such orders as his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, may from time to time think fit to give thereupon ; or in cafe such proceeds shall arise from a sale made under the directions of the high court of admiralty, as herein-before provided, then subject to such orders as the said court shall make concerning the fame, or such part thereof, for which a claim shall have been made and adjudged by the said court.

XXVII.  And be it further enaded. That all goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, produd, or manufacture of India or China, or other parts within the limits of the exclusive trade of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, fo imported or brought into this kingdom, or detained in the ports thereof as aforesaid, shall be brought into the port of London, and lodged and secured in the warehouses of the said united company, under the order of the diredors of the said united company; and the laid goods, wares, and merchandize, fo lodged and fecured, being duly entered, shall from time to time, upon requisition made for that purpose by the proprietors or owners thereof, or by the commilfioners to be appointed by virtue of this ad, respectively be exposed to fale, and fold at the publick sales of the laid company, by order of the court of directors of the said company for the time being, either for home con-fumption, or for exportation to some of his Majesty’s European dominions, or for the purpose of exporting the fame to any country not being a part of his Majesty’s European dominions,, as shall be expressed and specified in any such requisition refpedively, under and subject to such rules, regulations, conditions, and reftridions, as the goods, wares, or merchandize of the like forts, imported by the said united company, may by law be fold, and to such other rules and regulations, and to luch agreements, as may be made by the proprietors or owners thereof, or by the said com-millioners refpedively, and the said court of diredors.

XXVIII.  Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend to preclude the said united company from becoming the purchasers of any of the said goods, wares, or merchandize, or to hinder the said owners or proprietors, or the said commifiioners, to be appointed by the authority of this ad refpedively, from contracting with the faid

united

Regulations respecting goods, &c.

„ of the limits of the trade of the East India company:

the company may purchase such goods;

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgit III. c. So. 277

united company for the sale to them of any of such goods, wares, or merchandize ; but it {hall and may be lawful for the laid united company to purchase the fame of and from the said owners and proprietors, or the said commissioners refpedfively, and for the said owners and proprietors, and commiftioners, to fell the fame to the said united company; any thing herein, or in any other aor ads, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIX.  And be it further enaded, That on all goods, wares, and shall be or merchandize, fo imported or brought into this kingdom, or c^t^n detained in the ports thereof, and fold at the publick Tales of the as are*1 said united company, the said company shall be entitled to receive, fold at their and shall be paid, out of the proceeds of the Tales thereof, for and Tales.

in respect of the landing, cartage, warehoufing, charges of fale, and other charges thereon, an allowance, not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum on the gross sale amount thereof ieve-' rally and refpedively.

XXX.  And be it further enafled, That if the commiflioners!^r|^°tQS^* to be appointed by virtue of this a£T (hall make any requisition for ^on-for the sale of any of the goods, wares, or merchandize, deposited fumption in in the warehouses of the said united company as aforesaid, for his Majesty's consumption within any of his Majesty’s European dominions, it European do-fhall and maybe lawful for the said commiftioners to contraft father al-with the said directors for a further allowance out of the proceeds lowance to be of the sales thereof, by way of compensation in refpecSl thereof; madethecom-and if the said commiftioners, or if any of the said owners or proprietors, making any the like requisition for the sale of any of to^ellThera, the said goods, wares, or merchandize for consumption as afore- &c.

faid, {hall decline to agree with the said diredfors for the making of such further allowance as aforesaid, it {hall and may be lawful for the said diredlors to forbear to fell the goods, wares, or merchandize in any such requisition exprefied or fpecified, unless for exportation to fo me place or places not being within any of his -Majefty’s European dominions; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXI.  Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared,

That nothing contained in this aeft {hall be construed to compel

the court of direblors of the laid united company to expose to expoie to sale sale for home consumption any tea which, according to the prac- for home con-tice that hath of late times obtained in the Tales of the company’s fumption, unown tea, would not have been deemed fit and proper to be fold ^ tca* by them for home consumption ; but that in respect to all such tea as on an examination thereof (hall appear to the said directors, either on account of any damage it may have received, or by rea-fon of its condition or quality, to be unfit for sale for home con-* fumption, or as on the {hew or publick exhibition thereof shall or may be objected to by brokers or dealers in tea, as being unfit for sale for home confumption, the said direblors {hall, and they are hereby required to forbear to expose any of such tea to sale * for home confumption, or for any other purpose than for exportation only to some country or place not being within his Ma-

t 3  jetty’s



27S Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80. [1795.

Accounts of proceeds of sale to be fettled*

Proceeds of goods pur-chafed by the company, or fold at their Tales at the owners requeft,to be accounted for to them; and of goods fold to them by the corn-million ers, or at their re-queft,to be carried to account, with 4I. per cent, in-tereft, &c.

CommifTion-ers of customs and excise may dirc<5t the delivery of goods out of theeompany’s Av-irehoufcs for exportation to places without his Majesty’s European dominions.

jefby^s European dominions; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.  v

XXXII.  And be it further enadted, That, from time to time* when and as often as the proceeds of each respective sale {hall have been paid into the treasury of the said united company* the said directors shall cause a perfect account of the particulars of such sale to be delivered to the said owners and proprietors, or to the said commissioners refpe&ively; which said owners and proprietors, or commiffioners, fhall, and they are hereby autho-rifed and required refpedlively, to adjust and fettle every such account with the proper officer or officers of the said company, and the fame, being fo fettled and adjufted, to allow thereof by signing or attesting the fame, and that such allowance shall be valid and effectual in law.

XXXIII.  And be it further ena&ed, That the net proceeds of all such of the said goods, wares, and merchandizes, as shall be purchased by the said company of and from the said owners and proprietors, or which, on the requisition of the said owners and proprietors, fhail be fold at the publick sales of the said company, shall (after deducting the rates and allowances authorised by this adl) be accounted for and paid by the said company to the said owners and proprietors Entitled thereto refpedlively; and that the net proceeds of all such of the said goods, wares, and merchandize, as shall be fold to the said company by the commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this adt, or which shall be fold at the said publick fales, on the requisition of the said commiffioners, shall (after deducing the rates and allowances authorised by this act as aforefaid) be carried to an account to be raised in the books of the said united company, and placed to the credit of the said commiffioners, and shall afterwards be subject to be iflued, and shall be paid by the said company, pursuant to such orders as his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, may from time to time think fit to give therein, together with interest for the fame, after the rate of four pounds centuni per annum, until the payment thereof, such interest (as to the goods fold at the publick sales of the said company) to be computed from the time when full payment of the proceeds of each respective sale shall have been made, and in respect to such goods, wares, or merchandize, as shall be purchased by the said company, from the time to be fti-pulated for that purpose by and between the said commissioners and the directors of the said company.

XXXIV.  Provided always, and be it further enadfed, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty’s customs and excise in England for the time being, from time to time, upon requisition to them made by the said owners or proprietors, or by the commissioners to be appointed by virtue of -> this adl, severally and respectively to direct the delivery out of the warehouses of the said united company of any goods, wares, or merchandize depolited therein by virtue of this adl, previous to any sale made thereof, in order to the exportation of the fame to some place or places, not being a part of his Majesty’s European

dominions $

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. So. 279

dominions ; and that such goods, wares, or merchandize, fhall

accordingly be delivered out to be exported to such place or places,

not being a part of his Majesty’s European dominions, pur-

fuant to the direction of the said commissioners of cuftoms, under

fuch or the like securities as are by law required to be given for

the exportation of goods entitled to a drawback, and on payment

being Arft made to the said united company of the charges which

fhall have been incurred by them in refped! thereof, together with

a reasonable fatisfacflion for the use of their warehoufes, and that

the unrated or ad valorem duties chargeable on the said goods,

wares, and merchandize, shall in every such cafe be ascertained to

the satisfaction of the commiilioners of the cuftoms, upon a fair

eftimate to be made of the true and real value thereof,

XXXV,  And be it further enacted and declared, That the Parts of several clauses and enadtments contained in an a<5t of the thirty- 33 Geo* z* third year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for continuing in g^tendto this the East India company for a further ter?n the p offeffion of the British territories in India, together with their excluftve trade, under certain limitations; for efablijhing further regulations for the government of

the said territories, and the better adminif ration ofjufiice within the fame ; for appropriating to certain uses the revenues and profits of the said company; andfor making provision for the good order and government of the towns ^Calcutta, Madras, a?td Bombay ; fo far as the fame providefor exepmting the said united company from the claims of individuals in respect to any embezzlement, wafte, lofs, or damages of goods, wares, or merchandize therein fpecified; or as direct that the deeds of covenant, engagements, or fecurities, given to the said united company by their officers and fervants, for the safe custody of the goods, wares, and merchandize, of the said company, shall extend to the custody and care of goods, wares, and merchandize, of individuals; or as render any such officers or servants liable to costs and damages at law for embezzlement, wafte, Ioffes, or damages, therein also fpecified, shall be, and are, by force and virtue of this ad!, extended, and shall be construed to extend, to all goods, wares, and merchandize, which, by this ad!, are placed in the poffeftion, care or cuftody, of the said united company, or the directors of the said company, their officers or servants refpedbively, for the better protecting the fame from fpoil, embezzlement, or lofs.

XXXVI.  Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted

and declared, That if any goods, wares, or merchandize, of the Goods unlaw* growth, production, or manufacture of India or China, or other fully landed parts within the limits of the excluftve trade of the said united may be fcized, company, imported or brought into this kingdom, or detained in the ports thereof as aforesaid, except such articles of wearing apparel, jewels, watches, trinkets, plate, pictures, prints, drawings, china, or earthen ware, glass framed or unframed, books, furniture, or linen, which shall be permitted to be imported for private ufe, without the payment of duties, according to the provisions of this a£t, shall be landed or unfhipped, or taken from on board of any ship or veffelj otherwise than for the express purpose of

t 4  bringing

280 Anno regni tricesimo qninto Georgii III. c. 80. [179^.

bringing the fame into the vvarehoufes of the said united company, according to the provisions in this aft contained, the good, wares, and merchandize, which shall be fo landed, unfhipped, or taken from on board of any such (hip or veflel, and which shall not be duly brought and deposited in the said warehoufes, according to the directions of this aft, and the true intent and meaning thereof, shall be deemed to have been illicitly imported, and shall and Perfons un- may be feized, and shall be forfeited ; and that all and every per-lawfully land- fon and persons who shall have fo unshipped or landed the fame, li^fe°to S#&C* or  ^ave a<^ec^ therein, or procured the fame to be fo done,

nalty. ° and  persons in whose custody any of such goods, wares, of

merchandize, fo unlawfully landed or unfhipped, shall be found, shall be deemed and accounted to have unlawfully traded and trafficked therein, and shall be subject and liable to such several pains, penalties, and forfeitures, for unlawfully trading and traf* ficking to the Eajl Indies, or other parts Within the limits of the exclusive trade of the said united company, as are in that behalf provided or imposed by theaforefaid aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty as aforesaid, or in any other aft or afts in force for protecting and preserving to the said united company the benefits of their said exclusive trade; and that all penalties and forfeitures to be incurred as aforesaid shall Recovery and and may be sued for, recovered, and applied, in the fame or the

application of ]j]ce manner respectively as by the said aft of the thirty-third year Densities  *

*  '  of his Majesty’s reign, or by any other aft or afts in force as

aforefaid, is or are directed in respect of any feizures, penalties, or forfeitures, to be made or incurred for any unlawfully trading or trafficking within the said parts or limits, contrary to the provisions thereof refpeftively.

Vefielsdetain* XXXVII. And be it further enafted, That if any ship or ed, or brought veflTel fo detained in, or brought into, this kingdom as aforesaid, into the king- {ball be wholly owned by any of the subjects or inhabitants of the r°1fte™e^for United Provinces as before defcribed, who shall have qualified the European themselves in manner herein-before mentioned, or by any fub-£rade.  jest or subjects of his Majesty, either wholly or jointly with any

of the said perfons, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to order any such ship or vessel to be registered in the manner herein-before mentioned, and to have a .certificate of foreign fhip’s registry for the European trade only, and to enjoy the privileges thereof in the fame manner, and subject to the fame conditions, rules, and regulations, and duties, as are herein-before mentioned respecting the registry of such ships and vefiels belonging to subjects of the United Provinces.y or to persons having been inhabitants thereof before the nineteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as shall have come into the ports of this kingdom to take the benefit of the aft, or of the ordfers in counoil herein-, before mentioned.

XXX VIII. And whereas^ for the p^efervation of certain cargoes, cr parts of cargoes, which were of a perijhable nature on board certain fdps or vejfels brought into unci detained in the ports of his fla-

j0f

\

4

*795-1 Anno regm tricesimo qumto Georgii III. c.  281

jefty s dominions, the fame have under the special circumfiances of the cafe, been ordered to he fold; be it enated, That the com mifii- Proceeds of oners to be appointed in manner herein-before directed fhal! and cargoes of a may give the fame directions refpeting the proceeds of such fale, which*" and such proceeds (hall be fubjet to the fame order, and be liable have’beenfold, to the fame claims, as if such commifiioners had taken such car- to be subject goes into their poflefiion, and had caused sale thereof to be made to lhe orcler in pursuance of the authority given to them by this act; and that ^iffioner™ it (hall not b2 lawful for any person to prosecute any claim, or maintain any fuit or ation refpeting any such cargoes, or parts of cargoes, or the proceeds thereof, except in the manner herein specially provided.

• XXXIX. And whereas certain ships and vejfels have, hy special orders in council, been permitted, 'at the requejl of the owners or proprietors thereof under the special circumjlances of the cafe, to take the benefit of the said recited ad, and of thefaid orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-firfi days of January lafl, upon declaration of such ships or vefels having been bound to some of the ports of the said United Provinces, though fuss dent proof could not be made thereof: and whereas it is expedient thatfuch ships and vejfels, with their cargoes,, Jhould be exempted from allforfeitures, and all persons who have acted or shall ad, in bringing in the fa?ne, or who have acted or who shall ad in pursuance of or according to such special orders, ought to be indemnified in the fame manner as iffuch ships and vejfels, with their cargoes, had been entitled to take the benefit of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twentyfirfi days of January lafl, and in the fame manner as persons acting in pursuance of or according to the said laft-mentioned orders, have been exemptedfrom forfeiture, and indemnified by the said recited ad: and whereas it is probable that the owners of other such ships and vejfels may requejl, under the special cir-cumjlances of the cafe, to have the like permiffion: be it further en-ated, That it shall and may be lawful, at any time before the Within fix expiration of fix calendar months after the palling of this at, to months after permit, by order in council, such ships or vefiels, under such  ^car^

fpecial circumfiances, to take the benefit of the said recited at, goes of'^jpg and of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-firfi permitted, by days of January lafl; and all goods, wares, merchandize, and special order efrets, brought in the fame, shall be exempted from all Forfeitures, and all persons who have ated, or shall at in bringing in the fit>ofrecited fame, or who have ated or who shall at in pursuance or accord- adt, Scc. ex-ing to any such special order in council, shall be indemnified, and empted from shall be released and discharged in the fame manner as is provid- forfeiture, ed in the said recited at, refpeting ships and vefiels, and goods, wares, merchandize, and efFets, brought in ships or vefiels entitled to the benefit of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-firll days of January lafl j and that all such ships and vefiels, and all goods, wares, merchandize, and efFets, brought in the fame, shall be admitted to the fame privileges and advantages, as to importation, warehoufirjg, or exportation, and {hall be liable to the payment of the fame duties, and be entitled to the fame drawbacks^ and shall fc>€ fubjet to the fame conditions,

rules.

zSz Anno regni tricesimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 8r. [1795.

rules, regulations, reftri&ions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are herein provided rcfpe£ling {hips and veflels,. and goods, wares, merchandize, and effe&s, tha^ have come into the ports of this kingdom to take the benefit of the said recited a6b, or of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-firft days of "January laft.

CAP. LXXXI.

An aft to apportion the reliefs by the several fiatutes now in force dire tied to be given to the families of non-commijftoned officers, drummers, fifers, and privates, serving in the militia, between the county at large and the peculiar difirifts therein not contributing to the county rate, according' to the number of men ferv-ing for each in such militia ; and to remove certain difficulties in respect to the relief of families of fubfitutes, hired men, or volunteers, serving in the militia.—[May 22, 1795.]

Preamble. Xff7HEREAS, in a?id by several afts of parliament, relating to VV the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, provision is made for the relief of the families of militia men chosen by lot, and of ferjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers, serving in the militia, in the cafes in the said afts jnentioned: and whereas there are within this kingdom divers cities, boroughs, towns, and places, being counties of themfelves, and other cities, boroughs, towns, and places, which are entirely independent of the rate called The County Rate raised and ajfejfed in and for the county at large, of which such city, borough, town, and place, is and are respectively deemed within and made part, for the purposes of the militia laws: and whereas such counties at large, and such cities, boroughs, towns, a?id places, ought respectively to contribute to such relief of the families of such militia men chosen by lot, according to the locality of the parish for which such militia man shall ferve, and of such ferjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers, under the said afts, proportionably, according to the number of men respectively raised in each of them j and no provision is made in the said afts for that purpose: therefore be it enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in all cafes where in and by the said adls now in force, or any of them, tobe'boTne b a certa*n num1°er of militia men are directed to be raised for any the country at county, together with or including any city, borough, town, or large, or the place, being a county or district of itfelf, not contributing to the

refpe&ive said general county rate, the several sums of money already raised places, not and paid}

or hereafter to be raised and paid, under the said a£fs of £0 the county parliament, to and for the relief of the families of such militia '  men chosen by lot, shall be paid and borne, out of the said feveral

rates, by the treasurer of the county at large, or such city, borough, town, or place refpeftively, for which the said militia man whose family may want relief shall ferve.

II.  And be it further enafted, That the several sums of money commifhoned raised and, paid under the (aid a£ts to 3tnd for the relief of the families

Relief to the families of militia men

rate for which the men ferve;

and to famU lies of non-

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8i#  283

milies of such ferjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers refpec- officers, he. tivelv, shall be divided and apportioned between and borne by \? be appor-fuch county, and such city, borough, town, or place, being a in^ to the county or diftridf of itfelf, or not contributing to the said general numbers of county rate, in such proportions as the respective numbers of mi- men to be litiamen apportioned to be raised in and by such county, and by such city, borough, town, and place, respectively bear to fuch^^^ce. other.

III.  And be it further enadled, That the treasurer of such Treafurers to county and such city, borough, town, and place refpedtively, are demand and hereby authorised and required to demand, receive, and make, tions^accord-payment of such proportions and furns of money of the treasurer ingto33 Geo* of such other county, city, borough, town, and place refpedtively, 3. c. 8. the one to the other of them, as the cafe may require, in like manner as in and by a certain adt of parliament, made and passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty’s regin, intituled*

An aft to provide for the families of person s chosen by lot to serve in the jnilitia of this kingdom, and of fubjlitutes serving therein ; and to explain and amend an aft of parliament, pajfed in the twenty-fixtb year of his present Majefy, intituled, ‘An aft for, amending., and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England,5 is directed and required, in cafe of payment to the families of militia men chosen by lot, ferjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers, serving in the militia of any county, riding, city, town, liberty, divifion, or place, other than the county, riding, city, town, liberty, divifion, or place, where such family shall dwell.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Difputestobe

if any dispute or disagreement shall arise as to the proportion fo  ^ute-

to be paid as aforesaid, or any other matter or thing relating nant) or three jthereto, or to the payments under the said adts, or this a61, the deputy lieu-lord lieutenant of the said county at large, and in his absence the tenants* deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, at any meeting

called or to be called under the militia laws, or any of them, shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby empowered aru} required to adjust and fettle the fame, whose decision therein (hall be final; and the said lord lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, is and are respectively hereby authorised and empowered to call for, require, and infpedl, the account and accounts of every such treasurer and treasurers refpedtively, for the purpose of adjlifting and settling the said proportion.

V.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Tn places not

in all cities, towns, liberties, divifions, and places, which do contributing not contribute to the said general county rates, and where no to the county treasurer is yet appointed, the justices of the peace far every such treasurer city, town, liberty^ divifion, and place, in ^afe there -are any, appointed, the, and if hot, then the justices of thp county wherein such city, justices may town, liberty, divifion, and place, shall be, shall and may, and appoint one, they are hereby required, at their general quarter feflions, to f^p^nts6 &c0 appoint a treasurer $ and fhall, from time' to fime^ aftefs upon  *  °

every

284 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81. [1795.

every parifh, tything, townfhip, hafalet, and vill, within the liberties of such cities, towns, liberties, divifions, and places, in fiich proportions as the rates heretofore made for the relief of the poor have usually been assessed ♦, and shall cause to be paid, out of the money collected and levied for the relief of the poor of every such parifh, tything, townfhip, hamlet, and vill, into the hands of such treafurer, such sum and sums of money as are, fhall, and may be in their difcretion, necessary for the purposes of this a£t; and such treasurer shall pay and dispose of the fame accordingly, and shall be and a£t in all refpe£t§, in refpedf to the pro-viftons ofthisadt, the fame as the treasurer or treasurers of pecu-*  Jiar districts where a publick stock is now raifed.

VI.  And whereas doubts and difficulties have arisen as to the extent of the power of jujlices of the peace to make orders for the relief of the

families of fubflitutes, hired men, or volunteers ; be it enacted by Juftices may the authority aforelaid, That, from and after the pafling of this order relief to act, it shall and may be lawful for justices of the peace to make fubftkutesS or<^ers ^or t^ie re^ef t^ie families of fubflitutes, hired men, or hired men and volunteers, serving in the militia, when embodied and called out volunteers. into actual fervice, and ordered to march, becoming chargeable to the parifhes, townfhips, or places, where such families shall dwell, out of the poor rates of such parifh, townfhip, or place, not exceeding such sum or fums, as by the said acts are directed and authorised with regard to the families of men chosen by lot, and of ferjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers.

VII.  And whereas doubts have arisen as to the power of the jufices at the general quarter feffions, to make and enforce orders on overseers of the poor of the partjh, townjhip, or place, for which fubfitutes Jerve, fer repaying the money to the treasurer of the county, ridings or place who shall advance and pay the fame, in pursuance of the said a£t, to the treasurer of the county, riding or place, where the family of such fubfiitute divells, unless the relief was afforded under orders pre-vioufy made by a justice of the peace, and accounts of such payments tranfmiiied from time to time, quarterly, by the treasurer of the county, riding, or place where the families of such fubfitutes reside and dwell, to the treasurer of the county, riding, or place, for which the fubfitutes serve \ and such orders have been frequently made after the relief afforded, and the parish officers have not applied for or been repaid the fame quarterly ; be it further enacted by the authority

Quarter fef- aforesaid, That thejuftices of the peace of any county, riding, or

fions to allow place, to the treasurer whereof any certificates of orders and ac-

made^the counts monies paid for the relief of the families of any fubfti-

families of  tutes not ^ave ^een transmitted by the treasurer of any other

fubflitutes,  county, riding, or place, in the manner and within the time

though ac-  directed by the said adt, fhall, and they are hereby required* at

counts have  thejr next or any subsequent general quarter sessions to be held

not been tran- r  ~  ^  ,  •  r v

fmitted quar- a^ter t“e Pamng of this act, to enquire into and examine any such

terly, &c.  account, and to allow all such payments as shall have been adtu-

ally made, whether the orders for the relief were made before or

after the relief afforded, and although the accounts thereof fhall

not have been transmitted quarterly, and forthwith to make

orders

I795-] Anno regni trlcefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 82, 83. 285

orders for the overfeers-of the poor of the parifh, townfhip, or place, for which the substitutes shall ferve, to pay the fame to the treasurer of the county, riding, or place, in which such pa-rifh, townfhip, or place, shall be fituated, out of the poor rates of such parifh, townfhip, or place, within fourteen days next after such allowance of any such account, which treasurer fhall, and he is hereby required, to pay or remit the amount of such account within fourteen days next after the receipt thereof.

VIII.  And whereas the collecting and receiving such fu-ms of money four times in the yearfrom a great number of parijhes is and will be attended with very confiderable trouble and expence ; be it further ena£ted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Treafurersre. passing of this adt, the treasurer of the county, riding, or place, paying over* who shall repay to any overseer of the poor of the parifh, town- relief fhip, or place, where such families shall dwell, shall transmit a given to such certificate of the order of the justice allowing such relief (whe- families, to ther made before or after such relief being afforded), and also an transmit the account of monies fo repaid by him, from time to time, either yearly at the Eafer feffions, or quarterly, (as required by the said account, to aeft), to the justices of the peace of the county, riding, or place, the justices of in the militia whereof such substitutes shall ferve, which accounts the place for fo received shall be allowed by the justices at such feftions, who ^tes\crv<f*~ shall forthwith make an order for the overseers of the poor of the who (hall or-parifh, townfhip, or place, for which such substitutes shall fprve, der payment to pay the fame to-the treasurer of such county, riding, or place, outofthepoor out of the poor rates of such parifh, townfhip, or place, within rates* twenty-one days next after such sessions shall be held as aforesaid, which treasurer fhall, and he is hereby required to remit or pay the amount of such account, within fourteen days after the receipt thereof, to the treasurer of the county, riding or place, transmitting such certificate and account as aforefaid.

C A P. LXXXIL

An act for enclofing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking, and improving the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, commons, waftes, and other uninclosed grounds, within the township of Gainfburgh, in the parish of Gainfburgh, in the county of Lincoln ; and alio for making a compensation for the tythes ariling within the said townlhip, and within the lordship of Thonock, in the laid parifh.—[May 32, 1795 . J

c A P. LXXXIII.

An aft for augmenting the royal corps of artillery, and providing fea-faring men for the service of the navy% out of the private men noiu serving in the militia \ and to amend an aft-y pcijfed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prejent A'lajefly, intituled, An a£f for amending, and reducing into one a& of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England.—[June 2, 1795*J

WHEREAS in the present conjuncture it is' expedient to aug.- Preamble. merit the royal corps of aitillery, and also to transfer to the service of the royal navy such fe afar ing men as are now serving in the

militia

Colonels to discharge militia men trained for the artillery, who

tillery.

4-86 Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 83. [1795*

militia forces of this kingdom : may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enafted; and be it enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (ball and may be lawful for every colonel or commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, of any county, riding, or place, and he is hereby required and directed to discharge any shall desire it, number of private men, who have been or may be trained as

lHUif th ^r11* art^ery nien> if any such there be in such regiment, battalion, or 1 in e ar- corpS Qf miiftia^ not exceeding one out of every fifty private men of the whole effective establishment of such regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, who shall refpeftively, from and after the passing of this aft, desire such discharge for the purpose of enlifU ing themselves in the royal corps of artillery; and every such private man fo enlisting shall be entitled to his discharge from such regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, and on receiving such discharge shall and may be enrolled in the said corps of artillery, and shall have and be entitled to the like allowance of fubfiftence, pay, and cloathing, and shall serve therein, subject to, and upder the like laws, rules, and regulations, as the reft of the said corps of artillery; any law or statute to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding,

II.  And be it further enafted, That it shall and may be lawful may dire# the for his Majesty also from time to time to authorise and direft the discharge of colonel or commanding officer of every such regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, from time to time, to discharge every private man serving in such regiment, battalion, or corps, who shall desire his discharge for the purpose of entering into the navy of haveferved in ^reat ^r^iny and shall have agreed to enter into such fervice, the navy. * an(f w^° fhall, to the fati-sfaftion of his colonel or commanding officer, prove that he has actually and fora fide ferved, at leaft, three years atfea ; and every such private man, on due proof and examination on his oath, before any justice of the peace of the county or place where such regiment, battalion, or corps shall be quartered or placed, (which oath every such justice is hereby authorised and required to adminifter), as well as in regard to the time of his service at fea, as to other' circumstances necessary to satisfy such colonel or commanding officer of the faft of such fervice, shall be entitled to his discharge in the manner hereinafter mentioned, and thereupon shall and may be examined by such officer or officers as shall be appointed for this fervice, and if approved of by him or them shall be delivered over to such officer or officers, and enrolled in his Majesty’s naval fervice, subject to and under the like terms, conditions, rules, regulations, and provisions (except as herein is otherwise provided) as are made and provided for raising men for the service of the navy, by an aft, pasted in this present session of parliament, intituled. An did for raising a certain number of men, in the several counties in 'England, for the service of his Majeftfs navy; all which terms, conditions, rules, regulations, and provisions in the said aft contained,

His Majesty

private men from the militia who are desirous to ferve, and

Not more than a certainnum-

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 83.  287

tained, (hall (as far as the fame are applicable) be extended, applied, and put in force for accepting, approving, receiving, enrolling, detaining, and conveying such private men, who shall be discharged from the militia by virtue of this aft, as fully and amply as the fame are or may be applied in respect of the men enrolled under the aft before mentioned; and all such men fo Time for discharged as aforesaid, on their fo engaging to serve in the navy,

(hall be liable to serve therein during the continuance of the pre- j|^je to ferve

fent war, and for the space of three calendar months after the end jn the navy.

of the war, if the (hip on board which such persons shall ferve

fhall be in any of the ports of Great Britain, or otherwise for the

fpace of three calendar months next after the arrival of such (hip

in such port.

III.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the colonel or commanding officer of any

•  1  ’  ..  n *■  J  a  u

regiment, battalion, or corps or militia, mail not at any one time ber 0f men to difcharge, or caufeto be or have difcharged, in pursuance of this be discharged aft, from the said service in the militia into the said corps of artil- at on- time: lery, and into the navy, more in number than one in ten of all the private men then enrolled in his said regiment, battalion, or independent company, unless or until other men, according to the direftionsof this aft, in the proportions herein-after fpecified, shall be raised and enrolled in the room of the private men before difcharged; and that whenever such colonel orcommanding officer when the pro shall have discharged from his regiment, battalion, or indepen-dent company, such proportion of one in ten of men enrolled as certificates of aforesaid, he is hereby required to cause certificates of the num- the number to ber of men fo difcharged, who shall respectively have been en- be transmitted lifted or entered in either of the said services of the artillery and ^nceandad navy, signed by the adjutant of such regiment, battalion, or ^JaftyT * independent company, to be transmitted to the officers of the ordnance and admiralty refpeftively; and every such certificate shall contain the names of the men fo difcharged, and of the officer or officers of the artillery or navy to whom they shall respectively have been delivered.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Men may be his Majesty’s lieutenant and deputy lieutenants respectively of the raised by beat county, riding, or place to which the regiment, battalion, or rom^of those independent company, from which such private men shall be f0 difcharged, difcharged, doth belong, and also the colonel or commanding

officer of such regiment, battalion, or independent company, and every other commissioned officer, duly authorised by the commanding officer, of such regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall be, and each of them is hereby empowered, by beat of drum, or otherwife, to raise volunteers from time to time, to be inrolled as private men in such regiment, battalion, or independent company, in the room of such private men as fhall, from time to time, have been discharged in pursuance of this aft; and that the colonel or commanding officer, whenever the num- and when they ber of private men fo discharged shall be replaced by new recruits, ^ fom^obe fhall, and he is hereby required to certify the fame, by writing Cenifi^\o°the

under secretary at

288 Annexregni tricesimo qulnto Georgiii III. ch 83. [1795.

war, and after under his hand, to thefecretary at war to be laid before his Ma« 5 an<^ lt an<^ may  f°r  colonel  or  com-

men may be& rnanding officer thereupon, and upon receiving the directions of made, &c. his Majesty for that purpose, to proceed to dilcharge such further number of private men as (hall delire their dilcharge, in the manner and for the purpose herein-before directed, fo as not to exceed the proportion aforesaid, and which men, fo difeharged, shall and may, from time to time, be replaced in the manner before directed ; and fo the said colonel or commanding officer {hall continue from time to time to discharge all such private men as (hall be desirous of their difeharge, until the proportion of men herein-before specified {hall-have been supplied for the royal corps of artillery aforesaid, and also until all the seamen or seafaring men desirous of entering into the navy, shall have been dif-Men entering charged for that purpose in the manner before mentioned ; and ler° or^av " Pr^vate rnen f° difeharged, and entering into the corps of entitled to'  artillery or navy, shall be entitled to the usual allowance of

bounty.  bounty paid to men entering in the corps of artillery and navy

refpedtively.

Volunteers in v. And be it further ena&ed, That all volunteers who (hall

^difeharged ra^e^ and enrolled as private men in such regiment, battalion,

entitled to& or independent company, to supply the place of those fo dif-

bounty, dec, charged, {hall be entitled to the lame allowance of bounty, fub-

fiftence money, arms, and cloathing, as the other private men

of the regiment, battalion, or independent company; and that

the colonel or commanding officer fhall, from time to time, as

he shall find mod convenient, or as shall be required, certify to

his Majesty the number of volunteers who shall have fo been raifed

and enrolled as private men as aforesaid, until the whole number

of discharged men shall be replaced ; and that all persons who

fhall engage to serve as private men as aforesaid, in pursuance of

this adf, shall be enlisted to serve for the fame period for which

the persons were liable to serve whose places refpetftively they

fhall be enlisted to fupply,

For every man VI. And be in further enadled, That for every man difeharged

fo discharged from any ree;iment, battalion, or independent company of mili-ten guineas to .  „ v ^ o *'  J

be paid to pro-  pursuance  of  this  aeft,  the  colonel  or commanding officer

vide others, of such regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall be entitled to receive, in the manner herein-after mentioned, the sum of ten pounds and ten fhillings, to be applied in providing Perfons re- other private men to replace the number fo discharged ; and that ceiving men the officer of the corps of artillery, or person appointed to receive ler^rnav^" anY rnan fo discharged from the militia who shall enlist in the to deliver to f*aid corps of artillery, and the officer of the navy, or person ap-the regiment pointed to receive any man fo discharged who shall enter into the from whence service of the navy, shall respectively deliver to the colonel or corn-certificates  rnanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or independent company

which (hall from which such men were difeharged, a certificate under the entitle the co- hand and feal of such officer of artillery or of the navy refpeflively, Ionel to receive specifying the names of the men fo difeharged, the regiment, fromThere- battalion, or corps of militia, from which every such man was

difeharged,

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo qui’nto Georgii III. c. 83.  289

difcharged, and the service into which he has entered and been cejvcr general accepted, which certificates shall be attested by the commandingbe^epaM ^ officer or adjutant of the said regiment, battalion, or corps of by the militia; and such certificates, being transmitted to the receiver ordnance and of the land tax of or for the county or riding to which the regi- admiralty, ment, battalion, or independent company aforesaid doth belong, shall entitle such colonel or commanding officer to the payment of the sum of ten pounds and ten (hillings for every man specified in such certificate, to be applied for the purposes before mentioned ; and every such receiver shall be, and is hereby empowered and required, on demand made, and production and delivery of such certificate, to pay the said sums out of any monies in his hands of the publick rates, taxes, or afTeffinents, taking the receipt of such colonel or commanding officer for the fame; and all sums of money fo paid on account of the men enlisted in the said corps of artillery shall be carried to the account of the treasurer and paymaster of the ordnance, and all sums fo paid on account of the men entered in the navy shall be carried to the account ofthe treasurer of the navy, and upon production and delivery of such certificates and receipts at the ordnance and navy offices refpectively, shall be immediately duly paid by such treasurer and paymaster of the ordnance, and such paymafler of the navy reflectively, to such receiver general of the land tax advancing the fame, or to his order.

VII,  And whereas, by the said a ft, puffed in the twenty sixth year of his Majejlfs reign, intituled, An act for amending and reduc- G^°*3- c. ing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in recited 5 * that part of Great Britain called England, it is enaftefi that when any colonel or other commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or independent company^ f)all be absent from Great Britain, all the poiv-ers by the said aft given to such colonel or other commanding officer shall be vefed in and lawfully may be exercised by the next officer in command in such regiment, battalion, or independent company, wlw fall be ref ding within Great Britain, until such colonel or other com-manding officer shall be retumiedto Great Britain, and shall have notified his arrival to the clerk of the peace of the county, ridings or place to which such regiment, battalion, or independent company belongs ; and the clerk of the peace is by the said aft required to tranf-mit an account thereof' to the officer who fall have: been next in command as aforefaid; and all afts, matters, and things done by such officer next in command as aforesaid, in exercising the poivers given by the said aft to coloneU and other coimn anding officers, fall be good a?id valid in the lazv, equally as if they had been done by the colonel or commanding officer himfelf: and whereas doubts have arisen -concerning the powers by the said aft given to the next officer in command in any regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, who shall be refuting in Great Britain when the colonel or other commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, or independent company shall be absent from Great Britain, and until he shall have notified his arrival in Great Britain as aforefaid; and confiderable inconvenience has arifen> and may arife, by reason of such doubts: be it further enabled,

Vol. XL.  yU  That

290 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 83. [179*5. When a colo- That when any colonel or commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia shall be absent from Great Britain, and until he (hall return to Great Britain, and {hall have notified his arrival in the manner required by the said recited aft, it shall and may be lawful for the King’s mold excellent majefty, by warrant under his sign manual, to direft and the^powers'of or^er that the officer next in command who shall be residing in the colonel, Great Britain (hall, in all cafes, aft and be dealt with as the com-

pel is absent from Great Britain, his Majesty may invest the fe-nior resident officer with

see.

manding officer of such regiment, battalion, or independent company; and that all powers and authorities which might have been exercised by such colonel or commanding officer fo

/  •  f  O

abfent as aforesaid, if in Great Britain, (hall be verted in and exercised by the next officer in command in such regiment, battalion, or independent company, who shall be resident in Great Britain; and, from and after issuing the said warrant as aforesaid, all matters and things which ought to be transacted and done by any other person or persons with such colonel or commanding officer, whilst resident in Great Britain, shall be transacted and done, during the time aforesaid, with such officer * fo next in command as aforesaid, who shall be residing in Great Britain ; and all money directed to be ifiued or paid to, or to the order of, such colonel or commanding officer, for the use of such regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall be blued and paid to, or to the order of, such officer next in command as aforesaid ; and all afts* matters, and things done by and with such officer fo next in command as aforesaid, during the time aforesaid, which are or shall be authorised or required to be done by or with such colonel or commanding officer when in Great Britain, shall be good and valid as if done by or with such colonel or commanding officer ; and during the absence from Great Britain of the colonel or commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, *or independent company, and until he shall return to Great Britain, 'and notify his arrival as aforesaid, the next officer in command in such regiment, battalion, or independent company, who shall be residing in Great Britain, shall appoint the regimental or battalion clerk, and agent to such regiment, battalion or independent company, in the fame manner as such colonel or commanding officer might have done, and shall take security from such agent, -and shall be and is hereby madefubjeft and liable to make good all deficiencies that may happen from the said agent, or from himself upon account of Che pay, cloathing, or publick flock of Officer aflum- such regiment, battalion, or independent company: provided al-ing such pow- ways^ that such officer next in command as aforesaid, who shall the abfence^of aflhme*the powers fq given to him by the said recited aft, and by the colonel to this aft, in consequence of the absence from Great Britain of his

the county lieuten?,nt,and when in actual fervice, to the secretary at war".

Money for payment of

colonel or commanding officer, fhall, within seven days after he shall affiume any such powers, notify the absence from Great Britain of such cblonel or commanding officer to the lieutenant of the county, and alfo, when the regiment, battalion, or company shall be in actual fervice, to.the fecr&ary at war : provided alfo, that if any fuqh colonel or commanding officer as aforesaid shall o  '  have

%

J795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii HI. c. 83.  291

have given any orders for cloathing or other neceffaries, or for ac- cloathing, Accoutrements, which ought to be provided in due eourfe, or in Jheo^erwho pursuance of any order by proper authority, at the time when orc}ered the such order (hail be given, for the use of his regiment, battalion, articles, or company, and before such orders shall be completed, or after the fame shall be completed, and before the money shall be issued for the fame, such colonel or commandingofficer shall leave Great Britain, the orders fo given by such colonel or commanding officer shall nevertheless be completed, and the money to be issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the order of such colonel or commanding officer, notwithHanding his absence from Great Britain, as aforesaid ; and in like manner if any officer fo next in command as aforesaid fhall, in consequence of the absence from Great Britain of his colonel or commanding officer, and under the authorities given to him as aforesaid, give any orders for cloathing or other neceiiaries, or for accoutrements, v/hich ought to be provided in due courfe, or in pursuance of any order by proper authority, at the time when such orders shall be given, for the use of his regiment, battalion, or company, and before such orders shall be completed, or after the fame shall be completed, and before the money which ought to be issued shall be issued for the fame, the colonel or commanding officer (hall return to Great Britain, and notify his arrival as aforesaid, the orders fo given by such officer fo next in command as aforesaid shall be completed, and the money to be issued in refpefit thereof shall be paid to the order of such officer, notwithstanding the return of such colonel or commanding officer as aforefaid.

VIII.  And be it enadted. That his Majesty, his heirs and fuc- His Majesty ceffors, fhall, from time to time, as he and they shall think fit,

fignify his and their pleasure to his and their lieutenants of any tenants and" county, riding, or place, to displace all or any deputy lieutenants officers to be and officers in the militia; and thereupon his Majesty’s refpec- displaced, tive lieutenants shall appoint others within the fame county, riding, or place, under the like qualifications, to serve in their Head.

IX.  And whereas, by an joB paffied in the twentv-pxth year of 26 Geo, 3. c. the reign of his present Majefiy, relating to the militia forces in Eng- *o;. f. 89, land, it is end5lecL> that any prjeant or corporal of the militia ?nay, rcclte(h

by sentence of a court martial, be reduced to the condition of a private

militia man, to serve as such. during any time not exceeding fifteen

months ; after which time, if not regularly re-appointed io the rank

of a non-commijfoned officer, he fall be difeh urgedfrom the service ;

which provifon has in many cafes been found to be inconvenient: be it

therefore enadled, That, from and after the palling of this adf,

the said clause shall be repealed; and that any serjeant or cor- and repealed.

poral of the militia may, by sentence of a court martial be reduced Serjeants and

to the condition of a private militia man, to serve as such during corporals may

any time not exceeding fifteen months, in cafe the regiment or be reduced to

corps to which he belongs shall not be then embodied or called krve *s Prl“

out into actual fervice, and in cafe the regiment or corps to t^n

which he belongs shall be then embodied or called out into adual

U 2  fervice.

292, Anno regni tricesimo ^uinto Georgii III. c. 83. [1795;

fervice, to serve as aforesaid until the difembodying of the said regiment or corps, after which time, or at the end of the said fifteen months, as the cafe may be, if not regularly re-appointed to the rank of a non-commiltioned officer, he shall be discharged from the fervice.

in the other forces to vacate those in the militia, (except as colonel).

to make their clt&ion, See.;

X.  And whereas doubts have ar'ifen whether the acceptance by officers of the militia of cormniffions in his Majesty's regular forces, or in any fencible or volunteer corps, do vacate their com?nifftons in the ?niliiia; for obviating such doubts for the future, be it ena<fted CcKnmi\h0^3°^ anc* declared, That, from and  after the passing of this a<ft, the

acceptance by any officer of the  militia of this kingdom (except

the colonel) of any commission in any of his Majesty’s other forces, whether liable to serve  out of Great Britain, or within

the lame only, fhall, from the  date of such commission fo ac-

cepted, absolutely vacate and make void any commission the said .  officer may hold in the militia forces of this kingdom, to all in-

holffiif^com1*-3 tents ar>d purposes whatsoever •, and all officers of the militia of millions in the this kingdom (except the colonel) who may heretofore have other forces accepted commissions in any of his Majesty’s other forces as aforesaid, and now hold the fame, together with their militia commiffions, fhall, and they are hereby required, within one month after the passing of this a£l, to make their eledfion whether they will continue to serve in the militia, or such other of his Majesty’s forces, and (hall also within the fame time notify such their election in writing to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, to which the regiment, battalion, or corps, in which they may at the time hold their militia commiffion, shall belong, and also to one of his Majesty’s principal secretaries of ftate, in order to such notification being inserted in the London Gazette; and the commissions of all such officers, in such regiment or corps wherein they shall not make their election to lerve, fhall, from ,  and after such notification, be abfoiutely vacated and made void,

^d,f not done to ap jntents and purposes whatfoever; and in cafe any of the ed time! their taid °fhcers shall neglect or refuse to make and notify such election within the time aforesaid, the militia commission of such office fhall, from and after the expiration of one month, to be computed from the passing of this act, become vacated and made void, to all intents and purposes whatfoever, any law, ufage, or practice, to the contrary in anywise notwithftanding; and that every person holding the commission of colonel in the militia, to receive only who fhall, after the passing of this a6l, raise any fencible corps, the pay there- shall receive only the pay of such fencible corps to which he be-of, and not to longs, and it shall not be lawful for such colonel to.adfinany ffiiain 1 C m " refpe(^ as c°l°nel in the militia, until such fencible corps is re-Countv lieu duced > and that it shall and may be lawful for the lieutenant of tenants may the county to which such militia belongs to appoint an additional appoint an ad- major to such militia regiment, with the pay of fuch, during the <1 iticmal major time the duty of such coloners service in the militia is suspended by ]onefts^er\dce a<^ > ai)d  aRd m2LY tawful to try such colonel as a

i-s iufpended. fencible officer only, by a court martial composed as courts martial are for trying officers in fencible regiments^ any law to the contrary

commiffions in the militia to be void.

Militia colonels railing fencible corps



1795*] Anno regni tricemfio quinto Georgii III. c. 84—88. 293

trary notwithflanding; provided neverthelefs, that in cafe any Colonel to be commission in any militia regiment, now held by any officer officer0" serving In a fencible regiment, shall not be filled up at or before ^ommj^ons the time such fencible regiment is reduced, it {hall and may be t^e lawful for such officer, after such fencible regiment is reduced, now held by with the consent of the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place,1 fencible offi-to which such militia belongs, to resume and a6t under his mi-litia commission in like manner as if such militia commission had their corns never been vacated by this acft.  may be re-

XI.  And be it further enabled, That whenever any certificate, fumed, signed by the colonel or commanding officer of any regiment, On receipt of battalion, or independent company of militia, shall be transmitted certificates ot to the deputy lieutenants of the subdivision for which any private  ^

militia man shall have been enrolled, of any such private militia man men> the de* having died, or been appointed a ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, puty lieute-in the militia, or been discharged as being unfit for fervice, or nants tocau in pursuance of the sentence of a court martial, such deputy ballot ted for lieutenants fhall, and are hereby required to cause such vacancy to be filled up by ballot, immediately after the receipt of such certificate.

CAP. LXXXIV".

An aft for continuing several a6ls palled for the better regulation of laftageand ballaltage in the river Thames.—[June 2, 1795.]

A (ft 6 Geo. 2. c. 29. for the regulation of laftage and ballaltage continued to June 24, 1805.

x  CAP. LXXXV.

An a<ft for making and extending a navigable cut from the town of Watford, in the county of Hertford, to the town of Saint Alban, in the fame county.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An a<ft to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several acts of the lixteenth and seventeenth of King Charles the Second, and of the leventh of his present Majesty, relating to the navigation of the river Itchin, in the county of Southampton, and for improving the navigation thereof, and for ascertaining the rates of carriage, average, and wharfage, payable thereon.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An a<ft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from and out of the navigation from the Trent to the Mercy, at or near Stoke upon Trent, in the county of Stafford, to the town of Newcaftle under Lyme, in the said county.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An aft- ta. remedy certain omijjtons in an aft, passed in the laji JeJfian qf parliament^ intituled, An a61 for the discharge of certain in-folvent debtors.—[June.22* 1795*]

WHEREAS an aft, faffed in the left fejfeon of parliament, preamble.

intituled, An a6t for the discharge of certain insolvent 34 Geo. 3. c, deb.tors3 did not extend, to the relief of all the petfons to lyhorn it was 69> recited.

v 3  mptnx

294 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii II,L c. 88. [1795.

i , meant to extend, owing to the cir cum fiance offevered prifoners, who lucre in cujhdy on the twelfth day of February one thou lend seven hundred and. ninety-four, and had continued in cujlody from that time, having, during the time of their imprifonmeni, been removed by writ of habeas corpus, or by other means, from one prison to another, after the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four: be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confer^ of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflemblcd, and Gaolers to by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the pa (Ting of inake out lifts this acl, all and every gaoler or keeper of any prison within this vvh^^on Feb kingdom (ball and is hereby required to make a true, ex ad, and 12, 1794, and perfect lift, alphabetically, of the name or names of all and every at the time of person and persons deferibed in the said add, who, upon the said making out, twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-were in cu - four^ was or Were in the custody of any gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of any prifon, and at the time of making out every such lift (hall be really an actual prisoner or prisoners in the cul-tody of the gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, of any prilon, making and delivering such lift, which lift (ball be delivered and dealt with in like manner as is directed by the said ad with re-fped to the lifts therein mentioned.

And be it further enaded, That the warden of his Majesty’s delivering inn Pr'l^on of the Fleet, and the marshal of the King's Bench prifon, Ms, to take 2nd every other gaoler and keeper of any other prifon, (ball fe-the following verally, on the delivering in of such lift of prisoners in their respective cuftody, take an oath in the open court ot general quarter fefiion of the peace, or at some adjournment thereof, to the following effect:

cafh*  FA.  B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God,

^ do Jolemnly fwear, profefs, and declare, That all and every person and perfons, whose name or names is or are inserted in the hjl by me now delivered in and fubjcribed, have been, to the befi of my knowledge and belief really and truly prisoners in my actual custody ever face the refpethve days and times in such lijl mentioned; and that it appears by the several returns and affidavits of the several gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, in whose cujhdy the said several persons have been, previous to their being committed into my cuftody, that they VJcre really and truly prisoners in athial cujlody on the tweflth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, at the fuit or fiats of the several .perfon or persons therein refpcBively mentioned

Sfdeak^wFh  said oath, and the words thereof, lifts, and copies of lifts,

as dirc&M^by  entered, kept, and dealt with in manner in the said act

recited act. 7 directed respecting the oath, lifts, and copies of lifts, therein mentioned.

Prifoners to III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, take the fol- That, instead of the oath by the said ad directed to be taken by lowing  •'  “  such

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 88.  295

fuch prisoners as in the said a61 are defcribed, an oath to the following effect (hall be taken by them refpe£tively:

T A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God., oath, ^ do solemnly fwear, proteft, and declare, T/W on the twelfth day of February thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, I was really and truly a prisoner in actual cujlody of the keeper of fo?ne gaol or prison at the fuit of  »  without any fraud or

collufion whatever, and that I have ever since my commitment con~ tinued a prisoner in actual cujlody, at the fuit of

and without any fraud or collusion zvhatever; and that the schedule now delivered by me, and fubfcribed, doth contain, to the bejl of ?ny knowledge, remembrance, and belief, a full, juft, true, and perfect account and dijcovery cf all the goods, effects, and ejlates, real and perfonal, in pojfejfion, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy, which I, or any person in trujl for me or for my benefit or advantage, am or is seised or pojfejfed of, interested in, or entitled to, or which was or were in my pojfejjion at any time since my commitment to prifon, and of all debts zvhich are to me owing, or to any person or persons in trujl jar ine, and of all the securities and contrasts whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to ?ne, or to my ife, or to any person or perjons in trujl for me, and the names and places of abode of the fever al persons from zvhom such debts are due and owing, and of the witnejfes that can prove such debts or contrasts (if any juch there be) and that neither I, nor any other person or perjons in trujl for me or for ?ny ife, have any lands, money, fiock, or any efiate, real or perfonal, in pojfejfion, reverfion, or remainder, or expeStancy, other than what are in the said schedule contained, except wearing apparel and bedding for myself and family, zvorking tools, and necejfary implements for my occupation and calling, together with a, sum of money not exceeding five poundsx and these in the whole not exceeding the value of thirty pounds; and that I have not, nor any body for me hath, direSily or indireSlly, fold, lejfemcl, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in trujl, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, flock, debts, fecurities, contrasts, or eftaie, real or perfonal, zvhereby to secure the fame, or to. receive or expeSl any profit or advantage thereof, or with intent to de~ fraud or deceive any creditor or creditors to whom I am or was indebted inanywife howfoever.

So help me GOD.

IV. And be it further enabled, That instead of the oath di- Gaolers on rented by the said a£t to be taken (if required as therein mentioned)  be

by the gaoler, or person who acts as gaoler or keeper of any such <jifcharged to prifon, at the time of bringing up any such prisoner in order to be take the fdl-difcharged, an oath to the following cffebt (if io required) shall lowing be administered and taken;

J A, B. do fwear. That  was,  as  I  verily  oath.

A believe, a prisoner in cufkdy at and upon the xzvelfth day of February one thousandfeven hundred and ninety-four^ and that the copy

u 4  on

‘296 Anno regni tricesimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 89. [1795.

or copies, account or accounts of the cause or causes of his [or her] commitment or detainer, noiu by me broughi with the body op' the said and produced to this court, is or are a true copy or copies, account or accounts, of the cauje or caujes of finch detainer or commitment, ivithout any fraud or deceit by me or any other person zvhatfoever, to the befl of my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

Recited aft to y. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That foners meant" a^ anc* ever7 claufes, powers, provifions, penalties, rcgula-to be dif- tions, and direddons in the said ad contained, {hall apply to the charged under cafes of the prisoners meant to be dilcharged under this ad, in the this ad. fame manner as if the said claufes, powers, provifions, penalties, regulations, and diredions, were herein inferred and enaded.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An at7 for making perpetual an aft made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majefly, to clifcontinue the payment of the duties in Scotland upon lozu zvines and fpirits, and upon worts, zvafh, and other liquors, there used in the dijlillation of fpirits; and for regulating the exportation of Britifh-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; to continue fo much of an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majefly, as permits fir William Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, to carry on the manufacture ^/'Maidftone geneva; and to make perpetual the duties granted by an aft, made in the twenty-Jeventh year of the reign of his present Majefly, upon worts, wajh, and other liquors, for extra ft ing spirits for home confumption.— [June 22, 1795 ]

WHEREAS the laws herein-after mentioned have been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefly, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an ad, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majefly, intituled, An aft to continue two afts made in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majefly, cfor dif continuing, for a limited time, the fever al duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and fpirits, and upon vjoits, wafh, and other liquors there used in the dijlillation offpirits, and for granting to his Majefly other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of RriuSh-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England ; and to continue, for a limited time, an aft, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his present Majefly ,9 u to dif continue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption ; and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; andfor the better regulation of the making and vending British fpirits; and for difeontinuing for a limited time, certain imposts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the Weft Indies;5’ and for

amending

Preamble*

30 Geo. 3. c» 37*

1795-] Annoregni trlcefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 89.  297

amending the /aid aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majejiy s reign ; and such parts of the said a£ts of the twenty- ^ ^ fixth, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth years aforesaid, (fave and c# 73. except the duties imposed by the said a£t of the twenty-eighth 28 Geo. 3. year of the reign aforefaid), as were continued by the said a£t ofc- 4<5- and the thirtieth year aforesaid, until and upon the fifth day of July ^ /exceptas one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one ; and by another adthereby ex-of the thirty-firfl: year of the reign aforesaid, until and upon the cepted), which fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; were con-and by another a<5l of the thirty-third year of the reign aforesaid,  ^  35

until and upon the first day of December one thousand seven hun- tc^Dec! 1* dred and ninety-five, and from thence to the end of the then 1795, made next session of parliament, shall be, and the fame are hereby perpetual, made perpetual.

II.  And whereas by an aft, made in. the thirty-third year reign of his present Majejiy, intituled, An adt to continue certai ties of excise on foreign spirits imported into this kingdom, for a limited time, and also for continuing certain laws of excise therein mentioned; reciting, that certain rules, regulations, refriftions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, were, by an aft made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majejiy, provided, fettled, and ejlablijhed, for the manufacture of spirits called Maidftone Geneva, ejlablijhed at Maidftone in the county of Kent, by George Bifhop of that place, and that certain duties were by the said aft, and by another aft made in the thirty-firfl year of the reign of his said Majejiy, imposed on the said George Bilhop for and in respect of wash produced by him from malt or other corn; and that the said George Bifhop was lately dead, and fir William Bifhop knight, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, were become pojfeffed of the dijiillery andpre?nifes, in which the said George Bifhop deceased carried on the manufacture of such Maidftone geneva at Maidftone aforesaid, and that the faidfir William Bifhop, George Bifhop and Argles Bifhop, were desirous to carry on the manufacture of, and to snake spirits commonly called Maidftone Geneva, in the [aid dijiillery and premises at Maidftone aforesaid, under and subject to the like duties, rules, regulations, rejlriftions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, as the J'aid George Bifhop deceased carried on in the manufacture of, and made spirits commonly called Maidftone Geneva; and that it was expedient to allow the said fir William Bifhop,

George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop,y? to carry on such manufafture, and to make such fpirits, it zvas enacted that it should and might be lawful to and for the said fir William Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, and the Jurvivors and survivor of them, pojfeffed of the said dijiillery and premifes, to carry on the manufacture of, and to make spirits commonly called Maidftone Geneva, in the said dijiillery and premises at Maidftone aforej'aid, until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, under and subject to the like duties as were imposed on the said George Bifhop deceafed, by the said afts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-firfl years of the reign of his said Majejiy: and whereas it is expedient to allow the said fir William Bifhop, George Bifhop, and Argles Bifhop, y? to carry on such manufafture, and tp make such fpirits, for a further term : he

it

of the 33 Geo. i. n du- c‘ reclte<L

298 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90. [1795.

Sir William it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall and Company1 may may  to  an<^  i°r  the said fir IViliiam Bijhop, George Bijhop y

continue to ^ and Argles Bijhop, and the survivors or survivor of them, possessed make Maid- of the said diftiiiery and premifes, to carry on the manufacture of, Rone gm till and to make spirits commonly called Maidflone Geneva, in the IVoJe&to the ^lK‘ difliiiery and premises at Maidflone afore laid, from the said dutiesimpoied fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, on the late until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred George Bi- and ninety-seven, under and subject to the like duties as were im-°P*  poled on the said George Bifiop deceafed, by the said a6ts of the

twenty-eighth, and thirty-fir ft years of the reign of his faidMajefty.

III.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Duties^3"nT^f" That the several duties of excise which were, by an aCl palled in a. c. r-7. "  * the twenty fevcnt'n year of the reign of his present Majesty, far

on wath brew- repealing the'feveral duties of cu/loms and excife, and granting e'd in England other duties in lieu thereof imposed for a limited time, for or irv reirpe(?c °f fermented wort or wash brewed or made in that part home con- °lC Great Britain called England, for extracting spirits for home fumption, confumption, from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mix-* which were tore with the fame, and for or in respect of cyder or perry, or eo,Q^KCi ky other wash or liquor brewed or made as aforesaid, from any fort c%9^ to3* or kind of Brit If materials, except such as are before mentioned, July 5, 179-5, or from any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home made perpe- confumption, and for or in relpeCt of fermented wort or wash ttia^  brewed or made as aforesaid from mehfies or fugar, or any mix-

ture therewith, for extrading spirits for home confumption, and for or in respect of walla brewed or made as aforesaid, from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign^ materials, except melalfes and fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extrading spirits for home confumption, and which were, by several ads made in the twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-fir ft, and thirty third years of the reign of his present Ma-, jefty, continued until and upon the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, (hall be, and the fame are hereby severally and respectively made perpetual 5 and the said duties shall severally and respectively be paid and payable by the several and respective makers and distillers of such wort, wafh, cyder, perry, or other liquor refpedively, at such times, and in such manner, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as the said duties, by the said act imposed and hereby continued and made perpetual, were severally and refpeCtively payable by law under or by virtue of' any acSt or acts of parliament in force immediately before the paf-fing of this act, and shall continue to be paid into the receipt of his Majelty’s exchequer at Wcjlminjler, (the charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), and be carried to, and-made part of, the confoiidated fund.

CA.P. XC

An aEt for regulating the (hipping "and carrying jlaves in Britifti vef-felsfrcm the coast of Africa.—[June 22, 1795*]

Preamble  HERE  AS  it  is  expedient  to  regulate  the  Jhippmg  and  carrying.

VV Jlaves in British vejfels from the coafi.\ of Africa,/^ a limited

time j

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. o. 90, '  299

time; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhallnot be lawful for From Aug* any mafler or other person taking or having the charge or com- fe7i^g”^nve^ mand of any Britijh ship or vessel whatever, which {hall clear 0Lut from s out from any port of this kingdom from and after the firfl: day of Great Britain* Auguft one thousand seven hundred and ninety-live, to have on to carry flaves board at any one time, or to convey, carry, bring, or tranfport, from ^rica flaves from the coaff of Africa to any part beyond fea, in any nUmbers than such (hip or veflel, in any greater number than in the proportion herein fpeci-of five such flaves for every three tons of the burthen of such fed.

(hip or veflel, fo far as the said {hip or vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one tons ; and moreover of one such Have for every additional ton of such ship or vessel over and above the said burthen of two hundred and one tons, or male flaves who {hall exceed four feet four inches in height, in any greater number than in the proportion of one such male Have to every one ton of the burthen of such ship or veffel, fo far as the said {hip or vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one tons ; and moreover of three such male flaves, who shall exceed the said height of four feet four inches, for every additional five tons of such ship or veffel, over and above the laid burthen of two hundred and one tons ; and Vefiels to be every such ship or vessel shall be deemed and taken to be of such tonnage or burthen as is deferibed and fet forth in the respective forthTn their certificate of the registry of each and every such ship or veffel, certificates of granted in pursuance of an a£t, made in the twenty-lixth year of regiftry. the reign of his present Majefly, intituled, An aft for tbs furth er increase and encouragement offlipping and navigation; and if any such Mafters of mailer, or other person taking or having the charge or command vessels to for-of any such {hip or veffel, shall acontrary hereto, such mailer or eve^flave1* other person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the sum of thirty exceeding the pounds of lawful money of Great Britain for each and every such limited nam-flave, exceeding in number the proportions herein-before limit- her. ed ; one moiety whereof (hall go to his Majefly, his heirs or fuc-ceffors, asnd the other moiety thereof shall go to any person or persons who shall first sue for the fame : provided always, that if ^ m<2f ^ia° there shall be in any such ship or vessel any more than two fifth ofThe flaves part of the flaves who shall be children, and who shall not exceed be children, four feet four inches in height, then every five such children, over five of the and above the aforesaid proportion of two fifths, shall be deemed ^urP^us t0 be and taken to be equal to four of the said flaves, within the true to f^u^flaves1^ intent and meaning of this .a<51 : provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the cafe of a ship taking on board any number of flaves that shall be found fhipwrecked, or from on board any other ship or vessel where, by reason of mutiny or insurrection among the llaves, or the crew, or by failure of hands, or by any a£lual distress of the veffel, the master or commander shall be disabled from governing the fhip, or continuing the voyage, the proof of which shall lie

upon

they land any Caves in the Weft Indies, to give in a written declaration to the officer of the cuftoms

See-

and if they land Caves contrary

300 Atfno regni tricesimo quinto Geokgii III. c. 90. [1793.

upon the mailer or other person having charge of such ship or vettel fo taking on board such Haves.

Mailers of II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That veffels, before on the arrival oftany such ship or veifel in any iiland in the IVeji Indies, belonging to or under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, from the coast of Africa, carrying or conveying, any such Haves as aforesaid, the matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vettel fhall, before any of the said Haves shall be unshipped or landed from __  such ship or vettel, repair to the nearest cuttom houfe, and there

of the burthen give in a written declaration to the collector, or other chief officer of the veffels, of the cuftoms, who is hereby required to accept and preserve the fame, of the burthen of such ship or vettel, and fhall, at the fame time, shew to such officer the certificate of the regittry thereof j and shall also give in a written declaration to the said officer, (who is hereby required to accept and preserve the fame), containing anexadl and true account of the greatest number offuch Haves, (diftinguifhing the number of males and females, and fpe-cifying the number offuch Haves as shall exceed the aforesaid height of four feet four inches), who are or shall have been at any one time in or on board such ship or vettel, before, when, or after, such ship or vettel quitted or departed from the coast of Africa for that voyage; and if such matter, or other person taking or having the charge or command of any such ship or vettel, shall hereto, to for- unfhip or Jand, or shall cause to be unihipped or landed, or shall fdt 500I. wilfully permit or suffer to be unshipped or landed, any such flaves, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a6f, such matter or other person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the furn of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain for every such offence, and one moiety of the said forfeiture shall go _  ~ Ffh to ^IS Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety fhall

cce6 o e gQ to the person or persons who shall first sue for the fame ; and it shall and may be lawful for such collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms, and he is hereby required to fearch,. or to cause search to be made in every part of such ship or vettel, to fee and vdfels &c. to take an account of the number of such flaves on board such on penalty of ship or vettel, and to specify in such account the number of males 500!.  and females, and also the number of flaves not exceeding four

feet four inches in height, and without delay to transmit such account, attested under his hand and feal, to the commissioners of his Majesty’s customs in London, under the penalty of five hundred pounds: provided always, that in cafe the said colle£for or other chief officer of the customs shall be abfent, or that there shall be no such officer in any such ifiand where the said ship shall arrive as aforesaid, or in cafe there shall be no other officer of the declaStion°of revenue> ^len any civil officer in the said island shall be, and he the mafltr, is hereby authorised and required, upon application as aforesaid, &c.  to receive and preserve the said declaration of the burthen of fuch

fhip as aforesaid, and to perform all the other duties aforesaid which the said collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms. is hereby required to perform.

III. And

cuftoms to take an account of the flaves on board such

Where there is no officer of the cuftoms, any civil officer to receive the

 ^ooQle

1795-1 Ann0 regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90-  301

III.  And be it further enacted. That if any person making any Penalty on declaration, by this a£t authorised or required to be made,

therein be guilty of wilful falfehood, or if any person (ball procure or suborn any person to become guilty of such wilful falfehood, every such person (hall be deemed guilty of a mifdemea-nour, and mall be punished by such fine as the court, before whom such offender (hall have been tried and convidted, (hall think fit to order or adjudge, and also by imprisonment for any time not exceeding twelve nor less than three calendar months from the time of such (entence.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That^fve^

it shall not be lawful for the mailer or other person taking, or;.flavc^unlefe having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel as entered for aforesaid, which (hall be cleared out from any port in Great Bri• that purpose tain, after the first day of Auguji one thousand seven hundred ninety-five, to take or have on board such lhip or veflel, or con- ]efs the Purvey, carry, bring, or tranfport, any flaves from the coafl: of Africa geongive to any parts beyond the feas, in any such ship or vessel as afore- bond to keep faid, unless such ship or vessel (hall, at the time of her fo clearing ^ out, have been entered for such purpose at the custom house of during the the port from whence such ship or vessel cleared out, and unless voyage; the surgeon of or belonging to such ship or vessel shall have given bond to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and shall have left the fame in the hands of the collector or comptroller of the cuf-toms in the port from whence such ship or vessel shall depart for such voyage to the coafl: of Africa, in the penal sum of one hundred pounds, with condition that such surgeon shall keep a regular and true journal, containing an account of the greatest number of flaves which shall have been, at any time during such voyage, on board such ship or veflel, from the time of the arrival of such ship or vessel on the coafl: of Africans aforesaid, until her arrival at the port of her delivery, diftinguilhing the number of males and females, and of the deaths of any such flaves or crew of the said ship or veflel, and of the cause thereof, during the voyage from the first departure of the said ship or vessel to her arrival on the coast of Africa, during her stay on the said coafl, and after her departure from thence to the said port of delivery, or during such time as such surgeon (hall have been on board such ship or veflel; and that the said surgeon shall deliver such journal is to journal to the collector or other officer as aforesaid, at'the first ^ tlfe^offic-r Britift) port where such (hip or vessel shall arrive after leaving the Qf thecuf-^ coast of Africa, and shall deliver in a written declaration of the toms, at the truth of such journal, to the best of his knowledge and belief, to Aril Britiih such collector or other officer as aforesaid, who is hereby required °^r" to accept and preserve the fame ; and such collector or other of- ^  ’

ficer as aforesaid (hall deliver to such master or other person as ih^to the^* aforefaid^and to such surgeon refpedliveiy, copies of thg declara- master a COpy tion of such master or other perfon, and of such surgeon as afore- of his declira-faid, and also of the said journal, which copies (hall severally be tion, and to attested (as true copies) by such collector or other officer as afore- ™yUof * said under his hand and feal; and duplicates of the said copies, journal anci

attefted

 GoOglC

ers of the cuftoms.

302 Anno regni tricesimo qumto Georgii III. e. 90. [i 795.;

tranfmit du- attested in like manner, (hall be transmitted by the said colledor, commiihon^6 °r ot^er officer, to the commissioners of his Majesty’s cuf-toms in London ; and if such mafter, or person taking or having the charge or command of any such ship or veffel, shall carry his cargo of ilaves to, and land the whole or any part in, any port or ports not subject to the crown of Great Britain, and shall afterwards arrive at any Britifb island or port, having delivered the whole or any part bf his said cargo, such master or other perfon, and also the surgeon of such ship or veffel, shall make the fame declaration, deliver in the fame journal to, and take thefame oaths before the collectors, or other chief officers of the cuftoms, or civil officer of the island or port, and receive the fame attested certificate, in like manner as if he had first arrived at such island or port; and if the said ship or vessel shall not arrive at any Bri-tijh island or port before her return to Great Britain, then the said master or other perfon, and furgeon, shall make the said de claration, deliver in the said journal to, and take the said oaths before, the coftedbr or other chief officer of the customs of the port where they shall first land, which the collector or chief officer is hereby empowered and required to receive and adminifter, and the said colledor or other chief officer shall forthwith transmit the fame to the commissioners of his Majesty’s customs in London ; Matters or and if such master or surgeon shall ad contrary hereto, such maf-furgeons ad- ter or surgeon {hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of hereto1 to*for- one hundred pounds, one moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, feit iool. his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof shall go to any person or persons who shall sue for the famed If penalty on V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That matters be not jn cafe the master or other person having or taking the charge or da^s'thdr114 comniand any such ftnp or veffel, shall be convicted of any one veffeis may be °f the said offences before mentioned, and (hall not, within the seized and  space of fourteen days, pay or cause to be paid, into the hands of

fold.  the proper officer of the court wherein the offence shall be profe-

euted, in order that the fame may be applied in manner herein direded, the amount of the penalty on such convidion, it shall and may be lawful for any admiral, or other commander at fea, cf any of the ships of war, or other ships having commission from his Majesty, or from his heirs or fucceffors, or for any governor of any island or plantation to his Majesty belonging in America or the Weft Indies, or for any officer or officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms, to seize and detain the said ship or vellel wherever found, and to convey the fame to the custom house nearest to the place where she shall be found; and the colledor, or other principal officer of the customs of such custom houfe, fhall, and he is hereby required to cause every such ship or vessel to be fold pubiickly by audion, and the produce arising by such sale thereof to apply ; towards satisfying the laid penalty ; and if there shall remain any overplus, to pay the fame over to such perfori or persons as shall prove his, her, or their property therein, or to his, her, or their lawful affigns.

VI. And

1795-3 Anno regni tricesimo qmnto Georgii III. c. 90.  30J

VI.  And ^whereas it may happen that the majler or other person On arrival of

having the command of such Jhip or vejfel fo profecuied and con-'  Gr

vitted may be unable to pay such penalty or penalties incurred • be it the Weft In-enadled, That as Toon as such ihip or vessel shall arri ve in any dies, the own** of the said iflands, and due notice of such arrival shall have been ers to give given at the custom house thereof, the owner or owners of the  Qf

faid ship or veflel, or his, her, or their factor or agent to whom penalties.0 such ship and cargo are conhgned, shall give bond in the penal

fum of five thousand pounds to the collector or other officer of the cuftoms, for the full and just payment of such penalty or penalties as may be awarded against such captain, or other officer, by the veraidl of a jury: and it is hereby enacted, That Veffils not to no such ship or vefiel shall be permitted or suffered to enter ^ entv^tifl or clear inwards, until such bond shall be first given > and it fliail is^given, be lawful for any officer of the customs to detain such ship or See. veflel, with all her cargo on board, until such bond shall be enter- Su-tg tQ be ed into as before required : provided always, that no fuit against commeilced such captain, or other officer, shall be prosecuted in any ifland, within one unless the fame shall be commenced within one month after-due month, notice given of the (hip’s arrival to the colledtor or other officer of the customs in the said iflands.

VII.  And be it further enabled' by the authority aforesaid,

That the several penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this aft shall and may be sued for, profecuted, and recovered, in any court of vice admiralty in any part of America., or in any island in the Wefl Indies, wherein any such offence shall have been committed, or wherein any such ship or vessel shall have disposed of the whole or any part of her cargo, or in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wefminfer, or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh.

VIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That in every such ship or veflel, the upper as well as the lower ^nef lowe^ca-cabin, and the space between decks., shall be allotted and properly bin, and the prepared for the reception of such' (laves; and that alter any such space between ship or vessel shall have taken two third parts of her complement decks,j:o be^ of flaves on board, in the proportions herein-before limited, no flavelf <kc ^ goods, wares, or merchandize, {hill ever be flowed or put in any such cabin or place in which any fiich flaves shall be.

IX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That,

from and after the first day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred ^and of a and ninety-five, it shall not be lawful for any person to become a veflel, who is mafter, or take or have the command or charge of any such ship not qualified or veflel, at the time he shall clear out from any port of Great  and

Britain^ for purchasing' and carrying flaves from the coast of also the owner Africa, unless such mafter, or person taking or having the charge shall forfeit or command of any such ship or veflel, shall have made oath, 5ooh and delivered in to the collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms, at the port where such ship or vessel shall clear out, a certificate, attested by the refpeciive owner or owners, that he has already served in such capacity during one voyage, or shall have served as chief mate or surgeon during the whole of two

voyages.



3° 4

Former ads, recited,

and nothing therein to make void insurances made in the fame general terms as other infurances, but under them no damages (hall be recoverable in certain cafes.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Grorgh IILc. 90. [1795.

voyages, or either as chief or other mate during three voyages, in purchasing and carrying Haves from the coast of Africa, under pain that such matter or other person taking or having the charge or command of any such ship or veffel, and alfb the owner or owners who shall hire or employ such perfon, (hall, for every such offence, respectively forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds*

X.  And whereas by an at7, made in the thirty-third year of his present Majefly’s reign, and several preceding afts, it is enafted^ that, from and after the fir ft day of Auguft one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, it should not be laivful for any owner or owners of any (hip or vessel to insure any cargo of Jlaves, or any part thereof on board the fame, againjl any loss or damage, five and except the perils of the fea, piracy, infurrftion^ or capture by the Ring’s enemies, barratry of the mafier and crew, and defir uc-tion by fire ; and that all and every policy of infur atice thereafter made contrary to the said aft Jhould be^ and the fame are thereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever : and whereas the owners of ships and others concerned in the trade to Africa, under (landing that it was merely intended by the above-mentioned provision of the said aft^ to prescribe and specify the particular kinds of loss and damage for which alone an indemnity Jhould thereafter be recoverable in respect to cargoes of (laves, and not to interfere with or vary the particular forms of the policies of infur ance^ whereby such insurances had been theretofore effefted, have continued to male insurances on the perils and dangers allowed to be insured by the said aft in the fame general terms as are contained in the comtnon policies theretofore used in other insurances on ships and goods : and whereas doubts have arisen respecting the validity of such insurances fo made on cargoes of Jlaves, on account of the policies whereby the fame <are effeftftd not being expressly refrained to the particular peril and dangers which are by the said provision of the said aft alone saved and excepted as the subjects of lawful infurance: for remedy whereof, and for the more effedfual security of such perfons, be it therefore enadfed by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said adl, or any former adt contained, (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any insurance already made, or which hereafter shall be made, upon fhips, Haves, goods, and merchandize, in the fame general terms with the policies now commonly made use of in all other insurances on ships and goods, (that is to fay), on account of their expressing to be made, ctagainft the rifles and perils of the feas, men of war, fire, enemies, pirates, rovers, thieves, jettizons, letters of mart and countermart, furprizals, takings at fea, arrefts, rettraints, and detainments of kings, princes, and people, of what nation, condition, or quality, foever, barratry of the matter and mariners, and of all other perils, Ioffes,and misfortunes, that have or shall come to the detriment or damage t hereofprovided neverthelefs, that under such policies of affur-ance fo made, or to be made, no loss or damage shall be hereafter recoverable on account of the mortality of Haves by natural death or ill treatment, or against lofs, by throwing overboard of Haves,

on

3°5

1795J] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90.

on any account whatfoever, or against ]ofs or daniage by reftralnts and detainments by kings, princes, people, or inhabitants of Africa, where it {hall be made appear that fitch Jofs or damage has been occasioned through any aggression for the purpose of procuring flaves, and committed by the mailer of any such {hip, or by any person or persons commanding any boat or boats, or party or parties of men belonging to any such fhip, or by any person or persons aCling by the direction of any such mailer or commander refpedlively.

XI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforcfaid, That No vessel to no such {hip or vessel {hall be allowed to clear out, unless it shall c^agCcI appear to the colle&or, or other principal officer of the customs fu^geon who at the port, that there is one surgeon at lead engaged to proceed has passed hia ' on board such {hip or veffel, and un’efs such surgeon {hall have examination, produced and delivered to such collector or other principal officer

of the cuftoms, a certificate or warrant of his having paffied his examination at the surgeons hall, or at some publick or county hofpital, or at the royal college of physicians or royal college of surgeons at Edinburgh, or shall have served as surgeon or fur-geon’s mate in his Majesty’s fleet or armies, of which certificate or warrant the said colledlor or other principal officer {hall give to the said surgeon an attested copy, gratis.

XII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That if it shall be made appear, to the satisfaction of the collector

or other principal officer of the port where such {hip or ve{fel ^cllea^°n 0 shall be difcharged, that there shall not have died more than in shall be fatif-the proportion of two flaves in the hundred, from the time of the fled that there arrival of such {hip or vessel on the coast oI Africa, to the time of have not died her arrival at her port of discharge in any of the islands of the  hanlf6

Weft Indies, belonging to or under the dominion of his Majesty, flaves in the his heirs or fucceflors, in such cafe the collector or other prin- 100, he is to cipal officer fhall, and he is hereby authorised and required to ^^to^he make out certificates, specifying the number of flaves that appear ^after^nd^ to have been taken on board the said {hip or veflel, and the furgeon, and number that have died within the period above-mentioned, one on production of which certificates shall be delivered to the mailer, and the other thereof to the to the surgeon of such {hip or veffel, and on production of such ei^of the^ certificates, the commissioners of his Majefly’s customs in Eng- cuftoms, they land and Scotland refpe&ively, fhall, and they are hereby authorised are to order and required to dire# the furn of one hundred pounds to be paid the matter to the mailer, and the sum of fifty pounds to be paid to the fur- surgeon jo if geon of such {hip or veflel, out of any money that {hall be in the hands of the receiver general of the customs of England and Scot-land refpe&ively; or if it £ball be made appear to the collector or ^ike cerfcifi-pther principal officer as aforesaid, that there {hall not have died given^here more than in the proportion of three flaves in the hundred, from the mortality the time of the arrival of such {hip or vessel on the coast of Africa has not been to the time of her arrival at her port of discharge in any of the rnore than 3 said Weft India iflands, in such cafe the collector or principal of- ^hich is*to ficer as aforesaid fhall, and he is hereby required and authorised to entitle the make out like certificates, and to deliver one to the master and master to 50I. Voi. XL.  X  the  and the fur-

geon to *51.

306 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c.90. [1795.

the other to the surgeon of such ship or veffel, and the commifc fioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively fhali, and they are hereby authorised and required; on production of such certificates, to direct the sum of fifty pounds to be paid to the mafter, and the sum of twenty-five pounds to be paid to the surgeon of such (hip or veffel.

XIII.  And, for the better regulation, encouragement, and prefer-vation of the health of the officers and feamen, employed in ships or vessels trading to the coaf of Africa, for faves, and from thence to the Weft Indies, and America; be it enacted by the authority

Before any aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of Augujl one thou-ed^outwards1*" ^anc^ ^even hundred and ninety-five, before any ship or vessel fhali the matter * proceed to fea, the mafter, officers, and mariners, fhali sign and officers, and execute articles of agreement, and a mufter-roll, in the presence mariners, to of, and witnessed by, the clearing officer and one of the tidefmen execute art 1-  Qf the port  from  whence the  ship departs; and a duplicate of

ment in thee  arddes  agreement and  mufter-roll, duly signed and exforms here-  ecuted, fhali be  delivered to  the aforesaid clearing officer, in

unto annexed; order to its  being  lodged with  the proper officer in the cuftom

foi-n^to^e61* k°u^e> according to the forms hereunto annexed ; which agreement fnall be conclusive to all parties for the time contracted for ; and no other form whatsoever of articles of agreement, or mufter-roll, (hall be ufed, under the penalty of fifty pounds, one half to be paid to the use of Greenwich hofpital, and the other half to the informer, or other person who fhali sue for the fame, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record.

XIV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

bere<nilari*  a continuation of the mufter-roll fhali be regularly and duly

y kept during the voyage ; also a log book, wherein all penalties, forfeitures, and charges, against any officer or seaman fhali be regularly entered and signed by the mafter, chief mate, and fur-greon ; which said I02; book and the laid mufter-roll fhali, oil

tz> '  o  ^  m  *

the arrival of the ship or veliel at her discharging port in Great Britain, be delivered in to the collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms, together with the written declaration of the truth thereof, which declaration the collector, or other chief officer as aforesaid, is hereby required to accept and preserve ; and if any mafter, chief mate, or furgeon, fhali be convicted of signing false mufter-rolls, articles of agreement, or log book, he or they fhali forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred- pounds, and fhali also fufFer fix months imprifonment.

XV.  And be it further enacted. That no officer, mariner, or feaman, ihail be turned over or difcharged, upon any pretence

ufed, on pe nalty of 50I

kept, tkc.

Penalty for signing false ' mutter rolls,

oCC,

No officer.

See. to be

ffifc^ru-gedl °r whatfoever, unless into his Majesty’s ships of war, or to affiftafhip . but under the in actual diftrefs, which is to be certified by the principal officers . circumstances of both ships concerned, and an agrement made in writing with herein men- the officers or men fo lent, or, upon preferment, or under tlone *  ill  state  of health, with the consent of the party, for which a cer-

tificate fhali be given from the captain of any of his Majesty’s ships or veffels, if any are prefent, or, in their abfence, two juf-dees of the peace, or the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms

 ^jOoq le

1795-1 Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgxi III. c, 90.  307

toms at the place or port where such Chip or vessel shall be, or (hall first arrive, which certificate (hall be returned with the mufter-roll and logbook, on the arrival of the ship at her delivering port in Great Britain,

1 XVI. And be it further enaffed, That no matter, comman- No flops, Sec, der, or other perfon, shall supply the officers or mariners, fea- *° he supplied men, or seafaring men, with more flops, tobacco, fpirits, or any fourth Qf the other article whatfoeVer, than to the amount of one fourth part monthly of the monthly wages of such officer, mariner, feaman, or fea- wages, faring man.

XVII.  And be it further enaefted, That if any officer, mari- Regulations ner, or feaman, shall behave in a riotous, feditious, or muti-

nous manner, it shall be lawful for the commander or command- behavin? in a* ing officer to put such officer, mariner, or feaman, into confine- riotous, fedh ment, for a time not exceeding twenty-four hours, before the tious, or mu-fame is reported to the captain or commander of any of his Ma- tmous man~ jetty’s (hips or vefTels (being prefent, or within a convenient diftance), who is hereby authorised to enquire into the cause of such complaint, and to examine upon oath, if found neceffary, and to grant such relief or remedy therein as the circumstances of the cafe may require ; and in cafe none of his Majesty’s ships are prefent, the cause of complaint shall be fully examined into by the matter and two officers, in the presence of the {hip’s company ; and if it shall be judged neceffary, for the safety of the (hip and cargo, to continue the offender or offenders in confinement, such determination (hall be drawn up in writing, with the reasons for coming to such resolution ttated at large, and signed by the matter and two officers, which they are hereby enjoined, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to report, without delay, to the captain or commander of the first ship or vessel belonging to his Majesty they may fall in with, and in default thereof to report the fame to the governor or chief officer of any British fort on the coast of Africa, or to the governor of any of the Weft India iflands, on their arrival at any port or road therein, that such measures may be taken to bring the offender or offenders tojufticeas the nature of the cafe will admit.

XVIII.  And be it further enabled, That the matter or other Matter to person having or taking the charge or command of every such

ihip or veffel, shall cause a printed abftracf of this a<ft, and also a ^ r&c°tobe

copy of the schedule (A) and of the mutter-roll, respectively an- hung up in the

jnexed to this adl, to be hung up and affixed to the mod publick molt publick

place of such ship or veffel, and shall cause the fume to be constantly P^j

kept and renewed, fo that at all times they may be accessible to nalty oiTaoi^*

the officers and seamen on board of such ship or veffel, upon pain

that every such matter, or other person having or taking the

charge or command of every such ship or veffel, who shall negledf

to affix and renew the fame, fhall, for every such offence forfeit

the film of twenty pounds.

XIX.  And be it further enaffed, That if any officer, mariner, If mutinous

or feaman, charged with mutiny or fedition, shall be delivered ?fficc,rs’

70  C  ^  be taken into

X 2  over

308 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90. [1795.

cuftody in Af- over or taken into custody by the order of the governor or chief Weft Indies a °^cer any f°rt on t^le coast of Africa^ or the governor of any ftateroent > °f the hlands in the British Weft Indies, a full ftatement, upon upon oath, to oath, which they are hereby empowered to adminifter, shall be belodgedwith made out and lodged with the said governor, together with the •2c8a°n7ifthenames of w^ne^es who are to support the charge alleged witnesses do agahift the prisoner or prisoners, in order to their being ient not appear at home for trial at the next admiralty feffions, for the offence or the trial, they offences alleged against him or them ; and in cafe the said witness shall incur a or wjtne{pes shall negletSl to appear at the trial, upon being duly p  fummoned, he or they (hall incur such penalty as the court fhall

adjudge.

XX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, OfficeT^&c.^ That upon the arrival of every ship or vessel at her discharging 1 a °tiftThe6 m Port Great Britain, the officers and seamen therein shall be velfe/ is clear- continued in full pay and provisions until the ship is cleared in-ed inwards, wards, or their accounts are fettled and paid \ and that all w4ges Wages of run due to run men shall be forfeited and paid, one half to the use of men to go to Greenwich Hofpital, and the other half to the merchants hofpital

of the port to which such ship belongs; and all other forfeitures ^  *  *  shall be applied as is specified in the articles of agreement 5 any

cuftom, law, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Where of- That any offence committed in breach or violation of this a<5f,

be may be tried in any court of oyer and terminer, in any county in nafties fued^6*  wherein  any  such  offence  shall  have  been  committed,  or,

fox.  in cafe any such offence shall have been committed on the Teas, or

in parts beyond the feas, then in such county within which the ship on board which such offence shall have been committed shall have cleared our, or in the county of    Middlesex*, and any penalty or forfeiture, inflicted by this a£t, may be profecuted, sued for, and recovered, in* any court of record in Great Britain, and in every such action or fuit the party against whom judgement shall be given (whether plaintiff or defendant) shall pay double costs Limitation of of fuit; and every such action shall and may be brought at any actions.  time within three years after the offence committed, and not

afterwards ; and every such action shall be carried on without wilful delay.

Delivery of XXII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any master or other writs on board perfon, having or taking the charge or command of any ship or veflels, to be veflel, shall be prosecuted on account of any offence committed service ^ aga*inftthis a ft, and the officer, whose bufinefsit fhallbe to serve the writ or process iffuingout of the court in which such master or other person shall be profecuted, shall not be able to find the said master or other person fo prosecuted either on board the said Veffel, or on shore or elfewhere, of which such officer shall give publick notice in such court, then, and in all such cafes, the delivery of the said writ or process on board the said ship or vessel of which the said person shall have had the charge or command, shall be deemed due and legal service of the said writ qt procefs.

XXIII. And

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90.  309,

XXIII.  And be it farther enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That if any perfon, taking any oath by this a£l authorised or Perfons taking required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful perjury, or if false oaths, to any person shall unlawfully procure or suborn any person to take ^fp^rjurv^&c! any oath, by this a6f authorised or required to be taken, whereby  *  *

fuch person shall commit wilful perjury, eyery such person shall incur and suffer the like pains and penalties as are by law infliifled upon persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury, or fubor-nation of perjury.

XXIV.  And be it further ena£led, That this a£t shall conti-

nue in force until the first day of Augujl one thousand seven hun- 0 1S dred and ninety-fix, and no longer, except for the purpose of trying or suing any person in consequence of any offence or offences committed in breach or violation of this adfc.

SCHEDULE (A).

ARTICLES of agreement between the mafter, officers* mariners, feamen, and seafaring men, of the ship bound from the port of  upon an intended

voyage to the coast of Africa for  from

thence to the Wejl Indies, or America, and afterwards to in Great Britain, or to her delivering

port in Europe.

FIRST, The master does hereby covenant, agree, and engage, with the said officers, feamen, seafaring men, landfmen, and boys, That he will pay, or cause to be paid, to each and every of them, at the rate of the wages per month, sterling value, as against each persons name is expressed in the muster roll.

Secondly, The said master does further agree and engage with the said officers, mariners, feamen, seafaring men, landfmen, and boys, That they shall be daily and regularly supplied with good and wholesome victuals, and a portion of wine or fpirits, as hereafter fpecified; the said provisions to be issued and dressed in the usual .manner in which it is done on board his Majesty’s ships of war, and served out to the fhip’s company in the manner following ; videlicet,

Sunday, -  - One pound and an half of beef, containing

fixteen ounces to the pound, and a pint of flour.

. x 3  Monday,



Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90. [1795%

Monday, -Tuefday, -

Wednefday, Thurfday, Friday, -Saturday

One pound of pork, containing sixteen ounces to the pound, and half a pint of peafe. One pint of oatmeal, and two ounces of butter, and four ounces of cheefe-, or, one pound of stock fifh, with one eighth of a pint of oil, and a quarter of a pint of vine-, gar, in lieu of butter and cheefe.

The fame as Monday,

The fame as Sunday.

The fame as Tuefday.

The fame as Monday.

Each perfon, befides, to have fix pounds of bread per week ; and a quarter of a pint of fpirits, or half a pint of wine, together with of water per day, during the voyage.

In lieu of pease and oatmeal may be served rice, Indian corn, yams, or calavances.

In cafe of being put to short allowance, the mafter, officers, and feamen, are to be at the fame allowance of provisions and water, and to be allowed (hort allowance money, at the rate of three-pence per day if at two thirds allowance, and four-pence halfpenny per day, per man, if at half allowance, and to be paid their short allowance money ten days before the vessel fails from the Weft Indies or America.

And it is hereby further covenanted and agreed by and between the said parties. That the master of the said fhip, at his or the owners proper cost and charge, will hire and employ the natives in their craft to wood and water the said fhip, during her continuance on the coast of Africa, if such natives can be procured, under the direction of a patroon be^nging to the said fhip.

And it is further agreed on the part of the said mafter, That whenever the officers and seamen are employed tradingin craft up the rivers, that the said master will, on the part of the owners, furnish the parties fo employed with afufficient quantity of painted, canvas, or tarpawling, for an awning, and provisions for the time, in the proportion per diem, as is fet forth in the foregoing article, with proper utensils and fire to dress the fame ; and upon failure thereof, for every such neglect he shall forfeit double the value of provifions.

The said master does further agree and engage, That there shall be a space reserved for half the fhip’s company to shelter themfelves, while the flaves are on board ; if a frigate-built fhip, it shall be under the half deck; orin the fteerage, or under a ftand-ing awning of wood, well caulked, in any other ship or veffel.

It is hereby further agreed by the said mafter, That he will not, upon any pretence whatfoever, turn over or discharge any of the officers or fhip’s company belonging to the said fhip, unless on promotion, or to assist a ship actually in diftrefs, and not then, unless properly certified as before exprefted in this a£f: and the said master does hereby further agree to advance one month’s pay to the officers and fhip’s company before the said ship departs

from



3II

1795*] Annoregm tricesimoquinto Georgii III. c. 90*

from Great Britain, affthe time of settling the river or harbour pay ; and that the monthly wages shall commence from that period : and it is further agreed by the said matter, That he will pay, or cause to be paid, one month’s pay after the landing of the flaves in the Weft Indies or America, ten days before the failing of the said (hip on her homeward-bound passage : and also the said matter engages to make the general signal for failing* twenty-four hours before the departure of the said ship \ videlicet, by loosing the fore topsail and firing a gun.

And we the officers, mariners, feamen, seafaring men, landf-men, and boys, in consideration of the monthly or other wages, foregoing ttipulations, and engagements, do severally promise and agree, and bind ourselves by these presents to behave with due fubordination, and refpedl, and to obey the lawful commands of our'commander or superior officers on board the said fhip, or boats thereunto belonging, as becomes good and faithful seamen and mariners, and at all places where the said ship shall touch at, put into, or anchor, during the said voyage, to do our utmott endeavours for the preservation of the said ship and cargo ; and not to neglect or refuse doing our duty, by night or by day *, nor out of the said ship on b ard any other veffel, or be on fhore, under any pretence whatfoever, without leave obtained of our commander or commanding officer on board : and further, That we will, on no account whatfoever, leave or desert the said ship without the matter’s consent (unlefs to serve on board any of his Majesty’s (hips) till the abovefaid voyage be ended, and the said ship discharged under the forfeiture of our wages : and we do further agree, That, when absent upon leave, we will immediately repair on board, when required lo to do by our commander or any of our superior officers, on failure thereof to forfeit for such disobedience seven days pay, to be charged against our wages, for every such offence: and we do further agree and acknowledge, That forty-eight hours abfence, without leave, shall be,deemed a total desertion from the said fhip, and our wages forfeited-as above agreed on, unless good and sufficient cause can be assigned for such abfence.

And it is further agreed by us, the said officers and mariners belonging to the said fhip, That we will not demand our wages, or any part thereof, except the value of a fourth part of our wages to be supplied in flops or other neceffaries, and one month’s pay, with our short allowance money then due, in the We ft Indies, or America, until the arrival of the said ship at her delivering port, except we should be impreffed, or enter on board any of his Majesty’s fhips, or be discharged by mutual confent, agreeable to the foregoing certificate, as specified in the adt.

And it is hereby further agreed by us the said officers, mariners, feamen, seafaring men, landfmen, and boys, That whatever ftores, furniture, or apparel, each or any of us receive into our charge belonging to the said fhip, shall be accounted for ; and in cafe any thing should be loft or damaged by our-negligence or careleffnefs, it shall be made good to the matters or owners out of the wages of such officers or seamen by whose negligence it has

happened.

H



schedule

'  Officers and men’s names.

1  i  Quality.

  Where  born.

  ♦sSy

  j *B3J IB SJB3A

  Time of entry, and place where.

  Time when, and place where, dif-charged, died, run, or drowned.

  •pauMOjp jo ‘qjeap ‘aSieqojrp 30 s>jni23

  •pjBoq uo $Xep pue sq^uoui jo joquin^

2S  Wages  per  month.

iS  *n  K  •Xsuoui aoueApy

iS;  ft.  •X^np inidjOH

iS  ft-  •psqddnj sdoy jo junoiuy

ft.  •Sq^BOp StU3UI  prap jo uunoiuy

2S  c,  a-  •Xououi 9DUBAV0J -p jjoqj jo junoujy

iS  ft.  *o?? *03? ‘psSjeqojip uaqM. snp saSe/W jo junome pqox

2S  <-*  ft-  •Xed stU3Ui unj jo junotuy

C

an

H

w

O

r1

c/j

O

X

w

o

d

r

w

CAP.



‘(a)

3*3

CAP. XCI.

An aft to amend an aft, made in the iiventy-ninth year of the reign of his present Majefly,for the better regulation of hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen ; and for repealing fo much of the said aft as refrains the?n from felling goods, wares, or merchandize, within a certain diflancefrom any city or market town.—[June 22, 1795-J

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, made andpajfed in the Preamble.

twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majefly, intituled, An ato explain and amend an act made in the twenty- 39 Geo. 3. c. filth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, cAn a£t 2($, recited, for granting to his Majesty additional duties on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and for regulating their trade it is amongf other things enabled, that if any such hawker, pedlar, or petty chap-man, as is in the said aft mentioned, or other trading person fo travelling as in the said aft mentioned, Jhould, from and after the firs day of Auguft one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, trade, as in the said aft is defer ibed, without such licence as is therein also mentioned and deferibed, that then and in any of the said cafes such hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or trading perfon, fo offending, jhould, for each and every such offence, forfeit the fu?n of ten pounds ; and it is by the said aft also enafted, that if any such hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person as aforesaid, Jhould be found trading without a licence contrary to the said aft, or who being found trading Jhould refufeor negleftto produce a licence according to the said aft, after-being requiredJo to do, that then it Jhould and might be lawful for any of his Majefly*s justices of the peace of the county or place where such offence or offences flould be committed, to convict the offender of trading without a licence: and whereas it is expedient that, in default of payment, it Jhould be lawful for such jiflice, by warrant under his hand andfeci, to cause the penalty in which the offender or offenders shall be convict ed, to be forthwith levied by dflrefs and sale of the goods, wares, or merchandizes of such offender or offenders, or of the goods with which such offender or offenders Jhould be found trading as aforefaid: be it enabled by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, upon every Penalty in-convi&ion of any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other  by  re*

trading person in the said aft mentioned, who {hall be found trad- hawked trad ing without a licence contrary to the said a6f, or who being found ing without trading shall refuse or neglect to produce to such person or per- a licence,,or fons a licence according to the said aeft, it {hall be lawful for Pot producing such juftice, and he is hereby required, by warrant under his vie^^ftreV hand and feal, to cause the penalty in which such offender or 0f the goods, offenders shall be convicted, to be forthwith levied by distress and sale of the goods or chattels of such offender or offenders, or of the goods with which such offender or offenders shall be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner or owners thereof, after deduction of the reafonable

charges

i

314 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii IU. c. 92. [1795.

charges for taking and detaining the said di ft refs, and felling the fame, and out of the said sale to pay the said respective penalties and forfeitures aforesaid, and in the mean time to commit such offender to the common goal or house of correction of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where the said offence (hall be committed, there to remain until the said penalties and forfeitures, and the reasonable charges of taking the said diftrefs, (hall be levied and railed by such distress and sale as aforesaid, or until the fame shall be other wife paid or satisfied by such offender.

II.  And whereas, by the fixteenth, feventeenth, and eighteenth fe ft ions of tl>e said ad7, all hawkers, pedlar s, and petty chapmen, are refrained, under the penalties therein mentioned, from vending, fellings or exposing to fale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes whatfoever, in any city or market town in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, or within the distance of izvo miles from the 7niddle of the mojl central market place of any such city or market town, except on market andfair days, such hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, not being householders there, or the fame not being the ifual place of their abode, or of their carrying on bufinefs: and whereas the said refried ions have been found inconvenient to the manufactures in general, and also detrimental to the revenue : be it therefore Reftridlions enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first ky f* *7, day of Auguft one thousandfeven hundred and ninety-five, fo much an i o ie- ^ the faij a£j- as relates to the said reftridlions shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP. XCII.

An a£i for further encouraging and regulating the southern whale fijheries.—[June 22, 1795.J

WHEREAS it is proper to encourage the fishery carried on by his Majefys European fubjefls in the seas to the jouthward of the Greenland seas and Davis’s Streights, for the purp ofe of taking zvhales and other creatures found in those feas, by continuing the present premiums, and bef owing them in a different manner : and whereas it is of importance that immediate effeCt should be given to the said premiums, for which reason it is neceff 'ary to repeal the laws by which the present premiums are granted: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confentof the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this a£i, an adtypaffed in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, inti-16 Geo. 3. c. tuled, An aft for the encouragement of the fputhern whale fishery ; 5°> anc* and also an a<ft, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of 18 Geo. 3. c. his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for amending an a£i made in 20, &c. re- f]je twenty-fxth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the encourage-as to vefllls^ ment°fthe  and for making further provifions

as  for that purpose 3 and also every aft, and part of an aeft, repealed

by

pealed.

Preamble.

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92.  313

by the said a<fts, or either of them, shall be, and are hereby re- cleared out be* pealed, except fo far as regards {hips or vessels which have been fore Nov. or may be fitted and cleared out for the purpose of carrying on such fishery before the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, under the encouragements given by the said a£ts.

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Premiums the several premiums hereafter mentioned (hall be paid and granted for allowed for three years, from the first day of January one thou- ^8 fitted sand seven hundred and ninety-fix, to twenty-eight ships or vef- out for the fels employed in the said fishery under the limitations and reftric- fishery : tions herein-after exprefled; that is to fay, every such (hip or vefiel

fhall appear by her register to be Britijh-built, and shall be fitted and cleared out from some port of Great Britain or Ireland, or the i(lands of Jerfey, Guernfey, or Man, and shall be wholly owned by his Majesty’s subjects usually residing in any of the dominions aforesaid, and navigated as herein-after directed.

III.  And be it further ena£ted by the authority aforesaid, That premiums and

for fifteen of such ships or vessels which shall be fo fitted and  °r

cleared out between the first day of January and the thirty-firft l^S* day of December, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and between the first day of January and the thirty-

firft day of December, in each succeeding year, and shall have failed to the southward of the equator, and shall there have bona fide carried on the said fifhery, and shall return before the first day of December, in the year subsequent to that in which they cleared out, to some port of Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed three hundred pounds to each of the five such ships or vessels which shall fo fail and first arrive, within the times hereinbefore mentioned, with the greatest quantity of oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tons in each of such ships or veflels, and being the produce of o^e or more whale or whales, or other creatures living in the leas, taken and killed by the crews of every such ship or velfel refpec-tively; and there shall be paid and allowed two hundred pounds to each of the five such ships or veflels, which shall in like manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest quantity of such oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tons in every such ship or veflel, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the feas, fo taken as aforefaid; and there shall be paid and allowed one hundred pounds to each of the five such ships or veflels, and which shall in like manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest quantity of such oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tons in every such ship or veflel, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the feas, fo taken as aforefaid.

IV.  And be it further enatfted by the authority aforefaid. That premiums and for five other of such ships or vessels which shall be fitted and conditions for cleared out, and shall fail within the times herein-before men- s other fhips. tinned, and proceed to the southward of the thirty-fixth degree

of

: 16

premiums and conditions for eight other Clips.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. [ 1795.

of south latitude, and shall there bona fide carry on the said fifh-ery, and shall not return till after the expiration of fourteen calendar months from the day on which they cleared out, but before the thirty-firft day of December in the second year after their clearing out, to some port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed four hundred pounds to each of such ships or vessels which shall fo fail and arrive, within the times herein-be-fore last mentioned, with the greatest quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the feas, and taken and killed by the crew of such ship or veffel.

V. And be it further enafted, That for eight other of such ships or vessels which shall be fitted and cleared out, and shall fail within the times herein before mentioned, and shall double Cape Horn, or pass through the Streights of Magellan into the South Seasy and carry on the said fishery during the space of four, months, to the westward of Cape Horn, in those feas, and shall not return to some port of Great Britain till after the expiration of sixteen calendar months from the day on which they cleared out, but before the thirty-firft day of December in the second year after their clearing out, there shall be paid and allowed fix hundred pounds to anyone of such last mentioned ships or veflels, which shall fo fail and arrive within the times herein last mentioned, with the greatest quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than thirty tons, arid being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the feas, and taken

and killed by the crew of such voyage, either outward or homeward ;

fhip or vessel in the said , and there shall be paid •' and allowed five hundred pounds to each seven of such ships or vessels last before mentioned, which shall fo fail and arrive within the times herein last before mentioned, with the next greatest quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than thirty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the feas, and taken and killed by the crew of such ship or vessel in the said voyage, either outward or homeward.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the not be cleared owner or owners of any ship or vessel shall not be obliged to out specially clear out specially for the respective latitudes specified in this aft, but shall be entitled to the premiums hereby granted, on comply^ ing with all the other conditions, regulations, and reftriftions, imposed by this aft.

VII/And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That every such ship or vessel shall be navigated by perfons, of

Veflels need

for the lati tuHes fpecified.

The mafter

arf, 3  whom  the  master  and  at least three fourths of the mariners are

his Majesty’s fu'bjefts, usually residing in Great Britain, Irelandy Guernfey, Jerfey, or Man ; or if such ship or vessel shall clear out from any port of Great Britain, then that such ship or vessel may be navigated by persons being proteftants, and who, not

being

of the crew to be Britifli fub jefts, or if cleared from Britain, foreign protef-

1795*3 Annoregni triceflmo quinto Georgii III. c. 9k.  ,  3*7

being fubie&s of his Maiefty, have been heretofore employed in tants Intend-• J  •  i  r n J J 1  1  nn 1  c  1  mg to lettle m

carrying on the said fifhery, and who mall, at the time or clear- grjtajn>

ing out of every (hip or vessel on board of which they (hall serve refpetftively, take the oath (or, being a quaker* shall make a declaration) of fidelity and allegiance to his Majesty, and also shall make oath (or, being a quaker, shall make affirmation) before two or more of the principal officers of the cuftoms, of which the collector is to be one, at the port where such ship or veftel shall fo clear out, (which oath or affirmation they are hereby autho-rifed and required to adminifter), if it is their first voyage from any port of Great Britain, that they have already eftablifhed, or that it is their intention to establish themselves and their families in Great Britain, as inhabitants thereof, and subjects of his Majesty ; and if it shall be their fecond, or any subsequent vpyage, that they actually have effablifhed themselves and their families in Great Britain, and have taken the oath (or, being quakers, have made a declaration) of fidelity and allegiance to his Majesty as aforefaid.

VIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, __

That no premium granted by this adt shall be paid or allowed to to ^ un_ any person or persons whatever, for or on account of any ship or less there is an vessel employed in the aforesaid fifhery, unless such ship or vessel apprentice,in-fhall have on board an apprentice indentured for the space ofthre^'ears0on three years, at the leaft, for every fifty tons burthen of such ship bcarYfoTeve-or vessel by admeafurement, every such apprentice not exceeding ry 50 tons the age of eighteen years, nor being under fourteen years, at the burthen, time he shall be fo indentured, and having proceeded on and continued the whole of the voyage, both out and home, for which any such premium shall be claimed, unless such apprentice died or deserted in thecourfe of the voyage ; which facts shall and are hereby required to be verified by the oath of the mailer, the mate, and two of the mariners, belonging to such ship or veftel, unless by reason of some unavoidable accident, proof whereof shall be made to the satisfaction of the officers of the customs herein-after mentioned, two mariners cannot be procured, and then by the oath of the. master and mate, taken before two or more of the principal officers of the cuftoms, at the port to which such ship or vessel shall return from the said fifhery, (of which the colledtor is to be one), which oath they are hereby authorised and required to adminifter; and in confirmation also thereof, the proper officers of the customs belonging to the port to which such ships or vessels shall respectively return, fhall, immediately after their return from such voyage relpedtively, visit every luch ship or veffel, and muster the crew, and having fatisned themselves therein, shall certify the fame to the commissioners of his Ma-jefty’s customs in England and Scotland refpe<5Uvely.

IXd And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penal-:yof50I. if the master of any ship or veflel, or any other person or persons ?nmafter? fuf-whatever, to whom any apprentice or apprentices shall be in- ttce^to^uft1* dentured pursuant to this act, shall permit or suffer any such their iervice apprentice or apprentices to quit, leave, or depart, his or their before expira-

fervicc,tioa tcrm*



318 Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795.

fervice, on any pretence whatever, except as herein-after is provided, before the expiration of the term for which he or they shall be bound, every such master or other person shall forfeit and pay, for each and every offence, the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, in which no wager of law, no efloin, nor any more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed : provided neverthelefs, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to inflict the aforesaid penalty, in any cafe where any apprentice or apprentices shall be legally discharged before a magistrate or justice of the peace, or shall be turned over from one person to another person concerned in either of the aforesaid fifheries, to serve the remainder of his time in such fisheries pursuant to the directions of this adl: provided No premium alfo, and it is hereby declared, that no bounty or premium (hall unlefs^hT^6^  or a^owec^ by virtue of this adt in any cafe unless there

names of vef- be  *n the indenture or indentures of each and every

fels in which apprentice or apprentices who (hall be indentured by virtue of apprentices this adt, or who shall be turned over from one person to another, are inserted in Pur^uant: to this adt, the name or names of the (hip or veflel, or indentures. ships or veflels, on board of which such apprentice or apprentices ‘ is or are bound to ferve.  \

Apprentices X. And be it further enadled, That in cafe the time for which to be confi- any apprentice shall have been indentured to serve on board any dered as such (hip or vessel employed in the said fisheries (hall expire during thougehVtheire, voyage °f such ftup or veflel, such apprentice (hall be ac-indentures ex- counted and confidered, to all intents and purposes, as an appren-pire during it. tice for the whole voyage, and (hall on the (hip’s or veifel’s return from the said fishery be mustered accordingly.

No premium XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to be allowed no premium granted by this act (hall be paid or allowed to any a person or perlons whatever, on account of any (hip or vessel em-larly keptfand ployed in the said fifhery, unless a log book (hall have been regu-delivered to larly kept on board such ship or veflel, in which log book the the collec- various situations and occurrences, refpe£ting such (hip or veflel, ^ms^he11^ during the whole course of the voyage, (hall be inserted every portof arrival, day, and particularly the times when such (hip or vessel shall have verified on * been in fight of land, distinguishing what land, and the bearings oath.  thereof, and the supposed distances therefrom, and the soundings ;

and also the time when and the latitude in which any whale, or other creature living in the fea, (hall have been killed, taken, or caught, by the crew of such (hip or veflel; which log book, fo to be kept as aforesaid, (hall be delivered by the mafteff or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or veflel, at the time of his making a report of such (hip or veflel, to the collector of the customs at any port in Great Britain, where such (hip or vessel (hall arrive, on her return from the said fifhery, for his infpedfion and examination; and the said mafter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such (hip or veflel, together with the mate thereof, shall jointly and fe-veraily verify on oath the contents of such log book before fuch

collector,

3l9

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92.

coll eft or, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the fame.

XII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The log book in cafe any such (hip or vessel {hall, in the course of her voyage, tobeproduced meet or fall in with any of his Majesty’s (hips or vessels of war, the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or com- war that may mand of her, shall and is hereby required to produce to the cap- be met at fea, tain, or other officer commanding such (hip or vessel of war, the who shall said log book, fo to be kept as aforefaid; and such captain or ^imo^nTom commanding officer (hall, and is hereby required to make a me- Qfthe produc-morandum in such log book of the day on which it was fo pro- tion; and to duced to him, and (hall subscribe his name to such memorandum, the British and shall alfb make an entry in the log book of the said ship or vessel of war, of the name and defeription of the ship or vessel on for^the like * board of which the logbook of such ship or veffel, fo produced to purpose. and signed by him, was kept; and in cafe such ship or veffel, on board of which a log book is required to be kept as aforesaid, shall put into any foreign port, where there is or shall be a Britijh conful, or other chief Britijh officer, the matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or veffel, shall and is hereby required to produce such log book to such Britijh conful, or other chief Britijh officer, who shall and is hereby required also to make a memorandum therein of the day on which it was fo produced to him, and fhall, in like manner, subscribe the fame.

XIXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, •

That the matter, mate, and two of the mariners, belonging to Oath to be eveLy such ship or veffel, unless by reason of some unavoidable ™^*g*k* e accident, proof whereof shall be made to the satisfaction of the produce of officers of the cuttoms hereinafter mentioned, two mariners can- creatures kill-hot be procured, and then the matter and mate, fhall, and are ecl. by the hereby required, upon the importation into Great Britain of any n1^ s crcW* oil or head matter as being taken on the fishery aforesaid, to declare upon oath, before two or more of the principal officers of the cuttoms at the ports of their arrival refpeclively, of which the collector shall be one, (which oath they are hereby authorised and required to adminifter), from what port, and the time when, such ship or vessel cleared out, and that all such oil or head matter, fo imported, is the produce of one or more whale or whales, or other creatures living in the feas, actually and bona fide taken and killed by the crew of such ship or vessel only, at the times, and in the latitudes respectively mentioned, and let down in the log book fo to be kept as aforefaid.

XIV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That PeiTonstakjng in cafe the matter, or other person having or taking the charge camo of cypher or command of any ship or vessel whatever, fitted out as afore- VeiP-Is for \he faid, for the purpose of obtaining some one or other of the pre- purpose of ob-miums granted by this aft, shall knowingly receive or permit, tahiing a pre-or fufFer to be received on board such ship or veflel, for the pur- ^o\mQne0r*elt pose of obtaining any one of the said premiums, any oil, head moiety to the matter, or any other produce whatever, of any whale or whales, informer, if u  or  information

>20

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii TIL c. 92. [1795. be given In a or other fish or creatures living in the Teas, which whale or re°ort a the w^a^es> or other creatures hying in the feas, (hall not have been cuftom-houfe. rea^y an(^ ^ona fide caught and taken by the crew of fiich (hip or vessel only, fiich matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or veffel, {hall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds ; one moiety of which sum {hall, on recovery thereof, be paid to the person or persons discovering the fame, provided such person or persons {hall give information of the offence within one month after such mafter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such {hip or veffel, (hall have reported his ship or vessel at the cuftom-houfe at the port to which such ship or vessel shall return from the said fishery ; which matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or veffel, is hereby required to make such report in the usual time, and in the manner in which all trading {hips or vessels are reported before the proper officers of the cuf-toms ; and the owner or' owners of such ship or vessel {hall, and uccn ivcii ls ailc^ ar£ hereby authorised and required, in cafe, at the time owners to pay such information shall be given, any sum or sums of money {hall money due to be due from him or them to such mafter, or other person having matters to the or taking the charge or command of such ship or veffel, to keep and detain such sum or sums or money, and to pay the fame (towards discharging the said penalty) to the collector or other principal officer of the customs at such port to which such ship or vessel {hall fo return from such fifhery; and if such owner or owners {hall pay any sum or sums of money to, or {hall other-wife account for, such sum or sums of money with any master or other person having or taking the charge or command of any such {hip or veffel, before the expiration of one month after the report {hall have been fo made at the cuftom-houfe as aforesaid, and such master or other person {hall be liable to the penalty aforesaid, such owner or owners {hall make good such sum or sums of money fo paid, or otherwise accounted for, and {hall pay the fame towards discharging the aforesaid penalty into the bands of the collector, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, in manner before directed.

XV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in cafe any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the feas, shall be caught or taken in any part of the ocean, to the north-

When information has been given

colledors of the cuftoms; and if paid otherwife, to be accountable for the fame.

Produce of whales caught in particular latitudes on

the voyage, to ward of the equator, by the crew of any of the fifteen {hips or be deemed  vessels to which premiums are given in manner before mentioned,

^ an tit ^en  01 t0 nort^ward of the thirty-fixth degree of south latitude,

titling to a by the crew of any of the five {hips or vessels to which other prepremium. miums are also given, in manner before mentioned, or in any part of the Atlantic Ocean by the crew of the eight {hips or veffels, going round or doubling Cape Horn, either on the voyage out or return home, of any such ship or veffel, the oil or head matter produced'from such whale or whales, or other creatures fo caught or taken, shall be accounted, and confidered, and taken to be part of the quantity of oil and head matter required to be taken and imported as aforesaid, to entitle the owner or owners of such ship or vessel to some one of the premiums herein-before granted;

provided

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92.  321

provided it (hall appear by the log book of such ship or veflel, fo kept as aforesaid, that such ship or vessel hath actually failed beyond, and been bona fide employed in the fifhery, either to'the southward of the equator, or to the southward of thirty-iix degrees of south latitude, or during the space of four months to the westward of Cape Horn, as the cafe may be.

XVI.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Commiflion-in cafe all and every the several rules, regulations, and reftric-tions, prescribed and directed by this a6t, shall have been observed or(jcr pay-and fully complied with, it shall and may be lawful for the com- ment of the miffioners of his Majesty’s customs in England, or any four or premiums, more of them, and the ccmmiffioners of his Majesty’s customs in Scotland\ or any three or more of them, to order the receiver general of his Majesty’s customs in England and Scotland refpec-tively, to pay out of any money in his hands, arising by any duties under their management, to such person or persons as shall be legally entitled thereto, 2ny of the premiums hereinbefore granted.

XYIL And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid, Ho premium That no premium granted by virtue of any adt or acts of parlia- lef^laimed ?ri ment for the encouragement of the southern whale fifhery, shall alimited time, be paid or allowed to any person or persons whatever, for or on account of any ship or veflel. employed in the fa id fifhery, unless the premium shall be claimed within two months from the time of the crew being mustered inwards, by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, and such claim shall be made in writing, by application from the owner or owners of every ship or veflel, to the cointniflioners of his Majesty’s customs in England and Scotland refpedbivelv, and alfo, unless it fhall, within one month, after such time for making rhe claim, be made appear that the re-quifites of law have been complied with.

XVIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful for any ship or veflel, employed tec^tVfril^o" in carrying on the laid southern whale fifhery, to fail and pass the eaftof for that purpose to the eaftvvard of the Cape of Good Hope, and Good Hope, to the westward ^ of Cape Horn, or through the Strefghts of Ma- ^c-gellan j any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX.  Provided always, and be it further enadted, That any Reftri&ions in ship or vessel failing to the eaftvvard of the Cape of Good Hope, their courfe. for the purpose aforesaid, shall not fail or pass to the northward

of the equator, nor make more than fifty-one degrees of east longitude from London; and that any ship or veftel fo failing or puffing to the weft ward of Cape Horn, or through the Str eights of Magellan, for the purpose aforesaid, shall not, either to the northward or southward of the equator, make more than one hundred and eighty degrees of weft longitude from London.

XX. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That every Ships failing ship or vessel employed in the said fifhery, and intending to fail  ^ ^

or pass to the east ward of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the weft-  taj?cda

ward of Cape Horny or through the Str eights of Magellan, fhall, licence from

' Vol. XL.  Y  before  the India

company.

322 Anno regni tricefmlo quinto Geo&cii III. c. 92, [1793*

before (he (hall proceed on her vdyage, be obliged to take a licence for each respective voyage, from the court of diredfors of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, for the time being, in the name and under the feal of the said company, specifying which of the said voyages such ships (hall be licensed to perform, and such licence (hall be valid and ? h^ch^f^ch°n e®s<^:ua1i only f°r voyage therein exprefted ; and the said lieciiceslire to court °f directors fhali not be required to grant any licence to be granted. pass to the e aft ward of the Cape of Good Elope, to more than ten flaips or veftels in any one year or feafon, or to grant any licence to any snip or veftel to fail or pal's to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, unlels the person or perfftns applying for, or demanding such licence, (hall deliver to the said court of directors a manifest or certificate under the hand of the collector or comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs belonging to the port or place from whence such ship or veftel is intended to clear out and fail, verified by the oath of the owner or owners, or the mailer of such ship or veftel, taken before and attested by any magiftrate, or other person authorised by law to take affidavits, specifying the names and places of abode of the owner or owners, and master of the said fhip, and also the fpecies, quantity, quality, and value of all goods then on board of such ship or veftel, and of all goods (if any) intended to be afterwards taken into, or on board of the fame, before her departure outwards ; and also unless it jfhall, by such manifest or certificate, appear unto the laid court of directors, that no goods or merchandizes whatever (fave and except the stores of such ship or veftel, and the tackle, materials, and other things necessary for the purpose of the voyage) are taken, or intended to be taken, into or on board of such ship or veftel.

XXL Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority India com pa- aforesaid, That the united company of merchants of Englmd to grantli-^ trading to the Eafl Indies, fhali not be required or obliged to cenceto fail grant any licence, for any ship or veftel to fail to or pass within round the the limits of their exclusive trade round the Cape of Good Hope, HoPeunkfS0d until the owner cr owners of such ship or veftel, or the major bond be given Part °f such owners, if there fhali be more than one owner, shall with certain have entered into and executed a bond to the said united corn-conditions.  pany in the penalty of two thousand pounds, with a condition to

be thereunder written for payment to the said united company, of the sum of one thousand pounds as a forfeiture to the use of the said united company, over and above the forfeitures and penalties herein-mentioned, in cafe any goods or merchandizes whatsoever (other than and except the stores of such ship or veftel, and the tackle, materials, ancf other things, neceftary for the purpose of the voyage) fhali be taken into or put on board such ship or veftel for or upon her outward voyage; or in cafe such ship or veftel fhali have taken on board, in any part of the voyage homeward, before her arrival in Great Britain, any goods or merchandize of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the Eajl Indies, or any illands, ports, havens, coafts, cities, towns, or places,

between

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92.  .323

between the Cape of Good Hope, and the Streights of Magellan, to the value of one hundred pounds or upwards, computing the fame according to the- value in England, exceptfuch provifions, flores, or clothing, as it may at any fme during the voyage have become necessary for the said fhip’s crew to take on board for the foie use of the said crew.

XXII.  And be it further enacted, That if any fhlp or vefTel to Ships Ming

be employed in the said southern whale fifhery, to the eafhvard  oreir

of the Cape of Good Hope, or the westward of Cape Horn, shall having im-proceed or go beyond the limits herein-before specified or expref- proper mer-fed, unless driven or forced beyond the fame by stress of weather, cbandize on^ or other inevitable accident, or being fo driven or forced, shall to the*pernl-not return back within the limits herein-before preferibed, with ties oftrading as much convenient speed as the safety of the ship or other cir- to the East curnftauces will admit; or if any ship or vefTel shall depart from Indies without any port or place without having fir ft obtained such licence as ,lcence* aforesaid, and shall go or be found beyond the Cape of Good Hope,

or beyond the Streights of Magellan, or in any other place within the limits of the said company’s exclusive trade; or if any ship or veilel, being fo licensed to proceed to the fishery beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall have on board, or shall take on board before her return, any manufactures, goods, or merchandize, other than and except such as shall have been specified and deferibed in and by such manifest or certificate, and other than and except the oil, head matter, or bone of whales or other fish or creatures caught or taken in carrying on the said fifhery; every such ship or veffel, and the goods, merchandizes, and effedfs, on board the fame, and the owner and owners, masser and crew thereof, shall be deemed and taken, to all intents and purposes, to be subject to the several provifions, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, by any act or adls, made or imposed upon any person or perfons, or their fhips, veflels, goods, merchandizes, and effedts, who shall repair, fail, adventure, or go to, or traffick,.trade, or be found in the Eaf Indies, or other place or places within the limits of the said united company’s exclusive trade, without licence having been firfb obtained from the said company; and the offenders shall and may be sued and profecuted, and the penalties and forfeitures incurred shall and may be recovered, in any court ofjuftice in Great Britain or in the Eajl Indies, wherein suits may be instituted and brought for offences committed against the said adls, or any of them.

XXIII.  And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid, anY thing That in cafe anything shall be done by any ship or velfel licenfed

as aforesaid, or by the owner or owners, master or crew thereof, ai, the own-in any way respecting the rights and privileges of the said united ers of the ihip company, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt, not entitled to the owner or owners of the said ship or vessel shall not afterwards cem:efrora the be entitled to require, nor shall the said united company be oblig- company, ed to grant or give to them or any of them, any future licence for the fame, or for any other ship or veffel, to proceed within the limits of the said company’s exclusive trade.

v 2  XXIV.  And

3^4 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgti III. c. 92. [1795. Ships touch*' XXIV. And be it further enabled. That in cafe any ship or lensTma^* be"  t0  ^cen^ by the said united company as aforesaid, (hall

examined, a^d touch at the ifiand of Saint Helena, or (hall be found within the unlicensed limits before defcribed, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the goods ieized. governor of Saint Helena, the commander of any (hip or vessel belonging to or in the service of the said company, or any per-fon authorised or deputed by them refpedtively, or to and for any agent specially authorised or deputed for that purpose by the said company, and residing at any place within the limits before defcribed, to search and examine such licensed (hip or veflel, to fee if any goods or merchandizes (hall be on board her contrary to the provisions of this adt; and in cafe any such goods or merchandizes (hall be found in or on board of such (hip or vessel on such search or examination, the fame (hall be forfeited to the said united company, and the owner or owners, and mafter, of the said (hip or veflel, (hall be liable to all other penalties and forfeitures for trading contrary to the said company’s charters ; and it {hall and may be lawful to and for the said united company, and the persons aforesaid on the behalf and for the use of the said company, to leize and take away such goods and merchandizes to and for the use of the said united company, and to fend them home to the said united company, or to fell and dispose thereof to the use of the said company, as they (hall think fit.

Certificates to  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

be delivered to That within thirty days next after the return of any (hip or vef-the secretary fel from a fi(hing voyage to the east ward of the Cape of Good Hope, of the East the master of such (hip or vessel (hall deliver, or cause to be deli-Cthat"no verec^ to t^ie fecretai7 °f the said united company, for the use of produce of the the said court of directors, a certificate under the hand of thecol-Eaft Indies has ledtor or comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, belong-been import- ing to the port or place where the said (hip or vessel (hall arrive, verified by the oath of the said mafler, taken before and attested a premium. ^ any magjftrate or other person authorised by law to take affidavits, that no goods or merchandizes whatever of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any place or places in the Eajl Indies, China, or elsewhere between the Cape of Good Hope and the Str eights of Magellan, except oil, head matter, or bone of whales or other fifh, ambergris, or feal (kins, have been taken on board such (hip or vessel during the said voyage; but in cafe any such goods and merchandizes (hall have been taken on board the said (hip or vessel during the said voyage, then the said certificate (hall specify the \fpecies, quantity, quality, and value, of all such goods and merchandizes, and the cause or reason of taking the fame on board ; and the owner or owners of such (hip or vessel (hall not be entitled to any bounty under the authority ofthisadt, until such certificate as aforesaid (hall have been delivered to the said fecretary, and such delivery (hall have been proved by a production of his receipt for the fame.

XXVI.  Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That every (hip or vessel intending to navigate within, or frequent any part of the Teas comprized in the boundaries of the

'exclufive

Ships failing within the

1795•] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92.  325

cxclufive trade of the South Sea company, as described in and by limits of the

an act of the ninth of her late maiefly Queen Jnne> (hall, before n rtn  ,  r / 3 ^ , .Tit company,

(he mall proceed on every (uch voyage, be obliged to take a mup- have li-

licence for such voyage from the governor and company of mer- cencefrom chants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other parts the company, of America, and for encouraging the fishery ; and every vefiel navigating such Teas, without such licence, shall be liable to such forfeitures and penalties as are created and enabled by the said abb; any thing in this abb to the contrary thereof in any-wife not with (banding.

XXVII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful for the said (hips or vefiels which Ships may be shall be fo fitted and cleared out as aforesaid, for the purpose of furnished with doubling the Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn, or palling through armsand^ the Streights of Magellan, not being of less than two hundred tons oT?cenoe°n burthen, to be properly furnished with arms and ammunition, for from the ad-refilbence and defence ; provided the owner or owners of such miralty. ships or vefiels, before clearing out, shall obtain a licence from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commifiioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, au-thoriling the fame.

XXVIII.  And be it further enabled by the .authority aforesaid,

That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commifiioners ^dmumty for executing the office of lord high admiral for the timebeing, is fUCh licences and are hereby authorised and empowered to grant such licence on certain for arming, in such cafes as to him or them shall seem fit and conditions, proper; provided that there shall have been exhibited to him or them a certificate under the hands and seals of the commifiioners of his Majefby’s cufboms, (which certificate they are hereby authorised and required to give), testifying that such ship or velfel is entered out for the purpose of doubling the Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn, or passing through the Streights of Magellan; and provided alfo, that the owner or owners of such ship or vefiel shall have entered into a bond, with two sufficient fureties, in the sum of one thousand pounds, with condition that such arms and ammunition shall not be used for any unlawful purpose, but merely for refinance and defence in cafes of involuntary holldity.

'XXIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That no ship or vefiel whatever shall be entitled, within or dur- No (hip cn*

ing the periods of time refpeblively limited by this abt for such to more n *? rrri r-1  1  J r r i  than one pre-

imp or vefiel to laii on and to return from such voyage, to more mjum

than one of the premiums hereby granted, although such ship or fame feafon.

vefiel shall make two voyages within any one of the periods

aforefaid.

XXX. And be further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That No premium no premium whatever, granted by this aft, (hall be paid and ah ^^3°^ lowed to the owner or owners of any (hip or vefiel which (hall cleared out clear out after the firfi: day of January in the year one thousand after Jan. 1, (even hundred and ninety-fix on the said fifhery, unless it shall 179^ unlefs, appear, by certificates from the proper officers of the cufioms, ^Ve b^nvifi-that such (hip or vefiel was vifited,and the crew by them refpec- tedon clearing

Y 3  lively  out, &c;

 G( gle

nor-uni eft re-giitcred.

If water be mixed with the oil, Sec. imported it ill all be forfeited, as well as the claim to premium.

In cafe of dif-pute the owner to piove the purity of the oil.

The quantity of oil, Scc. imported to

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92, [1795.

tively muttered, as well before the clearing out of such ship or vettel for the laid fifnery, as on her return to any port in Great Britain ; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwith- -Handing.

XXXI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That no (hip or vessel which, after the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety fix, shall be fitted or cleared out for the laid ttfhery, shall be entitled to any of the premiums granted by this a<5t, unless such ship or vessel shall have been duly registered pursuant to the terms and directions of an aft, patted in the twenty-fixth year of his prelent Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft for the further increase and encouragement of flipping and navigation.

XXXil. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, upon the return of every ship or vettel from the fisheries aforesaid, in which ship or vessel any oil or head matter shall be imported, and on account of which importation any of the premiums herein-before granted shall be claimed or demanded, in cafe there shall be any reason to suspect that such oil or head matter is mixed with water, or any other material or materials, in order to increase the quantity thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the colleftor, or other principal officer or officers of the cuftoms, at the port to which such ship or vettel shall fo return, to nominate and appoint, and such colleftor, or other principal officer or officers, is and are hereby required to nominate and appoint, one or more (as the cafe may require) skilful person or persons to examine such oil or head matter, for the purpose of ascertaining whether such oil or head matter has been mixed with any water, or any other material or materials whatever, (other than oil or head matter fo taken as aforefaid), whereby the quantity of such oil or head matter is increased ; and if it shall appear, upon such examination, that there has been mixed with such oil or head matter any water, or any other material whatever, whereby the quantity of such oil or head matter is increafed, the owner or owners shall not be entitled to any of the premiums granted by this aftc; and over and above the loss of the premium, such oil or head matter, fo mixed as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and loft, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Ma-jetty’s customs ; and if any dispute shall arise whether there hath been mixed with such oil or head matter any water, or any other material or materials whatever, not being oil or head matter fo taken as aforesaid, whereby the quantity of such oil or head matter is increafed, then, and in such cafe, the proof thereof shall lie on the owner or claimer of such oil or head matter, or on the person or persons claiming the premium on account of the importation of such oil or head matter, and not on the officer who shall seize or prosecute the fame.

XXXIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That before any of the premiums granted by this aft shall be paid or allowed to any person or persons whatever, the exact quantity of oil and head matter taken together, imported in such

fhip



1795*] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92.  327

(hip or vefiel, (hall be truly ascertained by the proper officer or be ascertained officers of the cuftoms, and such quantity (hall be certified by O^ecuftoms them to the commissioners of the customs in England and Scot- ancj certified * land refpedlively,  tothecom-

XXXIV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, miffioners.

That no harpooner, line manager, or boat fteerer, belonging to No harpoon-any (hip or veflel, fitted out on the aforesaid fifhery, shall be im- F>  be

prefled from the (aid fcrvice, but (hall be, and is hereby privileged ^

aad exempt from being imprefled, fo long as he (hall belong to and be.employed on board any (hip or vessel whatever in the fi(h-ery aforefaid.

XXXV.  And be it further enacted, That no boat used as and Whole boats commonly called a JVloale Boat, belonging to any (hip or vessel not liable to employed in the said fifhery, (hall be liable to seizure for or on Countofbuilt, account of her built, dimensions, or conftrudiion, provided, on the if used only return of such (hip or vessel from the fifhery, such boat (hall be in the filhery. laid up by the owner thereof, in such place or places as shall be

approved of by the principal officer of his Majesty’s customs of the port at which such (hip or vessel (hall arrive, and (hall not be employed or made use of in any way whatever but in the said fifhery.

XXXVI.  And be it further enadted, That if any person or Forty foreign-perfons, not exceeding forty families, not being subject or fub-

je£ts of his Majesty, who has or have been heretofore .employed canTed° in carrying on the said whale fifhery, and being the owner or 0n the whale owners of any (hip or veflel, and intending to reside together filhery, com-with his or their families (not exceeding forty families in the’j^S^oMiltord whole) in this kingdom, for the purpose of continuing to carry j^g ^to reside on such fishery from thence, fhall, on or before the thirty-firft in the king-day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, dom, and come to the port of Milford, in the county of Pembroke, with his bringing not or their family or families, and shall bring any (hip or veflel, or any number of (hips or veflels, not exceeding twenty in the before Jan. 1, whole, to the said port of Milford, built before the first day of 1795, may be January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and manned p^mittea Severally with any number of seamen dr fiffiermen, not less than ^certainL twelve in number, having been heretofore employed in carrying conditions; on the said fifhery; and it shall be made appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, or any four of them, by the oath (or affirmations of the people called Quakers) of such owners refpediively (which oath or affirmations the said commiffioners, or the principal officers in the'new port of MiU ford, or any two of them, the colledior being one, are hereby re-fpeclively authorised and empowered to adminifter), and by other means, that he or they have been fp employed in carrying on the said fiffiery for three years previous to his or their arrival; apd that he or they, together with his or their family, (if any they (hall have), are then actually resident in this kingdom ; and that twelve such feamen, or fiftiermen, at the leaft, are brought into Great Britain in every such (hip; and the fame (hall be certified by the said commissioners to his Majesty; it (hall and may be

Y 4  lawful;

32S Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c 92. [1795.

lawful for his Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors, by and with the advice of his privy council, to allow the cargoes of oil or head * matter, and fins, or other parts of animals frequenting the leas, imported in any such (hips or vefiels, not exceeding twenty in the whole which shall arrive from afilhing voyage, tobe admitted to entry on payment of the fame duty as oil, head matter, and fins of Britijh lifhing, and to allow any goods, furniture, and flock, which shall be necessary to their whaling out fit, and which shall be part of the property of the said owner or owners imported in any such ships or veffels, and arriving from the late residence of the said owners, to be admitted to an entry without payment of any duty vvhatfoever ; any law, cuflom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithstanding : provided always, that the owner or owners of such ship or vessel as (hall be allowed to enter a cargo on the Britijh inllead of the foreign duty, shall give bond to the commif-fioners of the customs to the full amount of the difterence between the two duties, that he or they will reside during three years in Great Britain, and will not absent himself or themfeives from the kingdom during that term without leave of his Ma-jefly, by and with the advice of his privy council, except on the r , « . r prosecution of a fishing voyage from and to this kingdom, ted out from XXXVII. And be it further enabled, That if any person or Milford for a persons not being a subject or subjects of his Majefly, and whaling voy- being the owner or owners of any (hip or vessel fo admitted to re"iftereds entl7 as af°refaid, shall fit out the said ship or vessel for a whaling Bntilh ones voyage from the port of Milford, in the county of Pembroke, and on the owners shall go before some justice of the peace for the said county of Pembroke, or before the principal officer of his Majesty’s customs in the new port of Milford, and shall take the oath of allegiance to his Majefly, and shall obtain a certificate of his having taken such oath, which oath and certificate such justice of the peace, and officer of the customs refpectively, are hereby authorised and required t6 administer and give, on payment of no greater fee than two fhillings, it shall and may be lawful for his Majelly, by and with the advice of his privy council, to order such ship or vessel to be regiflered, and to have a certificate of regiflry in the fame manner as any Britijh ship or veflel; and every such ship or vessel fhall, during the time that such owner or owners shall continue to have his or their refidence, together with his or their family or families, within this kingdom, or during the time that such ship or vessel shall be owned by any natural-born subject or subjects of this kingdom, and shall be duly regiflered, enjoy all the privileges and advantages, and be entitled to all the bounties and premiums, granted to any Britijh ship or vessel employed in the whale fifhery, subject nevertheless to the fame rules, regulations, reflridtions, penalties, and forfeitures; and every such person and persons shall have and enjoy the rights, privileges, and advantages, of natural-born subjects of Great Britain, in like manner, and subject to the like difabilities, as the fame may be

0 ,  granted to aliens by a .'becial adt of parliament: provided always.

Such owners ^ t r ,  J  ^ , . r r « r r « CP

to make oath t‘iat owner or owners, not being a subject or lubjects of his

Majefly,

taking the oath of allegiance.

1795*] A-nn0 regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92.  329

Majefty, shall prove in the manner directed in an a61, passed in a^°e^e/^I[°*e the twenty-fixth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An  ^  m

aftt for the further increase and encouragement of Jhipping and navigation, by taking the oath, or making, if a quaker, the declaration herein-after mentioned, indead of the oath required by the said ad, that he or they is or are foie owner or owners of such ship or vessel 5 and shall also conform to all the other regulations respecting rcgidry contained in the said lad mentioned ad.

XXX VHI. And be it further enadcd, That the said oath or ^followin declaration, before directed to be taken by the owner or owners, form> proprietor or proprietors, of any such ship or veflel, shall be in the form and manner following, as far as the fame is applicable to each or either of them :

I A. B. of [place of residence and occupation], do make oath [or do declare] that the ship or vessel [name] of [port or place] whereof [rnader’s name] is at present majter, being [kind of built, burthen, &c, as described in the certificate of the luryeying officer], was [when and where built, and when and where it came into this kingdom] ; and that I the said A. B. [or the other owners names, and occupations, if any, and where they reflectively refide, videlicet, town, place, parifh, and county, or if member of and resident in any fadory in foreign parts, or in any foreign town or city, being an agent for a partner in any house cr copartnerfhip, actually carrying on trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the name of such fadory, foreign town, or city, and the names of such house or copartnership], am [or are] foie owner [or owners] of the said veffel, and that no other person or perfous whatever hath or have any right, title, inter eft, Jhare, or property, therein or thereto, and [if ^Britijh fubjed], that I the said A. B.[and the laid other owners, if any], am or was [or are or were] truly and bona fide a fuhjeft [or subject s] of Great Britain ; and that I the said A,

B.  have not [nor have any of the other owners, to the bejl of my knowledge and belief] taken the oath of allegiance to any foreign fate whatever, [except under the terms of some capitulation, deferib-ing the particulars thereof] ; or that, fence my taking [or his or their taking] the oath of allegiance to [naming the foreign Hates reflectively to which he or any of the said owners shall have been subject or fubjeds], and prior to the pajfeng of an aft, in the twenty -fexth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled. An ad for the further increase and encouragement of {hipping and navigation,

I have [or he or they hath or have] become a subject [oy subject s] of Great Britain, [either by his Majesty’s letters patent, as a denizen or denizens, or naturalized by ad of parliament, as the cafe may be, naming the dates of the letters of denization, or the ad: or ads of parliament for naturalization refpedively] ; or [as the cafe may be] I have [or he or they hath or have] become a denizen [or denizens, or naturalized fuhjeft or subject s, as the cafe may be] ofG reat Britain, by his AT j fly's letters patent, or by an aft of parliament pajfid fence the firs day of January onethousand' seven hundred and eighty-fix, [naming the times when such letters of denization

have

0r$ p

r» * /*n

33°

Prrfons grant ing or ufmg fili'e certificates, or counter eiting certificates, forte it 5 ooi.

Howpenalties are to be appropriated.

General iffue.

Treble colls.

Anno regnl tricesimo quinto Georgli III. c. 92. [179^

have been granted refpedtively, or the year or years in which such act or acts of naturalization have palled refpedtively], or [if not a Britijh lubject] that I A, B. and the other owners, if any, being a J abject or fubjedSj of fo me foreign fate, [fpecifying the ftate], have come into and am [or are] new ref dent in this kingdom , [deferibing the particulars thereof as to the place and date], and intend to refute therein, and have taken the oath, or, being a qua!:cry have made a declaration, of fidelity and allegiance to his majesty the King. of Great Britain, [deferibing the times when, the place where, and before whom taken], and that no foreigner, not having complied with the conditions above-mentioned, directly or indirectlyy hath any fare, or part, or inter eft, in the said Jhip or vefj'eL

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

’ That if any person or persons whatever shall knowingly give or grant any false certificate or certificates, for any of the purposes ■ required or directed by this adt, such person or persons (hall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefTors, in any office whatever :  and  if  any  person or persons shall counterfeit, erafe,

alter, or falfify, any certificate or certificates required by this adt, or (hail knowingly or willingly make use of any false certificate or certificates, or of any certificate or certificates fo counterfeited, erafed, altered, or falfified, such person or persons fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds \ and every such certificate or certificates shall be invalid and of no effedt.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one moiety of the penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this -act (except in such cafes where other directions are given by this adt) shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefTors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as shall sue or prosecute for the fame in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeftmbiJler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpedtively, where the offence shall be committed.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any action or fuit shall be commenced against any person or persons whatever, for any thing done in pursuance of this a61, the defendant or defendants, in such action or fuit, may plead the general iffue, and give this adt, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance of and by the authority of this adt: and if it shall appear fo to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants ; and if the plain tiff shall be nonfuited, or shall difeonti-nue his action, after the defendant or defendants hath or have appeared ; or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as defendants have in other cafes by law.

C A P.



*795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 93.  331

CAP. XCIII.

An aSl for guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on a loan of four millions fix hundred thousand pounds to the emperor of Germany.—

[June 22, 1795*3

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by a convention signed between your Majefiy and the? reamble, emperor fl/'Germany, bearing date the fourth day of May one Convention thoufaml Jeven hundred and ninety-five, it was agreed that, in order to assisi the efforts which his Imperial Majefiy was desirous of making, the'emperor and to facilitate to him the means of bringing forward the resources of oi Germany of his dominions in the defence of the common caufe, your Majefiy en~ May 4, 1795, gaged to propose to your parliament to guaranty the regular payment ^rieclte<^* the half-yearly dividends on the sum of four millions fix hundred thou-fand pounds fierling, which was or ivas to be reified on account of his Imperial Majefiy, on the terms and in the manner Jpecified in two engagements or o£irois annexed to the fold convention • that is to fay,

That every contributor Jhould, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of eighty-three pounds fix /hillings and eight-pence, bearing interefi at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable at par; and also an annuity of five pounds, to continue for a certain term of twenty-five years, from the firfi day of May one thousandfeven hundred and ninety-four, and then to ceafe; the said interefi and annuities to commence from the firfi day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and to be paid half-yearly at the bank of England ; videlicet, On the firfi day of May and the firfi day of November in every year by equal portions: and vohereas the fubferibers to a loan of eighteen millions for the present year have likevoife agreed to advance ancl lend, unto his Imperial Majefiy, the whole of the aforejaid sum of four millions fix hundred thou sand pounds, on the terms and conditions above referred to or exprejfed; and have agreed to advance the fame, provided the regular payment of the dividends to grow due thereon /hall be guaranteed by parliament: and whereas we, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, have refolded that previfion be made for guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on the said loan of four millions fix hundred thousand pounds, on account of the emperor, conformably to the said convention : may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enadfed ; and be it enadfed by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every contri- Contributors butor towards railing the said sum of eighteen millions, raised by to the loan.by virtue of an a<ft of the present section of parliament, intituled, An  c

all for raiftng the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities, shall ^ may Tub-* be entitled to fubferibe towards the said loan to the emperor, for ferihe to the every one hundred pounds agreed to be contributed and paid loan to the em-towards raiftng the said eighteen millions, the sum of twenty-five pounds eleven (hillings and one penny, and one third part of paying the in-

a penny ; tereftand an-

Anno vegni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 93. [1795.

miidto, the fame to be paid at the bank, and .charged upon the confoli-tiatec! fund, but not till fiihfcriptions to both loans

lures p< o cuced.

a penny ; and that, on default of payment of the ihterefl and annuity stipulated to be paid on the part of the emperor, as herein is mentioned, on the firfi: day of May and the firfi: day of November in every year, agreeably to the dividend certificates to be annexed to the laid debentures and annuity bonds, the amount of such dividend certificates fhail be paid to the refpcdlive holders at the bank of England, on the fifth day of July and fifth day of January, and thac the payments fo made at the bank of England, are completed, jn conlequeoce of such default on the part of his Imperial Ma-and deben- jefty, fhail be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable- out of, the consolidated fund, and the fame fhail be payable and paid at the bank of England on . the days herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay, Such of the said dividends wherein default fhail be fomade on the firfi: day of May in any year, and fhail remain unsatisfied on the fifth day of July next eniuing, fhail be payable and paid at the bank of England on the fifth day of July next ensuing such default: and such of the said dividends wherein default (hall be fo made on the firfi: day of November in any year, and fhail remain unsatisfied on the fifth day of January, fhail be payable and paid on the fifth day of January next ensuing : provided always, that no such payment fhail be made until the respective contributors towards both the said loans of eighteen millions and four millions fix hundred thousand

pounds, fhail have completed the whole of the respective sums by them fubferibed for the purchase of the said several annuities, nor until the person or persons entitled thereunto fhail have depofited, or fhail produce, from time to time, at the bank of England\ the debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, for securing his, her, or their, share or interest in the principal sums or annuities on the said loan of four millions fix hundred thousand' pounds.

Bank to pro- II. And be it further enacled, That, in the office of the ac-f y^nterin^ coantant general of the governor and company of the bank of debentures5  Englandior the time being, a book or books fhail be provided and

and annuity kept, in which the debentures and annuity bonds, to be ifiued by bonds, and a the bankers or agents for his Imperial Majesty, fhail, after be-bc trmiftnitted  countersigned by or by the authority of the said accountant

to the auditor general, be fairly entered, specifying the number and sum of each of theexche- debenture and annuity bond, and the name or names of the per-quer.  fon or persons in which the said debentures and annuity bonds

have been filled up; and the said accountant general (hall, on or before the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, there to remain.

Agents of the  III. And be it further enacted. That it fhail and may be lawful

emperor may for the bankers or agents of the emperor to advance and pay, to bank the^divi t^le  or  cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank

dends due on of England, before or on the firfi: day of May and the firfi: day of the loan, and November in every year, the dividends to grow due on the whole fhail deliver Qf the loan of the said four millions fix hundred thousand pounds.

or

1795-1 Anno regni trlcefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 93.  333

or such part thereof as {hall--not have been redeemed or paid off by accounts of the emperor, for the purpose of satisfying the dividends to grow half^ear due on those days refpedlively, or to advance and pay to the said Xy'f &Cm Jnd^f cashier or cafhiers such part of the said dividends as (hall have the whole di-been remitted to them, or (hail be in their hands for that purpose • vidends be not and {hall alfo, on each day appointed for payment of such divi-dends as aforesaid, deliver to such cashier or cafhiers an account tbefameTo the in writing, signed by them, of the amount of the sums to grow directors due at the end of such half year on such loan, and of the deficiency which shall be (if any) in the sums remitted to them, or in their hands, for the transmitted to purpose aforesaid, together with the amount of the principal sums  y

and interest thereon, which the emperor may have redeemed or caQfe the de-repurchafed of the said loan, in pursuance of the provisions con- ficiency to be tained in the convention before mentioned; and if the whole of issued from the half-yearly dividends {hall not be paid, to the said cashier or d^redfund* cafhiers, on or before the day on which the fame {ball be payable  5

to the respective contributors, their respective executors, admi-niffrators, successors or affigr.s, according to the ffipulations before mentioned, the said cashier or cafhiers {hall, on the day next afterwards, certify the fame to the governor and company of the bank of England, which certificate (ball be by them tranfmit.ted under their feal to the comrniffioners of his Majesty’s t re a fury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being; and the said corn-miflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, oi; the lord high treasurer for the time being, fhall, and they and he are and is hereby empowered, in pursuance of such certificate, to cause to be iffued, within the time herein-before limited, to the governor and company of the bank of England, out of the eonfo-lidated fund, in cafe the necessary provilion ihail not, in the mean time, be made on the part of his Imperial Majeffy, the amount of the deficiency fo certified, receiving from the said governor and company the tallies or certificates of the sums fo paid on account of such dividends, according to the intent and meaning of the convention between his Majeffy and the emperor before mentioned, in order that his Majeffy may be enabled to recover the fame, with intereft, in the manner therein fpecihed.

IV.  And be it further enaffed, That the comrniffioners of the Treafury to

treafury, or the lord high treasurer for,the time being, shall cause lay before par- , to be prepared, and shall lay before both houses of parliament,  theC"

within fourteen days after the commencement of every fefffon, fums

an account of the total sums from time to time issued and applied, and what has by virtue of this a6I, towards paying and satisfying the dividends been repaid by to grow due on the said loan of four millions fix hundred thou- ^ emPeror* land pounds, or any part thereof, and also an account of all sums repaid by or recovered from or on behalf of the emperor by reason of such advances, together with the interest paid or recovered thereon.

V.  And whereas, in pursuance of the said convention certain debentures and annuity bonds are to be issued in the name of his Imperial Majefly, by his said Imperial Mojejlf s bankers or agents ref dent in this kingdom, for fscuring the principal sums ^ intereft, and annuity on

the



334  Anno regni triceurrio qulnto G^orgii III. c. 93. [1795*

Debentures  the said loan ; be it further enadled, That it {hall and may be

bon LTfftied  for the governor and company of the bank of England\

in the name uPon the said debentures or annuity bonds, or any part or parcel of the tmpe* thereof, being lodged at the bank of England, to authorise and ror, may be direct their accountant general for the time being to keep books, barfb^n w^ere*Q the persons fo depositing such debentures and annuity -transferred bonds, or any of them, shall be credited for the amount of the intereft, according to the principal sums contained in the said debentures, and of the annuities contained in the said annuity bonds, and wherein all alignments or transfers of the principal fums, intereft, and annuities, of the debentures and annuity bonds respectively fo depoiited, or of any part or parcel thereof, shall be entered and registered in such manner as the said governor and company shall direft, which entries (hall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or, if such parties be abfent, by their respective attorney or attornies, thereunto lawfully atithorifed, in writing, under his, her, or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses \ and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made shall refpeflively underwrite their acceptance thereof by themfelves, or by their relpective attorney or attornies, thereunto lawfully authorised as aforesaid, and that no other method of aftigming and transferring at the bank of England the principal fums, intereft, and annuities of the debentures and annuity bon els* that (hall be fo deposited at the bank of England, or any partNor parcel thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law for the purpose of claiming or demanding any dividend, intereft, or annuity, for or on account of such debenture or annuity bonds as shall be deposited at the bank of England as aforefaid.

No stamp du- VI. And be it further enadted, That no (lamp duties whatfo-char^ed'for ever  c^arge(^ 011 anY  foid debentures or annuity

debentures bonds, nor on any of the alignments or transfers thereof, at the &c.  bank of England, nor on any receipt given for or upon the pay-

ment of the said loan, or any part thereof, or of the intereft, annuities, or dividends, to grow due thereon ; any lav/ or fta-tute to the contrary notwithftanding.

'fornin-deb n- VIL And be jt further ena£ted, That if any person or persons tures^annm’ty f°rge:> counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, bonds, letters counterfeited, or altered, or wilfully adl or a Hi ft in the forging, of attorney, counterfeiting, or altering, any debenture or debentures, annuity &c*  bond or annuity bonds, purporting to entitle any person or perfons,

or body politick or corporate, to any principal sum or the interest thereon, or any annuity or dividend for or on account of the said loan of four millions fix hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, or by virtue of this a<ft, or shall wilfully deliver to, or deposit with, the said governor and company of the bank of England, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, v/ith intention to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body

politick



1^95-1 Anno regni tncefimo quinto Georgii HI* c. 93* -  33

politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatfoever, or (hall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or •counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act or affiff in forging or counterfeiting, any letter of attorney, or other authority or in-ffrument, or any indorsement on any such debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, to transfer or assign any such debenture or debentures, or annuity bond or annuity bonds, as aforesaid, or any principal sum or sums placed in the name of any person or persons whomsoever in the books of the bank of England, as herein mentioned, or any part of such sum or fums, or to receive any such intereff, annuity or dividend, as aforesaid, or any of them, or any part thereof, or of any of them, or {hall forge or counterfeit, or (hall cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully a£f oraffiffin forging or counterfeiting, the name or names of any of the proprietors of any of the said de* bentures or annuity bonds, or of any of the laid principal fums, intereff, annuities, or dividends, or any part thereof, or of any of them, in or to any such pretended letter of attorney, indorfe-ment, authority, or inffrument, or {hall knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive, any such principal sum or fums, or any part thereof, or of any of them, or any such annuities, intereff, or dividends, or any of them, hy virtue of any such counterfeited or forgeddetter of attorney, indorfement, authority, or inffrument, or {hall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any firch debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, or of any of such principal sums as aforesaid, or of any part thereof, or of any of such annuities, intereff, or dividends as aforesaid, or of any part thereof, and thereby assign or transfer, or endeavour to assign or transfer, the said debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds,, or any of them, or the said principal sums or any of them, or any part thereof, or of any of them, or thereby receive or endeavour to receive any of the said annuities, intereff, or dividends, or any part thereof, or of any of them, with intent to defraud his Majeffy, his heirs or fucceftors, or the governor' and company of the bank of England, or any body politick cr , corporate, or any person or persons whomfoever, or (hail forge, counterfeit, of alter, or C3ufe or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any warrant for payment of any annuity, intereff, or dividend, herein mentioned, or any indorsement on any warrant for payment of any such annuity, intereff, or dividend, or (hall offer, dispose of, or put-away, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered warrant, for payment of any annuity, intereff, or dividend, as aforesaid, or any warrant, for such payment, with such forged, counterfeited, or altered indorsement thereon, or demand the money therein contained, or any part thereof, of the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any their officers or fervants, knowing such warrant for payment of any such annuity, intereff, or dividend, as aforesaid, or the indorsement on any such warrant for payment of any such annuity, intereff, or dividend, as aforesaid, to be forged, counterfeited,

336 Anno regni tricesimo quinro GeorgiI III. c. 94, [1795*

terfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England^ or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whomfoever, every person or persons fo offending (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and (hall Suffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XCIV.

An a5l for ejlablijhing a more erf and expeditious method for the punctual and frequent payment of the zuages and pay of certain officers . belonging to his Majejifs navy.—[June 22, 1795*]

Preamble.  7 HERE AS it would tend greatly to the comfort and ac comma-

V V dation of certain officers in his Majejifs navy if a more cafy and expeditious mode zvas eflablijhedfor the payment of their wages or pay; be it therefore enabled by the King’s mold excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and Officers, raaf- by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the pafiing of ters, and fur' this add, it (ball and may be lawful to and for every commissioned pay” when  officer, mafter, and furgeon, in the naval Service of his, Ma-

pointed to  jeSly, his heirs and fucceffors, being on half pay, and who

Ships, may Shall be appointed to command or Serve on board any Ship or receive their vessel of his MajeSly, his heirs and fucceffors, after receiving his corn million or warrant of appointment, to apply to the com-miffioners of his Majesty’s navy for an order from them upon the treasurer of the navy to pay Such officer the arrears of half pay that may be due to him at the time, providing no imprefi Hands against him ; and the Said commissioners of the navy, or any •three of them, Shall, upon Such application being made to them, and being Satisfied that Such officer has been appointed as afore-faid, and that no imprefi (lands against him, or that Such imprefi is cleared and Satisfied, make out, or cause to be made out, an order upon the treasurer of the navy for the arrears of half pay due to Such officer, and upon Such order being prefented, together with the usual affidavit and other documents in Such cafes required, by the person in whose favour the Said order is drawn, or by his lawful attorney or affigns, to the treasurer of the navy, he Shall immediately, if Satisfied of the identity of the person presenting the fame, or of the authority of the instruments- upon which the fame Shall be claimed, pay, or cause to be paid, at the pay office of the navy, the Sum in Such order contained.

Officers on II. And be it enacted, That any commissioned officer in the appointments nava] service of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, having no apply for"1^ imprefi Standing out againll him, a certificate of which he Shall three months obtain from the commifiioners of the navy, may apply, if the pay in ad- Ship or vessel to which he Shall have been So appointed as afore-' vance> &c* said Shall be in the river Thames, to the Said commifiioners of the navy, or to the resident commissioner, if Such Ship or vessel Shall be at any of the out ports where a commissioner refides, for an order upon the treasurer of the navy, to pay him the amount of

three

I795,l Anno regni-tricefirno quinto Georgix III. c. 94.  337

three months personal wages or pay in advance ; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of the navy, or any three of them, or for the said resident commissioner of the navy, if satisfied of the grounds of such application, to grant such order upon the treasurer of the navy, for three months perfonaf wages or pay as aforesaid ; and upon such order being presented to the treasurer of the navy at his office in London, or to his clerks at any of the out ports, the fame (hall be immediately paid to the person in whose favour it (hall have been fo made out as aforesaid : provided always, that if such officer appointed as aforesaid (hall again be put upon half pay, from whatcaufe foever, and before the end or expiration of three months after his being fo appointed, and having received payment as aforesaid, of three months personal wages or pay in advance, the fame shall be placed as an imprefl against his growing half pay for the amount of the sum that may have been fo advanced as aforesaid, or for such part thereof for which he (hall not have served upon full pay. '  .

III. And be it enated by the authority aforefaid. That it shall Officers, maf. and may be lawful to and for every commissioned officer, mailer, terS} ar*dfur-and furgeon, in the naval service of his Adajefly, his heirs and taainf*nriceaC" fucceffors, who shall be upon actual fervice, and be entitled to may draw bill the full pay of such fervice, at the end and expiration of every for their pay-three months, or of every fix months, or of every twelve months, after certain or of any longer period, as to such commissioned officer, mafler, peno s* and furgeon, shall appear proper, to draw, or cause to be drawn, a bill, or fet of bills, of the fame tenor and date, in duplicate or triplicate, as the cafe may require, upon the commissioners of his Majefly’s navy, for the net amount of the personal wages or pay that shall appear to be due to him; which bill, or fet of bills, shall {fate the rate or defcription, and name, of the {hip or velTel to which such officer shall belong, and his llationon board of the fame, and also the full amount of the personal wages or pay which shall be due to him and the period for which such wages or pay shall have accrued or become due, together with the amount of the usual deductions and abatements, and other deductions which shall appear upon the fhip’s muster books, to which the fame shall be liable, and the net residue of the personal wages or pay fo to be drawn for; and which bill, or fet of bills, being numbered and dated, shall be of the form and tenor directed in a fche-dule herein contained, or to the like effect: provided always, that such commissioned officer, mailer, or furgeon, fnall not be permitted, under any authority by this act given, to draw such bills upon the commissioners of his Majefly’s navy for the first three months after he shall have received the three months advance hereby authorised to be paid to him upon his entering on board his fhip.  ...  Officers, &c.

IV. And be it enated by the authority aforesaid, That if any when they commissioned officer, mailer, or furgeon, (hall pUrchafe dead dl men’s cloaths, or otherwise incur any debt, which shall or may debts from. ^ Vol. XL.  Z  he  their bills.

338 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94. [1795.

be chargeable against his wages or pay,-fuch debts or such charges (hall not be put or stand as a deduction to be made from his servants pay, or from any pay which may be allowed him as a compensation for servants pay, but shall be put and stand as a deduction, and shall be deducted from his own personal wages or pay, whenever he shall draw as aforesaid upon the commif-fioners of his Majesty’s navy.

Captains to V. And be it enadted, That if the officer drawing for his per-b^nfonl^ite ^*ona^ waSes or Pay as aforesaid, shall be a lieutenant, mafter, or nknts See. " furgeon, the captain or commander of the (hip or vessel to which such lieutenant, mafter, or furgeon, shall belong, fhall, at the bottom of such bill, or fet of bills, fubferibe his name, and also the word c approved,5 in token of his knowledge of such lieutenant, mafter, or furgeon, being justly entitled to draw for such net amount of personal wages or pay.

Officers, &c.  VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when

on removal  and fo often as any commissioned officer, mafter, or furgeon, as

from fhips, ^ aforesaid, shall be removed from any ship or veflel, to any other their pay^ i^1 or ve^el in the service of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef-three months fors, it shall and may be lawful to and for such officer to draw, or are due. cause to be drawn, a bill, or fet of bills, as aforesaid, upon the commifficners of his Majesty’s navy, for the personal wages or pay that shall be due to him for the time he shall have served in the said ship or vessel from which he shall be fo removed, up to the day of his entering on board the ship or vessel to which he shall be fo removed, if such time shall amount to the space of three months or more; which bill, or fet of bills, shall contain the fame specifications as herein-before directed in cafes of officers drawing bills, and continuing in their ships ; and if such officer be a lieutenant, mafter, or furgeon, the captain or commander of the ship or vessel to which such officer shall belong, fhall, at the bottom of such bill, or fet of bills, fubferibe his name, and the word c approved,5 in token of his knowledge of such lieutenant, mafter, or furgeon, being justly entitled to draw for such net amount of his personal wages or pay.

Captains sent VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when to (ickquar- and fo often as any captain or commander shall be sent to Tick draw fbr\heir (luarters? and shall remain in such quarters for a longer space pay at the ex* than fix weeks, it shall and may be in the power of such captain piration of fix or commander to draw, or cause to be drawn, a bill, or fet of weeks.  bills, as aforesaid, as the cafe may be, upon the commiffioners

of his MajestyVnavy, for the net amount of the personal wages or pay that shall 'be due to him to the day of the expiration of fix weeks from and after his having been sent to flick quarters as-aforefaid ; which bill, or fet of bills, shall contain the fame fpe*-cifications as are herein-before in other cafes dire&ed.

When lieute- VIII. And be it enabled, That if a lieutenant, mafter, or nants, &c. are surgeon be sent to flek quarters, the captain or commander of quitos^cap* t^le or ve^ to which he shall belong shall make out, or cause tains to make to be made out, an extract from the books of the fame, fpecifying

the-

1795O Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94.  339

the name and rate or description of such (hip or vessel from out an extra# 'which such lieutenant, matter,, or furgeon, shall be fo sent to -JP^ Tick quarters, with his ttation on board, and the amount of the following personal wages or pay due to'him at the time, and also the deduc- form, tions to which the fame are liable, and the date of his leaving the.faid ship or veflel; which extract the said captain or commander (hall flgn and certify, and the fame, being written or printed, shall be of the form and tenor following, or to the like effed:

* 1 ft rate, [Britannia^ lieutenant Thomas Bowling'] sent to sick quarters July 1, 1794.

‘ Full pay from May r, to July 1, 1794  —  £.

* Amount of deductions per fhip’s books —  £.

Net pay £.

4 Certified by

4 A B. captain of the 4 [Britannia.] 9

And the said extrad, fc^ing fo made out, figned, and certified, to be delivered shall be delivered to such lieutenant, matter, or furgeon, sent to tothe o:fficer* sick quarters as aforefaid.

IX.  And) if such lieutenant, majler, or furgeon^ shall remain in sick quarters for a longer time than fix weeks, be it enaded, That If the officer the physician or surgeon having fuperintendance of the sick quar- remain in sick ters to which the said lieutenant, matter, or furgeon, shall have ^hanfix/weeks, been fo discharged as aforesaid, fhall, on the back of such ex- the physician tract from the (hip's books, make out, or cause to be made out, or surgeon to at the end of the said fix weeks from and after the time that such ind°rie on tIie

I  ^  extract

lieutenant, matter, or furgeon, shall have been fo discharged tificate ;n the from his fhip, a certificate which shall specify the time that he following shall have been under the care of such physician or surgeon at lick form., quarters; which certificate, being written or printed, dated and iigned, (hall he of the form and tenor following, or to the like effed:

[Haflar], April 12, 1795*

4 Thefe are to certify, that (lieutenant Thomas Bowling) of his 4 Majesty’s ship the [Britannia] was received into this hofpitai 4 on the  day of  ,  and  not  being  cured,

4 still remains under my care.

‘ c. dA ^fician} of ’

I burgeon 3

X.  And be it enaded, That such lieutenant, matter, or fur- Such officer geon, having obtained such certificate on the back of the extract p^weekfma herein-before direded, it shall and may be lawful to and for him, Jraw^for hia at the end of the said period of fix weeks, to draw, or cause to pay, his bills

x %  be  being fub-

fcribed as herein mentioned* *

Captains removed to another lhip, before three months pay are due, may draw bills at the expiration of three months from last payment.

When lieutenants, &c. are fo removed, captains to make out an extract, as in cafe of being sent to lick quarters, and

Anno regnitricesimo quinto Ceor-gii III. c. 94. [1795-

be drawn, a bill, or fet of bills, as aforesaid, upon the commif-fioners of his Majesty’s navy, for the net personal wages or pay due to him for the time he belonged to‘ the (hip or vessel from which he was discharged to sick quarters, to the day of the expiration of fix weeks from and after his having been lent to Tick quarters as aforesaid ; which bill, or fet of bills, shall be dated from sick quarters, and (hall contain the fame specifications here-in-before diredfed in cafes of officers drawing bills, and continuing in their (hips; and the captain or commander of the ship or veftel to which such lieutenant, mafter, or furgeon, laft: belonged, if such ship or veftel (hall (till remain upon the fame ftation, (hall, at the bottom of the said bill, or fet of bills, as the cafe may be, fubferibe his name, and also the word 4 approved,’ in token of his knowledge of such officer being justly entitled to draw for such net amount of personal wages or pay; but if such (hip or vessel (hall have left the said ftation, it (hail and may be lawful to and for any captain or commander of any (hip or veftel in his Ma--jefty’s navy to fubferibe his name, and the word ‘approved 9 as aforesaid, at the bottom of the said bill, or fet of bills, in token of his having examined the extract from the (hip’s books, and certificate of the physician or furgeon, herein-before diredfted to be made out, and of his belief that such officer is justly intitled to draw for such net amount of his personal wages or pay,

XL And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any captain or commander (hall leave any (hip or veftel in the service of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and remove or be removed to another (hip or veftel, (hips or veftels, when there (hall be leis than three months pay due to such captain or commander, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said captain or commander, at the end or expiration of the period of time which will complete the space of three months from the time that he (hall have been last paid, or have drawn for his personal wages or pay as aforesaid, to draw a bill, or fet of bills, upon the com-miffioners of the navy, for the personal wages or pay that (hall be due to him for the period of his service on board of the (hip or veftel from which he had been first removed, as well as for the period which he (hall have served on board the (hip or veftel, (hips or veftels, into which he (hall have been fo removed as aforefaid; which bill, or fet of bills, (hall diftinguifti the periods of time that such captain or commander (hall have served on board of each of the aforesaid (hips or veftels, and (hall contain the fame specifications as are herein-before in other cafes diredfted.

XII.  And be it further enabled, That when any lieutenant, mafter, or furgeon, (hall be removed from any (hip or veftel in the service of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, to another (hip or veffel, (hips or veftels, when lefts personal wages or pay (hall be due to him than for the space of three months, the captain or commander of the (hip or veftel from which he (hall be fo removed as aforesaid, (hall make out, or cause to be made out,

an

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo qulnto Georgii III. c, 94.  5.41

an extrabl from the books of such Ihip or vettel, which shall con- at the end of tain similar specifications with the extracts herein-before directed fromeach1^'3 to be made out with refpebf to lieutenants, matters, or furgeons>-payim€n^ the when sent to sick quarters ; and it shall and rnay be lawful to and officer may for such lieutenant, matter, or furgeon, at the end and expiration draw for hi* of the period of time, which shall complete the space of three months from the time that he (hall have been latt paid, or shall have drawn for his personal wages or pay as aforesaid, to draw, or cause to be drawn, a bill, or fet of bills, as aforesaid, upon the committioners of the navy, for the personal wages or pay that shall be due to him, as well for the period of his service on board the ship or vettel from which he had been first removed, as-for the period which he shall have served on board the ship or vettel, ships or vettels, to which he shall have been fo removed; which bill, or fet of bills, shall specify the period of time that such lieutenant, matter, or furgeon, shall have served on board of each of the aforesaid ships or vettels, and shall contain the fame fpecifi-cations as are herein-before in -other cafes diredfed; and the captain or commander of the ship or vettel to which such officer shall have been latt removed, shall subscribe his name, and the word ‘approved;5 to such bill, or fet of bills, in token of his having examined the extract or extradls herein-before directed, to be made out, and otherwise approving such lieutenant's, matter's, or furgeon’s, having drawn such bill, or fet of bills, as aforefaid.

XIII.  And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if Penalty for any commissioned officer, matter,' and furgeon, shall knowingly drawing for and wittingly, with an intent to injure and defraud the publick, Pa^ not ue' draw, in manner as is herein-before fpecified, for his perfonal

wages or pay, when personal wages or pay to the amount of the sum fo drawn for shall not be due and owing to him, every such committioned officer, matter, and furgeon, knowingly and wittingly drawing for his personal wages or pay without being justly entitled fo to do by having fo much personal wages or pay due to him, shall forfeit all his compensation pay, and shall moreover be cafhiered, and be rendered ever after incapable of holding an office, civil ojr military, under his Majetty, his heirs and fucceflors.

XIV.  And be it enabled, That all such bills as are herein- Bills to bfc after described and directed to be drawn by committioned officers, drawn at 10 matters, and furgeons, upon the committioners of his Majesty's days fight, and navy, shall be drawn payable ten days after fight, and shall be tufsofex- ** negociable by indorfement, in the fame manner as bills of ex- change, change are negociable and transferrable by indorsement or indorfe-

ments thereon.

XV.  And be it also enabled, That as soon as such bills, or Bills tp be ex-any of the parts thereof, shall be presented to the said commif- amin-ed at th® fioners of the navy, together with the extracts from ships books, and^affiened ?ind certificates made by physicians or surgeons of lick quarters, tor payment in every cafe where such extracts and certificates are hereinbefore required and directed to be made, they, or any three of

z 3  them.

34z Anno regni trieefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94. [1795

them, (hall examine, or cause the said bills, and the said extradt* and certificates, ip cafes where they are granted, to be examined’ and if they (hall fee no just cause why the said bills should not be assigned for the payment, shall note upon them the date when they were prefented, and shall assign them upon the treasurer of the navy for payment; and for that purpose shall make out, or cause to be made out, at the bottom of such bills, an affignment, and shall address the fame to the treasurer of the navy, and they shall also number and date the fame, and they, or any three of Bills and af- them, shall sign such alignment; and the said bills and-aflign-mttrefollow- ment>being written or printed, shall be of the form and tenor ingform. following, or to the like effedt:

4 I ft rate, [Britannia, lieutenant Thomas Bowling,] entered July 1, 1794.

4 Full pay from October 1, to December 31, 1794  - .

4 Amount of dedu&ions -  -  -  -

4 Net pay -  £.

4 [Barbadoes], April 12, 1795.

4 Gentlemen,

4 Ten days after fight (my 2d and 3d bill of this tenor and c date not being paid), please to pay to John Bull, or order, the 4 sum of  being  the  net  personal  pay  due  to  me as [ift

4 lieutenant] of his Majesty’s ship [Britannia'] between Oftober I,

4 and December 31, 1794, for value received.

4 Thomas Bowling•

4 Approved,

c E. F. Captain of his Majesty’s ship [ Britannia.].

^ To the commissioners of

his Majesty’s navy,

4 London•

4 ASSIGNMENT*

*  4  Navy  office,  May  30, 1795.

4 N° 1.

4 To be paid by the treasurer of his Majesty’s navy out of 12 [£.20,0003 received March 29, 1795, under the head of wages 4 to pay officers,

4 G. H.

4 L K.

* L. M.

By virtue of the a St of 35th of George the Third.

N. B+ The forging of this bill, or procuring any other 4 person to forge the fame, in order to receive any 4 part of the wages or pay of any commiffioned

4 officer.

Commiffioners of the navy*

343

1795-.1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94.

officer, matter, or furgeon, in the royal navy, is ‘ made felony without benefit of clergy, by the a cl of 4 35th of George the Third/

XVT. And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That when Flag officers

any flag officer (hall be entitled to draw a bill or bills under the mcJu f

\ P  n  r  -  1  ,  -rr  r  1  ■  table money

autnorrty of this act as «foreiaio,  upon  tne  commmioners or his  jn  their bills.

Majetty’s navy, for his perlonal  wages  or  pay,  he may, and he

is hereby allowed to include the allowance of table money which

may be due to him at that time.

XVII. And., for more effectually and cor re Elly carrying into execution the purposes of this acf be it enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and immediately after the pafiing of this adl, two ledg- Accounts cur,, ers shall be opened, and an account current kept* with every com- rent to by kept ■miffioned officer, matter, and furgeon, who shall fo receive monies ceived iiTad-" in advance as herein-before directed, to  be  paid  to him upon his  Yance,

entering to command or serve on  board  of  any  (hip or veffiel in

the service of his Majelry, his heirs and fuccettors, or draw for his personal wages or pay, as herein-before fpecified, one copy thereof to be kept in the office of the commissioners of the navy, and the other in the office of the treasurer of the navy; in which ledgers the Turns paid upon the several ordel? and bills hereinbefore directed to be made and drawn, and payments otherwise made in manner before mentioned, shall be carefully entered and charged against him ; which entries and charges shall remain at his debit until he shall regularly pals his accounts for the ship or veffiel, ships or veffiels, in which he may have served agreeably  e

to the present existing regulations, forms, and manner, in which the accounts of officers are required to be patted; and when the fame are fo patted as aforesaid, the commissioners of the navy, or pafled, tripli-any three of them, shall make out, or cause to be made out, Cate certifi-three certificate^, being triplicates of each other, which shall be cates to be of the tenor and form now prablifed and distinguished by the made out,&c. name of General Certificates; and one triplicate of such certificates shall be delivered or transmitted to such officer, or to his agent; another triplicate shall be lodged in the office of the commissioners of the navy, where such account current as aforesaid shall be kept; and the third triplicate shall be transmitted to the office of the treasurer of the navy.

XVIII.  And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid,That such  to

general certificates shall specify and afeertain the net amount of amount due personal wages or pay which shall appear to be due to the officer to the officer, to whom or to whose agent it shall be delivered or transmitted as which shall be aforesaid, and the commissioners of the navy, or any three of  lS

them, shall direct such amount to be carried to the credit of such

officer’s account current before deferibed in the ledger, which shall be kept in the office of the treasurer of the navy as before directed, as well as in the ledger which shall be kept in their own office.

XIX.  And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the Treafurer of

treafurer of his Majesty’s navy shall immediately pay, or cause to  a£

3 4  ke  fignsd.



be received from the receiver general of the land tax, &c.

344 Annq regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94. ['79^<’

be paid, oat of the monies which he may have in his hands to pay officers, all such bills as are herein*before defcribed, which (hall have been drawn by commissioned officers, mafters, and furgeons, in the service of his Majesty, upon the cojmmiffioners of the navy, and which {hall have been duly assigned for payment by them upon him.

Officers half XX. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid, That pay, penlions, from and after the passing of this adl, if any commissioned or cSiontoThe warrant naval officer, who shall be entitled to receive half pay, treasurer of or if any widow of any commissioned or warrant officer of the the navy, may navy, or other person entitled to receive half yearly or annually any pension on the ordinary estimate of the navy, or if any widow, parent, or child, of any naval officer, feaman, or marine, who (hall have been {lain in fight with the enemy, and {hall be entitled to his Majesty?s nioft gracious bounty, payable by the treasurer of the navy, shall be desirous to receive and be paid his half pay, or his or her penfion, or his, her, or their bounty, from any receiver general of the land tax for any county, riding, or city, collector of the customs at any port, colledlor of the excise for any colledfion, or cleric of the cheque at any dock yard in Great Britain, near to the place of his, her, or their refidence}

1 it {hall and may be in the power of such commissioned or warrant naval officer on half pay, widow, or other person or persons aforesaid, to apply at the time or times of ifiuing such half pay or penfion, (of which due notice shall be given by the commissioners of his Majesty’s navy in the London Gazette), or at such time or times when any such person or persons as aforesaid {hall be entitled to receive such bounty, by letter to the treasurer of the navy at his office in London, to have such half pay, penfion, or bounty, respectively payable to him, her, or them, paid by such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, as he, {he, or they, {hall fpecify; and such commissioned or warrant naval officer on half pay, and such widowx or other person or perfpns receiving any half pay, penfion, or bounty, as aforesaid, fhall, along with such letter of application, transmit to the treasurer of the navy, the usual affidavit to be made by him, her, and them, or by others in the like circumstances with the other vouchers and documents which have usually been required to be produced, or as at present are presented and practised in similar cafes when any naval half pay, penfion, or bounty, for relations fiain in fight with the enemy is paid, and such commissioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other person or perfons, shall repeat such application, and shall transmit such affidavit, documents, and vouchers, each and every time that he or {he shall be fo desirous to have such half pay or penfion, paid to him or her in manner before mentioned. Treafurer to ‘ XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if mak^ouMifts the said treasurer of the navy, after having received such letter ons^ncTfor- application, and having examined, or having caused to be ex-ivard them to amined, such affidavit, documents, and vouchers, and finding the the comm if- fame to be right, he shall cause a lift to be made out of all such fioners of the  perfons

1795-1 Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94*  343

perfons who {hall have To applied to him, which he {hall forward to the commissioners of the navy,- and shall specify and describe their respective claims.

XXII.  And be it further enabled, That such rrommiflioners Commifiion-{hall cause such lift to be examined, and {hall require such trea-furer to produce the affidavits, certificates, documents, or vouch- amjnet] Szc. ers, or any of them, which they may judge neceffary, and shall and two redirect him to take such other steps or {hall themselves use what- mittance bills, ever means they may judge proper to ascertain the justness cf to be made such claims, and being satisfied therewith, they shall give infor- °r Um* mation to the treasurer of the navy of the refpecdive aliowance or sum or sums to which such commifiioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other person or perfons, shall each and respectively be entitled to receive; and they (hall direCl the treasurer of the navy to make out, or cause to be made out, two remittance bills for fhat part of the half pay, penfion, or bounty, as aforesaid, then due and payable to such commifiioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other person or perfons, which laid two remittance bills shall be duplicates of each other, and'{hall be joined together by oblique lines, flourifties, or devices, and {hall be made payable to such commifiioned or warrant naval officer, widow,or otherperfon or persons by the receiver general of the land tax, colleger of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, in terms of his or her requeft, signified as aforesaid, to whom the said remittance bills shall be addrefied;and the said remittance bills, being numbered ^nd dated, shall be signed by a commifiioner of the navy, and shall bd attested by a person or persons to be appointed by the treasurer of the navy to collect and arrange the aforesaid affidavits, certificates, and vouchers, to prepare such remittance bills, to keep the imprest ledger herein-before directed to be, kept in the office of the treasurer of the navy, containing the accounts current with the officers who may draw for their personal wages or pay, and who shall otherwise officiate for the rreafurer of the navy, under his dire&ion, in carrying the whole of the business herein-before directed, as far as relates to his office, into effect; and such remittance bills, being written or printed, shall be according to the tenor and form following, or to the like effect:

‘No 1.  day of  Form of re-

mittance bills*

c Sir,

c Pay to N. O. of on | her J producing and delivering

c the duplicate hereof, the sum of  being  for  the  I  penfion"  I

i bounty J

* on the  day of  laft, if the fame

v be demanded within fix calendar months from the date hereof,

1 otherwife

34-6 Ajmo regni tricdimo quin to Georgii III, c. 94, [1795.

4 otherwise you are to return this bill to the treasurer of the navy c at the pay dice of the navy.

4 P* Commiffioner of the navy,

4 (Attefted) R. S. Treafurer’s clerk.

c To the receiver general of the land tax c for the county of  ’

4 The collector of the customs at the port 4 of

VTbe Collector of the excise at 4 The clerk of the cheque at  ’

4 By virtue of the a£f 35th George the Third.’

4 .AT. B. The Forging of this remittance bill, or procuring , 4 any other person to forge the fame, in order to re-* ceive any part of the monies hereby payable, is made 4 felony without benefit of clergy, by the act 35th 4 George the Third.’

One  And as ^oon as ^ kills are f° made out, figned, and attefted,

b^trinfmitted l^e Pcr^on to ke appointed by the treasurer of the navy (hall cut, to the person or cause them to be cut, asunder through the oblique lines, flou-to whom pay- rifhes, or devices, and shall cause one duplicate to be transmitted able.andthe to the person named therein, to whom the money shall be made theperfon1 to Payable, and the other duplicate to be transmitted to the receiver whom addref- general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, colle£Fo,r of the fed;  excife,  or clerk of the cheque, to whom the fame shall be ad-

anJ on pro- dreffed, and if the duplicate of such bills shall be produced by the bill by^he ^ ^ Perf°n to whom the fame shall be made payable to such receiver person to general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, collector of the whom made excife, or clerk of the cheque, to whom the fame shall be ad-payable, with- drefled, within fix calendar months from the date thereof, he shall fromth^date care^u^y examine the fame with the duplicate already transmitted the fame to be to him as aforesaid ; and being satisfied of the authenticity thereof, and of the identity of the person producing the fame to him, he shall immediately pay the fame to such commissioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other person or persons named therein, to whom the money shall be payable, without fee or reward, or deduction, on any pretence whatever, taking a receipt for such payment on the back of the bill; which bill, and the duplicate thereof, being transmitted by the person who shall pay the fame to the commissioners of the navy, shall be immediately assigned for payment by any three of them, and shall be immediately repaid by the treasurer of the navy to such receiver but if not ro §enera^  ^an<^  tax> c°ke£tor of the cuftoms, collector of the

duced within' exc^e5 °r clerk of the cheque, or his order ; but in cafe the du-that period, plicate of such bill shall not be fo produced and payment thereof the duplicate demanded within fix calendar months from the date thereof, then to the^rea11^ ^ rece^ver general of the land tax, collector of the cuftoms, furerof the colie&or of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, shall return the tyavy, &c.  duplicate

paid without fee, and repaid by the treasurer of the navy;

347

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III.c. 94.

duplicate thereof in his hands to the treasurer of the navy at the pay office of the navy, London, who shall cause the fame to be cancelled, and thereupon the sum contained in such bill, shall become payable to the person or persons in whose favour the fame was drawn, or to his, her, or their lawful reprefentatives, in cafes where he, (lie, or they, shall be dead, in the fame manner as if such bill had never been iffued.

any receiver general of the land tax, collector of 'the cu(tom9, cates^re^d colledtor of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, to whom the du- drefied have plicate of the bill hereinbefore directed to be made out and not money in addressed to him as aforesaid, shall be tendered for payment, dial] hand, they not have in his hands publick monies sufficient to answer the fame, dav for^T^ * and shall for that reason refuse or delay the immediate payment memt°witlnn a thereof, such receiver general of the land tax, colledtor of the cuf- month,.&c. toms, colledlor of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, shall immediately indotfe on the ffaid duplicate the date of its being fo tendered to him, and the cause of his refusal or delay to pay the fame, and shall appoint thereon, for the payment of such bill, some future day within the space of one month at the farthest from the date of its having been first tendered to him as aforesaid ; and such duplicate, with the indorsement thereon, (hall immediately be. delivered back to the person presenting the fame; and Penalty for if upon complaint made to the respective commissioners appoint- wilfully delay -ed, or to be appointed, to manage the said several duties of the in^Payra^nt» land tax, cuftoms, or excife, or to the commissioners of the navy, feCg# * if the person complained of be a clerk of the cheque, it shall appear that such receiver general of the land tax, colledfor of the cuftoms, colledfor of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the payment of such bill, or directly or indirectly, by himfelf, or any person under him, received or taken any fee, reward, gratuity, difeount, or deduction whatfoever, on account of the payment of the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the laid commissioners to convidt and fine the person fo offending under their respective direction, in any sum not exceeding fifty pounds, according to the nature and degree of the offence; and such fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the fame manner, to all intents and purposes, as any conviction may be made, and any penalty or fine levied and recovered, for any offence against any law by which any duty of customs or excise is imposed or laid) and the said fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the informer or informers.

XXIV.  And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if Bills to he such commissioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other per- ^er^of oerfons fon or perfons, to whom the remittance bill before mentioned is unable to at-made payable, shall be prevented and difabied by bodily infirmity tend from bottom appearing im person before the said receiver general of the dily infirmity, land tax, colledtor of the cuftoms, collector of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, and such bodily infirmity beings properly and satisfactorily certified by the minister and a churchwarden or

elder

34§

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94. [1794,

When an aft shall be palled in Ireland for payment of certificates ifined by the commifiioners of the navy, add re fie d to the commit -fioners of the revenue in Ireland, the treasurer to tranfnfit a lift 6f appliants to the com-rriiffioners of the navy.

elder of the parish where, he, fhe, or they refide, or by the physician furgeon, or apothecary, attending him, her, or them, then, and in luch cafe the sum contained in the said bill shall be paid to the order in writing of such commifiioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other perlon or perfons, upon producing or giving up to such receiver general of the land tax, colledlor of the cuf-toms, colledlor of the excife, or clerk of the cheque, such certificate of bodily infirmity as aforesaid, together with the duplicate of the said bill, and the proper receipt on the back of the fame, signed by the person or persons in whose favour the bill shall have been drawn payable, and witnessed by the person who (hall receive the money.

XXV.  And be it enacfted by the authority aforefaid. That as soon as an adf fnallbe parted by the legislature of the.kingdom of Ireland, making provision for payment in that country of any certificate irtucd by the commifiioners of his Majesty’s navy, in favour of any commifiioned or warrant naval officer entitled to naval half pay, widow, or others, entitled to pensions payable out of the ordinary estimate of the navy, or bounty payable to the relations of naval officers, feamen, and mariners, flain in fight with the enemy, and addressed to the commifiioners of the revenue in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to and in the power of such naval officer, widow, or other person or perfons, to apply at the time or times of i/Tuing such naval half pay or pen-fion, of which due notice shall be given by the commifiioners of the navy, in the London Gazette, or, when such relations shall be entitled to receive such bounty, by letter to the treasurer of the navy, at the pay office in London, and shall desire to receive a certificate to entitle them to receive the half pay, penfion, or bounty respectively due to him, her, or them, paid loy any collector or officer of the revenue in Ireland, that he, fhe, or they, (hall specify ; transmitting at the fame time, to the treasurer of the navy, the usual affidavit, certificates, documents, and vouchers, in manner herein-before directed, in cafes of naval officers, wi-

dows, and others, claiming similar payments to be made in Great Britain; and if the said treasurer of the navy, after having received such letter of application, and having examined or caused to be examined such affidavit, certificate, documents, and vouchers, shall find the fame to be right, he shall cause a lift to be made out of .all such persons who shall have fo applied to him, which he shall forward to the commifiioners of the navy, and shall specify and describe their respective claims. ersTo^caufe* XXVI. And be it further enacted, That such commifiioners shall lifts to be ex- cause such lift to be examined, and shall require such treasurer to amined. See. produce the affidavits, certificates* documents, and vouchers, and two re- or any Gf them, which they may judge necefiary, and shall direct tobe made S to ta^e ot^eir fteps, or shall themselves use such means, out in the fol- as they may judge proper, to afeertain the justness of such claims, lowing form, and being Satisfied therewith they shall give information to the treasurer of the navy of the respective allowance, or other sum or Turns which such commifiioned or warrant naval officer,

widow*

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 94,.  349

widow, or other person or perfons, (hall each and respectively be entitled to receive, and they (hall direbb the treasurer to make out two remittance certificates, which (hall be addrefifed to the commifiioners of the revenue in Ireland, which certificate {ball be duplicates of each other, and joined together with oblique lines, flourifhes, or devices, and (hall be numbered and dated and signed by a commifiioner of the navy, and attested by the person to be appointed by the treasurer of the navy; and such certificate shall specify and deferibe the name and place of abode of such commifiioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other person or perfonsvas the cafe may be, who (ball be entitled to receive payment of the sum fo specified by the commifiioners of the navy to be due to them refpeftively; and such remittance certificates, being written or printed, shall be of the tenor and form following, or to the like effeft:

4 N°  day  of  Form  of  re-

,  r  .  -  f  a lieutenant cf hisMajefty’s navy, on half 1 ITlittance bill.

4 I hele are to certify, that ±.Jj4 pav, widow of a lieutenant in his Ma- >

J  L  jelty’s navy, or as the cafe may be.  j

4 is entitled to the sum of  fterling,

4 being on account of the \ ?c!ffiony > due to the said T, U, on the

0  L  Eounty  J

day of  la ft, who has desired that the

‘ fame may be paid by the { officer °of°f  } at

4 if the fame shall not be demanded within nine calendar months 4 from the date hereof, this certificate to be returned to the 4 commifiioners of the navy at their office in London.

(Attefted) V, TV. Commifiioner of the navy,

4 S. T. Treafurer’s clerk.'

* To the commifiioners of the revenue in Ireland

4 By virtue of the aft thirty-fifth of Georgs the Third.’

* N* B. The forging of this remittance certificate, or pro-4 curing any other person to forge the fame, in order 4 to receive any part of the monies to be made payable 4 by any means thereof, is made felony, without be-4 nefit of clergy, by the aft thirty-fifth of George the 4 Third.’

And as soon as the said certificates shall be fo made out, figned. One remit-and attested as aforesaid, the said perfon, to be appointed by the ^n^anfmitted treasurer of the navy, shall cut or cause them to be cut asunder t(J t^e perpon through the oblique lines, flourifhes, or devices, and shall tranf- to whom the mit, or cause to be transmitted forthwith, one duplicate to the money is due, person or persons nominated and specified in such certificate to be the commifiioned, warrant naval officer, widow, or other miffi0riers of person or perfons, to whom such half pay, penfion, or bounty, of the revenue shall be due ; and th.e other duplicate to the commifiioners of the in Ireland, revenue in Ireland

XXVII. And

$5d

by the irea-furer of the navy.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgu lit. c. 94. [179^

XXVII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* Money paid in That as soon as an a61 shall be passed by the legislature of Ireland, tlficSes°lto^' makin§ pr°vifton for payment in that country of certificates repS/to the^  as  aforesaid, by the com mi Alone r$ of his Majesty’s navy,

commifnoners in favour of any commifiioned or warrant naval officer, widow, of the revenue or other person or persons as aforesaid, and addressed to the com-miiTioners of the .revenue in Ireland, and the sum or films specified in such certificate or certificates (hall have been actually paid by, or by the direction of, the commifiioners of the revenue in Ireland to the persons who shall be specified to be entitled t6 receive the fame, luch sum or sums shall be immediately repaid by the treasurer of the navy, who is hereby directed and required to pay the fame to the said commifiioners of the revenue in Ireland., of to their order, upon the certificate upon which the acknowledgement of the receipt of such money shall be indorfed, together with the duplicate thereof, being produced to the treasurer of the navy ; but in cafe the duplicates of such certificates issued by the com-mifiloners of the navy, or any of them, addressed to the commif-fioners of the revenue in Ireland, shall not be presented and delivered by the person or persons who shall be entitled to receive the amount of the fame, to the collector or revenue officer to whom If payment of it shall have been addressed in Ireland, and the payment thereof certificates be demanded within nine calendar months from the date thereof, in^nine1*111 ^ tken> uPon foch certificates being returned by the commifiioners months, they of the revenue in Ireland, to the commifiioners of the navy, they shall be can- shall cause such certificates to be immediately cancelled, and from celled on be- and after the cancelling thereof the sum or sums contained in such mgieurne . certjficate or certificates shall accrue and belong to the person or persons in whose favour the fame was made out, or to his, her, or their attorney or attornies, or to his, her, or their lawful representatives, in cafe he, fhe, or they, shall be dead, in the fame manner as if such certificate had never been made out and iflued. No deduction XXVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That t0 be mac^on all and every sum or sums of money, to be paid in consequence EdlsT&c °on any tke bills herein-before directed to be drawn, penalty of aol. or orders and certificates herein-before directed to be iflued, shall be fully and completely paid to the person in whose favour they shall fo respectively be drawn or made payable, without any deduction or abatement, under any pretence whatfoever, although part thereof may be in fractions of the smallest denomination; and every person detaining or withholding any part thereof under pretence of former privilege or usage of office, or upon or under any pretence whatfoever, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered in the'fame way and manner as any penalty or forfeiture in the collection of the duties of excise and customs is directed to be levied and recovered, and shall be paid to the person filing and prosecuting for the fame.

XXIX.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all letters or packets lent by the person to be appointed by the treafurer

Packets for canning this into exe-

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo quinto GeorgIi IIL c. 945  351

furer of the navy, to officiate under his direction, in carrying this cutiom to be

abt into execution and effebt /n manner and form as herein is *ree0fP° a£e*

direbled, (hall, from and after the passing of this abt, be sent free

from the duty of poftage; and all letters or packets relating to

the execution of this a£f, that {hall be forwarded by such perfon

as aforesaid, shall be under covers, with the words c pursuant to

ad of parliament thirty-fifth of George the Third/ printed upon

the fame; and the said person to be appointed as aforesaid, {hall

write his name under the words fo printed, and he is hereby ftribtly

prohibited and discharged from enclosing or fend-ng under such

covers, any writing, paper, or parcel whatfoever, excepting such

as {hall relate to the execution of this ad; and if he {hall fend or Penalty for

convey under the covers aforesaid, any writing, paper or parcel, fending any

other than those relating to the execution of this act, he shall for PaP^

every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, ]at;ng to this

and such fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the fame ad.

manner, to all intents and purposes, as any conviction may be

made, and any penalty or fine levied or recovered, for any offence

againfl any law by which any duty of customs orexcife is impofed

or laid; and the said fine, when recovered, lhall be paid to the

informer or informers against such offender or offenders.

XXX.  And be it further enabled, That all and every such Orders, &c. order and orders, bill and bills, remittance bill and remittance paid by the bills, certificate and certificates, berein-before directed to be frea^U1^

J  '  Kp 2*00(1

drawn and made out, and which shall be paid by the treasurer of vouchers, the navy in any manner as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as good and sufficient vouchers to the treasurer of the navy for fo much money as shall have been fo directed to be paid on such order or orders, bill or bills, certificate or certificates, refpebtively, and as shall have been fo paid by him thereon, and shall be allowed as such in passing his accounts..

XXXI.  And be it enabted by the authority aforesaid, That No order, &c. no order, bill, remittance bill, or certificate, that shall be made ^able to stamp or drawn under the authority of the powers by this abt given,

fhall be fubjebt or liable to, or charged or chargeable with any stamp duty, to which bills of exchange are by law fubjebt and liable, or any stamp duty whatfoever; nor shall any person of persons receiving payment of the sum or sums of money drawn for, mentioned, or fpecified, in such orders, bills, or certificates, be bound or obliged to give a stampt receipt for the fame, but a receipt or acknowledgement of payment, indorsed on such order, bill, or certificate, fnall be held, deemed, and taken, as a sufficient release and discharge for the fame, in all cafes and courts whatfoever.

XXXII.  And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, No bills drawn from and after the passing of this act, no bill or bills of what na-

ture or defeription foever, drawn pursuant to or in the execution Senavy^&c. of the powers and authorities given by any former a61' or abts of on the trea-parliament by the commissioners of his Majesty’s navy, or by the furer, liable to commissioners for victualling his Majesty’s navy, or by the com- duty, miffioners for taking care of ftek and wounded leamen, or by the

com-

 CjOO^Ic

352,

Remittance bills, or tickets, pursuant to former a6ts, directed to the receiver of the land tax for London, Sec. may be directed to the trea-furer of the navy.

Perfor s forging, See. orders, See. guilty of felo~ ny.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgxi III. c. 94. [1795*

commifiioners for managing the transport fervice, upon and payable by the treasurer of his Majesty’s navy, shall be subject or liable to, or charged or chargeable with, any stamp duty to which bills of exchange are by law subject and liable, or any.ftamp duty whatfoever5 nor shall any person or persons receiving payment of the sum or sums of money drawn for, mentioned, or fpe-cified in such bill or bills, be bound or obliged to give a stampt receipt for the fame, but a receipt, or acknowledgement of payment, indorsed on such bill or bills, shall be held, deemed, and taken, as a sufficient release and discharge for the fame in all cafes and courts whatfoever.

XXXIII.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cafes, from and after the palling of this ad', where any remittance bill, or ticket for the payment of money, is or shall be drawn or made out pursuant to and in the execution of the powers given by any former ad or ads of parliament, and directed for payment to the receiver general of the land tax for the county of the city of London, or for the county of Middlefex, or any county within the bills of mortality of the city of London, the fame may be directed for payment to the treasurer of his Majesty’s navy, and such bill or ticket may and shall be paid and discharged by the laid treasurer of the navy, and (hall be allowed to him in the palling of his accounts, in the fame way and manner as if such remittance bill, or ticket for the payment of money, had been directed to and paid by such receiver general of the land tax, and afterwards repaid to him by the Paid treasurer of the navy.

XXXIV.  And be it further enaded, That, from and after the pafling of this act, if any person shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly ad ar.d assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting, any order, bill, extrad, or certificate, herein-before deferibed or mentioned, or shall utter and publi fh as true, any falfe, forged, or counterfeited order, bill, extrad, or certificate, herein-before deferibed or mentioned, knowing

the fame to be falfe, forged, or counterfeited, for the purpose of defrauding the publick, or any commillioned officer^ mafter, or furgeon, of the navy, widow,' or other person herein-before mentioned, of any wages or pay, half pay, penfion, or bounty, payable to them or any of them refpedively, every such perfon, being lawfully convicted thereof according to due course of lav/,

' shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fufFer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

Admiralty to XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, direct the That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or commifiioners 6f ike ^imvy'to ^or execut^ng t^ie °&ce of lord high admiral of Great Britain, shall deliver blank direct the commifiioners of the navy to deliver fuiiicient quantities bills, &c. and of blank bills and certificates herein-before directed to be made, the treasurer with sufficient instructions relative to the fame, to all captains and abflra^ of commanders in the royal navy, and all other persons to whom the this a61 to be fame are or shall be necefFary ; and shall direct the treasurer of the printed and navy to cause to be printed an abflrad of the provisions and regulations



1795*1 Annpregni tricesimo quinto G£orgii III. c. 95.  353

tions contained in this a<5f, and to deliver or transmit a compe- transmitted to tent number of copies thereof to the principal officers and com- ^c^nofPthe miffioners of the navy, to the commissioners of the customs and tl2LVy> &c. to commissioners of the excife, in England and Scotland, and to the bepromul-clerks of the cheque in his Majesty’s dock yards, who are hereby gated, strictly ordered and enjoined to hang up and affix the fame in some conspicuous part of their respective offices, and to publiftl and promulgate the fame as much as may be; and the said lord Admiralty to high admiral of Great Britain, or commissioners for executing to^delivered the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, are further to captains. directed to cause a competent number of copies of the said abftraCt to be delivered to the captain or commander of every (hip or vessel in the service of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, for the use of the said {hip or veflel.

C A P. X(JV.

An atI to enable boatfwains, gunnery and carpenters, serving in his Majesty*$ navy, to allot part of their wages or pay for the maintenance of their wives and families, — [June 22, 1795*]

WHEREAS an aSl was made in the present fejfton of par- Preamble.

liament, intituled, An acct to enable petty officers in the 35 Geo. 3. c0 navy, and feamen, non-commiffioned officers of marines, and %8. recited, marines, serving in his Majesty’s navy, to allot part of their pay for the maintenance of their wives and families : and whereas it is reasonable that the proviftons in the said a£l contained be extended to boatfwains, gunners, and carpenters, in the royal navy : be it there-foreenafted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the passing of this a<£i, it shall arid extended and may be lawful to and for every boatfwain, gunner, and car- to boatfwains, penterv ferving, or who shall hereafter ferve, on board of any penter3. ship or vessel of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, to allot one half of his monthly wages or pay for the maintenance of his wife, child or children, or mother ; and every such boatfwain, gunner, or carpenter, and the wife, child or children, or mother, of every of them, to whom such allotment shall be made, shall be, and is hereby entitled to the benefit cf all the powers, authorities, and provisions, in every article, matter, and thing, in the aforesaid afpecified, and subject to and under the several penalties and forfeitures therein contained, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as any petty officer, feaman, or landman, non-commiffioned officer of marines, or marine, in the royal navy, or the wife, child or children, or mother, of any of them, is or are entitled to the benefit of the fame, and as if the several powers, authorities, proviftons, penalties, and forfeitures, in the aforesaid a<5fc contained, were again repeated and re-ena6ted in the body of this present aCl,

Vol* XL,  A  a  CAP,

354 Annoregni tricesimoquinto Georgii III. c. 96. [1795.

CAP. XCVI.

An aft for the relief of persons detained in gaol for want of bail, in certain cafes relating to thepublick revenue.—[June 22, 1795.]

Preamble. T I* 7 HERE AS by an aft, passed in the twenty sixth year of his Geo. 3. c. ▼ V prejent Majefifs reign, intituled. An a£t to limit a time for

77-  the  repayment of the duties on male servants and carriages, by

the commissioners of excife; and also on horfes, waggons, wains, and carts, by the commissioners of ftamps; and for the amendment of several laws relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise ; it is enafted. That whenever any person or persons shall be charged with affaidting or objlrufting any officer or officers of the cnfioms or excise in the due execution of his or their office or offices, or any person or persons acting in his or their aid or afffiance, or with refcuifig, or attempting to refcue, by force, any uncuflomed or prohibited goods, after feixure thereof by fuck officer or officers, or with any offence againjl any law refpeft'mg quarantine, and the fame shall be made appear to any judge of his Majefifs court of kings bench, by affidavit or by certificate of an indictment or information being filed againjl such person or persons in the said court, for such offence, it shall be lawful for such judge to issue his warrant, under his hand and feal, and thereby to cause such person or persons to be apprehended and brought before him, orfome other judge of the said court, or before fo?ne one of his Majefifs justices of the peace, in order to his, her, or their, being bound to the King's majejly, with two sufficient fureties, in juch sum as, in the said warrant shall be expreffed, with condition to appear in the said court at the time mentioned in such warrant, and to answer to all atid singular indiftments or informations for any the offences aforefaid\ and in cafe Jiick person or persons shall neglect or refuse to become bound as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such judge or jufiice of the peace respectively to commit such person or persons to the common gaol of the county, city, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, or where he, Jhe, or they, shall have been apprehended, until he, Jhe, or they, shall have become bound as aforesaid, or shall be discharged by order of the said court of kings bench in term time, or by one of the judges of the said court in vacation : and whereas no indictment or information for any of the offences mentioned in the said recited aft can be brought to trial until the defendant or defendants shall have appeared and pleaded thereto ; and persons apprehended and committed to gaol, by virtue of the said aft, cannot be brought into the said court to plead in person to such indiftments or infor?nations without a confederate expence, and may, through poverty or ignorance, omit to fueout writs of Habeas Corpus to bring themselves into the said court for that purpose, or to cause appearances and pleas to be entered for them, according to the course of the said court, and are therefore liable to be detained in gaol, without trial, to their great bfs and grievance, and in delay of jufiice : and whereas it is reasonable that, in cafe such defendants shall be found not guilty of the charges againfi them, they Jhould be immediately released from their imprifonment: be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft

excellent

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii  97.  355

excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, where Where per-any person or perfons, by. virtue of the said recited aft, hath or fons commit-have been committed, and is or are now detained, or (hall here- 0f the^recited after be committed and detained, in any gaol for want of bail, it a<5tare detain-fhall be lawful for the prosecutor of such indictment or infer-for want of mation to cause a copy thereof to be delivered to such per- bail, the pro-fon or perfons, or to the gaoler, keeper, or turnkey, of the gaol £aoUfe°a wherein such person or persons is, are, or (hall be fo detained, with Gf {he indidt-a notice thereon indorfed, that unless such person or persons {hall, ment to be within such space of time as shall be for that purpose limited and delivered,with fixed by the said court of king's bench, cause an appearance, and ^lefs an^-alfo a plea or demurrer, to be entered in the said court to such pearance, &c. indictment or information, an appearance and the plea of not be entered in guilty will be entered thereto in the name or names of such per- alimitedtime, fon or persons refpeftively; and in cafe he, (he, or they, shall ^^he^lea00 thereupon, for the said space of time fo to be limited and fixed 0f not guilty as aforesaid, neglect to cause an appearance, and also a plea or will be enter-demurrer, to be entered in the said court to such indictment or ed, which may information, it (hall be lawful for the prosecutor of such indift-  ifC

ment or information, upon an affidavit being made and filed in on trj’ai tke the said court of a delivery of a copy of such indictment or infor- defendant mation, with such notice indorsed thereon, as aforesaid, to such {hall be ac-perfon or perfons, or to such gaoler, keeper, or turnkey, as the  the

calfe may be, which affidavit may be made before any judge or order hi^dif-commiffioner of the said court, authorised to take affidavits in charge, the said court, to cause an appearance, and the plea of not guilty, to be entered in the said court to such indictment or information for such person or persons reflectively, and such proceedings shall be had thereupon as if the defendant or defendants, in such indictment or information* had appeared and pleaded not guilty, according to the usual course of the said court; and that, if upon the trial of such indictment or information, the defendant or defendants, fo committed and detained as aforesaid, {hall be acquitted of all the offences therein charged upon him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for the judge before whom such trial shall be had, although he may not be one of the judges of the said court of king’s bench, to order that such defendant or defendants shall be forthwith discharged out of cuftody, as to his, her, or their commitment, by virtue of the said recited aft; and such defendant or defendants shall be thereupon discharged accordingly ; any thing in the said recited aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XCVII.

An aff to declare that hides and /kins tanned by a new method /hall t?e deemed tanned hides and /kins within the meaning of the affs relate ing to the duties of excise on hides and/kins tanned in Great Britain. * [June 22, 1795.]

a a 2  WHEREAS

356 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 98. [1795.

Preamble.  ^1X7" H E R p A S by on off made in the ninth year of the

9 Ann. c. 11. YV reign of her late majesty tjkieen Anne, for laying certain duties upon hides and /kins tanned, tawed, or drejfed ; for better avoiding all doubts and controversies concerning the several kinds of ,  hides  and  Jkins,  and  pieces of hides and Jkins, chargeable by that aft,

it was declared and enafted, that by tanned hides or Jkins, or by tanned pieces of hides or Jkins, were meant only such as were tanned in wooze ?nade of the bark of trees or Jhomack, or whereof the principal ingredients foould be such bark or Jhomack: and whereas, by an aft, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majejly, in -34Geo.3.c.63. fltuled. An aft for allowing the exercise of an invention of a new method of tanning hides and Jkins, the tanning of hides and Jkins by a method and with the materials or things defcr.ibed or afeertained in a certain injlrument, in writing, mentioned in the said aft, is authorised and permitted, and it is therefore expedient to declare and enaft, that hides and Jkins tanned by such method, or by any other method or procefs, or with any materials or ingredients whatfoever, shall be deemed and taken to be such hides and Jkins as are herein-after mentioned: be it therefore declared and enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Hides and parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, by anvmethod ^rom anc* a^ter Pai^ing °f this a&> all hides and fkins, and whatever, to pieces of hides and fkins, which shall be tanned by the said be deemed method, and with the materials or things deferibed or afeer-within the tained in the said instrument mentioned in the said last recited relating * a<^> or anY other method or procefs, or with any materials or to the duties ingredients whatever, shall be deemed and taken to be tanned on hides and hides and fkins, or tanned pieces of hides and fkins, within the fkins.  meaning of the said aft made in the ninth year of the reign afore-

faid, and of the several other afts of parliament in force immediately before the palling of this aft, relating to the duties on hides and skins tanned in Great Britain ; any thing in any aft now in force contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for allowing further time for the payment of the drawback on China ware, imported by the East India company before the first day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.—[June

22,1795O

Preamble.  \\l HERE AS there are great quantities tf/’Chlna ware remain-

V V  ing in this kingdom, imported from China by the united com*

pany of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, before the first day of April one ■ thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, the proprietors whereof, on account of cir cum fiances of a temporary nature during the present war, will not be able to export the fame within the term of three years from the importation thereof, being the time limited by law to entitle the proprietors to a drawback of part of the duties thereon ; and it is reasonable that further time JJ)ould be grantedfor



1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto GeorGII III. c. 99, 100. 357

fuch exportation ; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mod: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, for all China ware imported China ware by the said united company into this kingdom at any time before the first day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, comply be-and which shall be exported at any time within five years from fore April i, the respective times of the importation thereof, the exporter or *795> ifex-exporters of such China ware (hall be allowed and paid the fame drawback, under the like rules, regulations, fecurities, penalties, ^nfiJed to and forfeitures, as such exporter or exporters would be entitled drawback.

• or liable to in cafe such goods had been exported within the term of three years from the importation thereof j any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XCIX.

Ati aft for allowing further time forinrolment of deeds and wills made by papifts, and for relief of protestant purchafers.—[June 22, 1795.]

Aft 3 Geo. 1. c. 18. recited. Deeds and wills of papifts, See, made since September 29, 1717, to be good in law, if inrolled before the first of September, 1795. This aft not to extend to deeds, Scc. the validity whereof has been brought in question before the first of January, 1795* Purchafea made not to be avoided, on account of the title deeds not having been in-rolled, Sec, This aft not to make good any grant of the right of prefen-tation to any benefice, &c. in trust for any papift.

CAP. C.

An aft for permitting the importation of organzined thrown filk,fl<ixy and flax feed., into this kingdom, in ships or vessels belonging to any kingdom or Jlate in amity with his Majesty, for a limited time [June 22, 1795.]

WHEREAS  by an a(J, made In the fecund year of the reign s/" Preamble

their late majesties King William and §>ueen Mary, (in-tituledy An a£t for the difeouraging the importation of thrown 2 Gul Sc Mar. filk), amongst other things in the said aft contained, the bringing in c* 9* of thrown fllk, of the growth or production of Italy, is prohibited un-lefs imported in such ships or veffels, and navigated in such manner, as in and by an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An a<ft for the encouraging and inereafing of (hipping and navigation), is directed and allowed, and brought from some of the ports of those countries or places whereof the fame is the growth or production^ and which shall come dire ft ly by fea, and not otherwife: andwhereas there is at present very great and immediate want of organzined thrown silk from Italy, for the use and purpose of warp in the silk manufacture^ without which the manufacture cannot be carried on, and many thousands of manufacturers mufi be unemployed: be it therefore ena£ted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the

A a 3  authority

Aj& not to extend to silk coarferthan Third Bolo-

358 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii IIJ. c. ioo. [1795.

Organzined authority of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful to and Itrown (ilk offor any person or persons to import or bring into this kingdom, imported from ^rom anY Port or place in amity with his Majesty, in any (hip or any place in veftel whatfoever, until the expiration of twenty days after the amity with his commencement of the next fefiion of parliament, organzined vel^ehor^ t^rown ^ °f growth or production of Italy ; any thing con-certain time. tained in the said recited ads, or any other ad, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

II.  Provided always, That this ad, nor any thing herein contained, (hall extend to give liberty to import any Italian thrown filk, that shall be coarser than a fort thereof known and diftin-xua,norTram, gUifhed by the name of Third. Bolonia; nor any forts of silks silk of Turkv CDmmonly called Tram, of the growth of Italy ; nor any other &c.which shall thrown silk of the growth or product ion of Turky, Perfia, Eaji be forfeited. India, or China, under the penalty of forfeiting all such thrown silks as shall be brought over and imported contrary to the purport, true intent, and meaning, of this ad ; one moiety whereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefTors, and the other moiety to such person or persons who shall feize, inform, or fue, for the fame, to be recovered in such manner and form as goods forfeited may be recovered by any law relating to his Majesty’s revenue of cuftoms.

III.  And for the better and more effectual execution of this aft^ and to prevent the importation of any fort of thrown filk, not organzined\

All such silk to be it further enacted and declared. That all such organzined be brought to thrown silk as is allowed to be imported by this ad, wheresoever the.cuftorn^ landed, shall be brought to his Majesty’s custom house at London, to the intent that no other fort of thrown silk may be imported than that allowed by this ad, under the penalty of forfeiting all such thrown silk as shall be imported contrary to the purport, true intent, and meaning, of this ad; one moiety whereof shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefTors, and the other moiety to such person or persons who shall feize, inform, or sue for the fame, to be recovered in such manner and form as goods forfeited may be recovered by any law relating to his Majesty’s revenue of cuftoms; any thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.  And whereas, by an aft oj parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An ad for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, it is, among/l other things, enafted, That no fort of fax shall be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or town ^Berwick upon Tweed, in any Jhip or /hips, vessel or vejfels whatfoever, but such as do truly and without fraud belong to the people thereof \ or some of them., as the true owners or proprietors thereof and whereof the mafler and three fourths of the mariners at least are Englifh, except only such foreign /hips or vejfels as are of the built of that country or place of which the said goods are the growth, production, or manufacture refpeftively, or of such port where the said goods can only be, or mof ujually are, frft /hipped for tranfportation, and whereof the mafler and three fourths f the mariners at kaji are of the said country or place, under the pe-

nalty

houfe at don, on penal- to ty of for. feature.

22 Car. c. 16.

1795*3 Anno regni tricesimo quiato Georgii III. c. ioi. 359

nalty and forfeiture of the Jhip and goods: and whereas it is expedient to permit, for a limited time, the importation offax and fax feed into this kingdom in foreign neutral ships and veffels, although such ships or vessels are not of the built of the country or place of uthick flax or flax feed is the growth, production, or manufacture, or of the port where such flax or flax feed can only be. Or mofl usually hath heen,firfl /hipped for tranfportation: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this aft, and until Flax or flax twenty days after the commencement of the next session of parlia- feed may t>e ment, it (hall and may be lawful for any person or persons to import  ^

into this kingdom of Great Britain, any fort of flax or flax feed, in fonging to Q any (hip or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with itates in amity his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflfors, navigated by foreign feamen, with his Ma* from any port or place whatfoever, upon the fame terms and conditions, and subject to the fame rules, regulations, and re-flriftions, in any reitpefts, as such flax and flax feed would, by any law in force, have been fubjeft'and liable to if the fame had been imported in foreign ships or vessels of the built of the country or place of which such flax or flax feed was the growth, production, or manufacture; any thing in the before-recited aft, or any other aft or afts of parliament, to the contrary not-withftanding.

CAP. Cl.

An aCl to prevent the removal of poor perfons, until they /ball become ^dually chargeable.—[June 22, 1795*]

WHEREAS by an aCt, pajfed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Preamble.

years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An *3 and 14 aft for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom ; reciting. Car. 2. c. 12. That whereas, by reason of some defects in the law, poor people are ?iot rccitedv refrained from going from one parish to another, and therefore do cn~ deavour to fettle themselves in those parijhes where there is the bcfl flock, the largest commons or wastes to build cottages, and the mofl ivoods for them to burn and deflroy; and when they have confunied it then to another parijh, and at lafl become rogues and vagabonds, to the great discouragement of parijhes to provide flocks where it is liable to be devoured by strangers \ for remedy thereof it is thereby, amongst other things enaCied, That it shall and may be lawful, upon complaint made by the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of any parijh, to any justice of the peace, within forty days after any such person or persons coming fo to fettle as aforesaid, in any tenement under the yearly value of ten pounds, for any two justice s of the peace, whereof one to be of the quorum, of the division where any person or persons that are likely to be chargeable to the parish shall come to inhabit, by their warrant, to remove and convey such person or persons to such parish where 1 he or they were lafl legally fettled, either as a native, hotfeholder, fo-journer, apprentice, or fervant,for the space of forty days at the leafy unless he or they give fujflcient security for the dijcharge of the said parijh, to be allowed by the faidjuflices: and whereas many industrious poqr perfonsx chargeable to the parijh, townjhip, or place, ivhere they

A A 4  '  live

3^0 Anno regni tricesimo quintoGsorgii III. c. iot. [1795.

live merely from want of work there, would in any other place, where sufficient employment is to he had, maintain themselves and families without being burtherrfo?ne to any parifh, townjhip or placed and such poor persons are for the mojl part compelled to live in their own pa~ rifhes, townjhips, or places, and are not permitted to inhabit elfewhere, tinder pretence that they are likely to become chargeable to the parifh, townjhip, or place, into which they go for the purpose of getting employmentalthough the labour of such poor persons might, in many inflames, be very beneficial to such parifh, townjhip, or place: and whereas the remedy intended to be applied thereto, by the granting of certificates, in pursuance of the act passed in the eighth and ninth years of the reign Of King William the Third, intituled. An a& for supplying some defers in the laws for the relief of the poor of this kingdom, hath been found very ineffectual; and it is necessary that other proviftons should be made relating thereto : be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, 80 much of That, from and after the pafling of this atft, fo much of the said recited ad; as in part recited a<S of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of King ticesu!re*~ Charles the Second, as enables the justices to remove any person move persons or Per^ons that are likely to be chargeable to the parilh, town-likely to be ftnp, or place, into which they shall come to inhabit, (hall be, chargeable to and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from thenceforth no ^aled^and Poor Per^on be removed, by virtue of any order of removal, noVerionTto ^rom Parifh or place where such poor person shall be inhabit-be removed ing, to the place of his or her last legal fettlement, until such till they be. person shall have become actually chargeable to the parifh, town-come charge-

or place, in which such person shall then inhabit, in which cafe two justices of the peace are hereby empowered to remove the person or perfons, in the fame manner, and subject to the fame appeal, and with the fame powers, as might have been done before the palling of this a£t with respect to persons likely to become chargeable.

II.  And whereas poor persons are often removed or passed to the place of their settlement during the time of their ficknefs, to the great danger of their lives; for remedy thereof, be it further enabled Juftices may by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any poor person shall impend the from henceforth be brought before any justice or justices of the lick perfons; Peace> f°r the purpose of being removed from the place where he ’or she is inhabiting or fojourning, by virtue of any order of removal, or of being passed by virtue of any vagrant pafs, and it shall appear to the said justice or justices that such poor person is unable to travel, by reason of sickness or other infirmity, or that it would be dangerous for him or her fo to do, the justice or justices making such order of removal, or granting such vagrant pafs, are hereby required and authorised to suspend the execution of the fame until they are satisfied that it may safely be executed, without danger to any person who is the subject thereof; which suspension of, and subsequent permiftion to execute the fame, shall be reflectively indorsed on the said order of removal or va-

grant

361

1795*1 Anno regni tticefimo quinto Georgii III. c. ioi,

/grant pafs, and signed by such justice or juftices: and no a ft done by any such poor person continuing to reside in any parifh, townlhip, or place, under the suspension of any such order, {hall be effe&ual, either in the whole or in part, for the purpose of giving him or her a settlement in the fame; and the charges proved charges in-upon oath to have been incurred by such suspension of any order eurred by such of removal may, by the said juftices, be directed to be paid by ^the the churchwardens and overseers of the parifti or place to which officers of the such poor person is ordered to be removed, in cafe any removal parish to shall take place, or in cafe of the death of such poor person be- which they fore the execution of such order; and if the churchwardens or ^'removed ° overseers of the parifh, townlhip, or place, to which the order of which may be removal shall be made, or any or either of them, {hall, upon the levied with removal or death of such poor person ordered to be removed, cofts. refuse or nCgledt to pay the said charges within three days after demand thereof, and shall not within the fame time give notice of appeal as is herein-after mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for onejuftice of the peace, by warrant under his hand and fea!, to cause the money mentioned in such order to be levied by dif-trefs and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons fo refusing or neglecting payment of the fame, and also such costs attending the fame, not exceeding forty {hillings, as such justice shall direct; and if the parifti, townfhip, or place, to which the removal of such poor person is made, or was ordered to be made, before the death of such person as aforefaid* be without the ju-rifdidlion of the justice of the peace issuing the warrant, then such warrant shall be transmitted to any justice of the peace having jurisdiction within such parifh, townftlip, or place as aforesaid, who upon receipt thereof is hereby authorised and required to indorse the fame for execution : provided neverthelefs, that if the If costs exceed sum fo ordered to be paid on account of such costs and charges ^ay^e^made exceed the sum of twenty pounds, the party or parties aggrieved to the quarter by such order may appeal to the next general quarter feflionS (effions. against the fame, as they may do against an order for the removal of poor persons by any law now in being; and if the court of quarter feilions shall be of opinion that the sum fo awarded be more than of right ought to have been directed to be paid, such ' court may and is hereby directed to strike out the sum contained in the faia order, and insert the sum which in the judgement of such court ought to be paid ; and in every such cafe the said court of quarter sessions shall direct that the said order fo amended shall be carried into execution by the said justices by whom the order was originally made, or either of them, or in cafe of the death of either of them, by such other justice or justices as the said court shall direct: provided, that nothing in this a6t con- This ad not-tained shall extend to alter or abridge the power of justices octo alter the the peace to pass or punish vagrants in the manner and under the ^ceTto^ak* circumstances fet forth in an act, passed in the seventeenth year of or punilh va-the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, grants by 17 An aft to a?nend and make more ejfeftual the laws relating to rogues, ^eo- 2* c* 5* vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly perfons, and to houses ■  correction  \  *

 tooglc

362 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georg 11 III. c. 101. [1795*

correction; (except fo far as regards the power of suspending the vagrant pafs, in the manner and for the causes before mentioned).

No erfon to  ^urt^er  enacted  by the authority aforesaid,

g iin a fettle- ^hat n0 person coming into any pariffi, townffiip, or place, ffiall, mentbydeli- from and after the passing of this a<ft, be enabled to gain any very and pub- settlement therein by delivery and publication of any notice in

lication of a writi ng.

wnttennoticw, jy# Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-taxesfo^a ^ t^or*ty aforefaid. That from and after the passing of this a£f, no tenement of person or persons whatfoever, who (hall come into any pariffi, lefsthan icl. townffiip, or place, (hall gain a settlement in such pariffi, town-yearly value, ffijp, or place, by being charged with and paying his, her, or their (hare, towards the publick taxes or levies of the faid* pariffi, townffiip, or place, for and on account, or in reTpcdf of any tenement or tenements, not being of the yearly value of ten pounds,

to°SlconBder ^9 Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That every per-ed as charge-' f°n w^° ^ave been convicted of larceny, or any other felony, able, and may or who by the laws now in being (hall be deemed a rogue, va-be removed, gabond, idle, or disorderly perfon, or who (hall appear to any two or more justices of the peace of the division wherein such person (hall refide, upon the oath of one or more credible wit-nefs or witnesses to be a person of evil fame, or a reputed thief, such person not being able to give a satisfactory account of him-felf or herfelf, or of his or her way of living, (hall be considered as a person actually chargeable within the true intent and meaning of this adt, to the pariffi in which such person (hall refide, and (hall be liable to be removed to the pariffi of his or her last legal settlement by the order of the said justices of the peace, whereof one to be of the quorum, of the division where any such person (hall refide.

VI.  Provided alfo, and be it hereby enacted by the authority Unmarried aforesaid, That every unmarried woman with child ffiall be women with deemed and taken to be a person actually chargeable, within the deemed char true *ntent an<^ meardng of this adt, to the pariffi, townffiip, or geable. ' place> in which ffie ffiall inhabit, and may be removed as such to the place of her last legal fettlement; and in cafe any order of deemed^the removal obtained for such purpose ffiall be suspended for any of mothers pa- the reasons before mentioned, and during such suspension the said rilh.  woman ffiall be delivered of any child, which by the laws of

this kingdom ffiall be a baftard, every such bastard child ffiall be deemed and taken to be fettled in the fame pariffi, townffiip, or place, in which was the legal settlement of the mother at the Formeradts time of her delivery: provided neverthelefs, that all adl or adl$ touching baf- heretofore made touching bastard children, or concerning the remain in l° m°thers or reputed fathers of such children, ffiall be, and remain force.  in full force and effect after the passing of this a<ft as well in cafes

where by this adt the place of settlement of such bastard children is directed to be the fame as that of the mothers of such children,

&

I795;] Annoregru tricesimo qumto Georgii III. c. 102,  363

as in cafes where the place of settlement of such bastard children Remains the fame as it did before the palling of this a£L

CAP. CII.

An aft for the more effectual prevention of the use of defective weights, and of safe and unequal balances.—[June 22, 1795* J

WHEREAS by an aft, made and passed in the sixteenth year Preamble.

of the reign -of King Charles the Firjl, it was, among other things, enafted, That from thenceforth there Jhould be but one weight, according to the Jlandard of the exchequer, throughout all the realmy as well in places privileged as without^ any usage or cujlom to the contrary notwithftanding: and whereas the fa 'id recited aft, and the several other laws now in force for the due regulation of weights, have been found ineffectual for that purpose; and divers frauds are com-rnitted by persons ufmg deficient weights, and false or unequal balances, by which the poor in particular are much injured: and whereas it would tend greatly to prevent such pernicious and fraudulent prafticesy if the jufiices of the peace throughout the several counties of England and Wales, at their respective quarter fejfions, were e?npozvered to appoint proper persons to examine the weights and balances throughout the said countie j, and to punish such persons as Jhould be found offending in the premifes: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and Quarter fef-after the palling of this a£f, it (hall and may be lawful to and for f10.ns to aP* the juftices, at every quarter sessions of the peace to be held for J^examhie^ •any county, riding, liberty, or divifion, in England or Walesy and weights and they are hereby required, to appoint one or more person or per- balances, fons to examine the weights and balances within their respective counties, ridings, liberties, and divifions, such person or persons fo to be appointed to be the high constable of a hundred, who (hall have the power of examining within his hundred, or the constable and parish officers of a parilh, who shall have the like power within his and their parilh, or such other fit and proper person or persons as the faidjuftices shall in their diferetion think fit, who shall have a power of examining within such district as such justices lhall appoint.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Perfons fo ap-it lhall and may be lawful to and for the person and persons fo to  s°&c

be appointed as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, (having and fdze false first been sworn duly and faithfully to execute the office in him weights, See, or them repofed, by virtue of such appointment, and of this a61, which oath the faidjuftices are hereby authorised and empowered to adminifter), once in every month at the leaft, in the day time, to enter into the Ihop, houfe, outhoufes, and other premises near to such (hop or houfe, and into the stall or Handing place of every person or persons who lhall fell or retail by weight, any wares, provifions, gpQds, or chattels whatfoever, and then and thereto

fearefi

3 6 4

Penalty for having false weights, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 102. [1795.

fearch for, view, and examine, all weights and balances in such fhop, houfe, outhoufes, premifes, flail, or {landing place,- and to seize any weight or weights not being according to the standard in the exchequer, or any false or unequal balance or balances which shall upon such search be found, and forthwith to .break and destroy the fame ; and the person or persons in whose {hop, houfe, outhoufes, premifes, flail, or Handing place, any such weight or weights, balance or balances, {hall be found, fhall, upon conviction thereof before one of his Majesty’sjuftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, or place where the said offence shall be committed, upon view or confefiion, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witneffes, forfeit and pay such sum of money, not exceeding twenty {hillings nor less than five {hillings, as the jufiice before whom such person or persons shall be convidted. (hall ip his discretion order and adjudge, such forfeiture. to be levied by warrant under the hand and-feal of the said jullice, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons fo offending, and .to be paid to the treasurer of the county, riding, or divifion, where the said offence shall be committed, to be by him applied towards the expences of carrying this act into execution, and the residue (if any) in aid of the general county rate.

III.  And be it further enacted. That if any person shall wilfully obftruct, hinder, refill, or in any wife oppofe, any of the perlons hereby authorised and empowered to view and examine duce weights, such weights and balances in the execution of his office, or if any c*  person felling or retailing by weight shall refuse to produce his or

her weights and balances in order to be viewed and examined, he or she who {hall fo offend, {hall, for every such offence, on being duly convicted on oath before any one or more jullices of the peace, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty {hillings, nor less than five {hillings, as the justice or justices before whom any such offender {hall be convicted {hall adjudge; and such forfeiture or penalty {hall be levied and applied as herein-before diredted.

Quarter fef- IV. And be it further enadtedby the authority aforesaid, That it

a°recompence  anc* may  to  an<^  f°r justices at their said quarter

to the inlpec- sessions to allow to such person or perfons, who shall be appointed tors out of the to examine weights and balances under this adl, a reasonable recounty rate, compence or satisfaction for their trouble in the execution of the said office, such recompence or satisfaction to be paid to such person or persons out of the general county rate.

^fhed1 under  I>rov^ec^ a^ways> and be it further enadled. That any per-

this adt not to f°n or persons convicted of an offence under this adt, and who fufferbyany shall suffer for the fame under this adl, (ball not be otherwise punished for such offence by virtue of any other law or statute of this realm.

VI.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That this adl, or tbority ofCper- any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to fonsappointed extend, to lessen or prevent the authority which any person or per-

at court leetSa  Tons,

Penalty for obftrudtingin-. fpedtors, or refuting to pro-

Other.

Adt not to Jeffen the au-



1795*J AnnoregnitricesimoquIntoGEORGii III. c. 103,104 365 fons, bodies politick or corporate, or any person appointed at any court leet for any hundred or manor, may have or possess for the examining, regulating, feizing, breaking, or deftroying, any weights or balances within their respective jurifdidions^ but that he, fhe, and they, {hall and may have and possess the lame power and authority therein as if this ad had not been made.

VII.  And) for the more effectually carrying this aft into execution,

be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and ^au(e ftaridard

may be lawful to and for the said juftices, and they are hereby weighta to be

empowered and required, as soon after the pafling of this a£t as purchased out

may be convenient, to purchafe, or cause to be purchafed, for of the county

the use of their respective counties, ridings, or divifions, out of .  .  ^  0  ,•  1  n  1  mall be pro-

the general county rate, proper weights, according to the ltand- ducedto per-

ard in the exchequer; which {hall be depofitedfor the inflection tons paying of all perfons, either with the respective clerks of the peace, or the costs of with some proper perfon, in such safe and convenient place or Pr°dudion. places, within their respective counties, ridings, or divifions, as the said justices {hall diretd; and {hall be produced by the person or persons in whose custody the fame {hall be lodged (upon reasonable notice) at such time and place as any person or persons {hall, by writing under their respective hands, require and appoint; the person or persons fo requiring the production of the said weights paying the reasonable costs and charges of producing the fame.

VIII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That no person No person to

or persons {hall be prosecuted for any offence against this a£t, unlefs°infor-unlefs information thereof, upon oath, {hall have been given mation be to some justice of the peace within one month after the offence given within committed.  a month*

IX.  And be it further enatded, That this a£f {hall be deemed Publickad. and taken to be a publick a<5t; and be judicially taken notice of

as such, by all judges, juftices, or other perfons, without the fame being specially pleaded or fet forth.

cap, cm.

An ad to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of certain lands or grounds, situate at or near Painihill, in the several parishes of Cobham,

Walton, and Willey, in the county of Surrey, to George Chamberlaine, efq; George Bond, efq; one of his Majesty’s serjeants at law, and fir Samuel Haves, bart. of the kingdom of Ireland, upon the trusts declared by the will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, efq; deceafed, of and concerning hiseftate at Painlhill aforefaid.—[June  1795*]

CAP. CIV.

An ad for enabling the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, governors of the poffeffions, revenues, and goods, of the hof-pitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Chrift, Bridewell, and St. Thomas the Apoftle, and other the governors of Chrift’s Iiofpitals, to purchase houses and ground for enlarging Chrift’s Hofpitals in London and at Hertford, and erecting additional buildings thereto, and for other purposes.—[June 22,1795.]  >

The governors of Chrift’s Hofpital empowered to purchase houfes, in the fir-ft ichedule to this ad for enlarging the hospital in London; and

divers

366 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii 111. c, 105,106. [1795-

divers houses in the second schedule at Hertford, for enlarging the. hospital there. After such purchase all rights of common and ways over the ground at Hertford to ceafe. The governors empowered to take in part of Grey Friars in London, and part of a lane at Hertford, and to build thereon, &c. The governors to purchase ground on the other fide of the lane at Hertford, to be laid into the fame in lieu of what they take from it. The governors to provide a new burial ground in London, and empowered to shut up certain foot paths through the hospital in London. Buildings may be taken down and others erected, &c. The governors of Chrift’s Hofpital and St. Bartholemew’s Hofpital, empowered to fell to, or ex-5 change with each other. The governors of Chrift's Hofpital empowered to make exchanges of houfes, &c. Purchafe money to be paid before the governors proceed to take down houfes, &c. Compenfation to be made for tithes. Rates and taxes to be paid for houses purchased by the governors as heretofore. The governors empowered to fell surplus ground. Limitation of artions. General iffiue. Treble cofts.

C A P. CV.

An art for improving and supporting the navigation of the river Ivel, other-wife Yeo, from the town of Ivelchefter, to Bicknell Bridge, in the parish of Huifh Epifcopi, in the county of Somerfet; and for making a navigable cut from thence into a certain drain called Portlake Rhine, in the parish of Langport, in the fame county, and for making the said drain navigable from thence to the river Parrett, below Great Bow Bridge, in the town of Langport.—[June aa, 1795-]

Proprietors incorporated by the name of u The Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Ivelchefter to Langport.” For regulating the ererting of weirs, &c. For providing water for cattle. No works to be made between Bicknell Bridge and Great Bow Bridge, or at Great Bow ■ - Bridge. Rates. For all coal, culm, coak, cinders, charcoal, timber, iron, and iron ftone, two-pence per ton per mile. For all lime, dung, manure, and stone and lime stone for manure, one penny per ton per mile. For other goods, wares, &c. three-pence per ton per mile. Fifty cubic feet of round or forty cubic feet of square oak, afh, elm* or beech timber, and fifty cubic feet of fir, or deal balk, poplars, or birch, not cut into fcantlings, and fix-ty cubic feet of light goods, to be deemed a ton weight. Rates of wharfage two-pence a ton for twenty-four hours, or sixpence a ton for a week. Company may appoint officers. Company to contribute fix thousand pounds, at fifty pounds a (hare, and may borrow two thou-iand pounds more upon mortgage. Rates may be let for three years. If neceffiary to rebuild Little Bow Bridge, the fame to be kept in repair by Langport corporation, without prejudice to the tolls they are entitled to. Appeal. Limitation of artions. General iffiie. Treble cofts. Manerial rights referved.

CAP. CVI.

An art for amending and rendering more effertual^ an art, paffied in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An art to explain, amend, and enlarge, the powers of fo much of two arts, paffied in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving and completing the navigation of the rivers Thames and Ifis, from the city of London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts, as relates to* the navigation of the said rivers, from the boundary of the jurifdirtion of the city of London, near Staines, in the county of Middle-fex, to the said town of Cricklade; and for extending and enlarging the powers of the said feveralarts, paffied in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the:reign of his said present Majesty, fo far as the fame relate to the improving and completing of the navigation of the said rivers, from the jurifdirtion of the city of London, near Staine9, in the county of Middleiex, to the town ol Cricklade) in the county of Wilts,—[June  1795*]

Power

 CjOOQle

1795*3 Anno regni triceiimoquinto Georgii III. c. 107—169,

Power to ere<5t pound locks according to plan. Power of former ads extended to this. No weir to be erected between Boulter’s lock and the boundary stone of the city of London, until notice given to the corporation of the said city, and subject to the advice of engineers. No higher tolls to be taken at new than at old locks. Barges, &c. palling by pound locks to pay fame tolls as if they had palled through such pounds. Tolls may be taken by moieties on each pafiage. Limiting the toll to be taken on the fifth or sixth diftrids. Tolls not to be laid higher at one pound lock than at another Power to let tolls. Appointment of meeting in. each district annually. Diftrid meetings to appoint a committee for such diftrid. General meeting to be adjourned from fortnight to fortnight, until committees are appointed. General committee to appoint fub-com-mittees. General committee may survey and report works neceftary in each diftrid, and execute works ordered by general meetings. Quarterly general meeting to be held at WIndfor, instead of late ordinary one. General meeting to be held on the third Thurfday in February in Weft-minller. Method of recovering damages. Power to make towing paths. Commiflioners under old ads to ad until the twenty-fifth of December. Appointment of new commiflioners. Commiflioners to present their accounts to parliament annually. Juftices of adjacent counties to the river to have jurisdiction thereon.

CAP. CVII.

An ad for dividing, allotting, inclofmg, draining, and improving, the commons and Waite grounds within the several parishes of Epwor th, Haxey,

Belton, and Owfton, in the ifle of Axholme, in the county of Lincoln; and also for making a compensation for the tythes arising from the said commons, and from certain other lands within the said parifhes.— [Junezz, 1795. j

CAP. CVIII.

An ad for amending an ad, palled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An ad for building a bridge across the river Severn, near Redflone, in the county of Worcefter, and for making proper avenues and roads to and from the fame ; and for making fatis-fadion to the proprietors of a ferry across the said river at Redflone aforefaid; and enabling the trustees for executing the said ad to rebuild the said bridge.—[June zz, 1795-]

Old tolls to ceafe. New tolls. For every coach, chaife, &c. drawn by four horfes, two shillings and fixpence, and drawn by two horfes, one {hilling and lixpence. For every chaife, See. drawn by one horfe, one fhilling.'

For every waggon, cart, &c. drawn by five horfes, two fhillings; by four horfes, one shilling and fixpence} by three horses one fhilling; by two horfes, nine-pence ; and by one horfe, fixpence. For every fledge without wheels, nine-pence. For every horfe, &c. not drawing, three halfpence. For every horfe, &c. carrying double, two-pence. For hogs, ten-pence a fcore. For sheep and lambs, lixpence a fcore. For cows, oxen.

See. one penny each. For foot paflengers, one penny. For every person riding in a waggon, cart, See. one penny. For every person with a wheelbarrow, three-pence. Double toll on Sundays. Truftees empowered to borrow ten thousand pounds. Limitation of adions. General ifTuef Treble cofts. Appeal.

CAP. CIX.

jtfn a£l for repealing fo much of an aft of parliament, pajfed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled., An a6l for granting to his Majesty several additional rates and duties upon horfes, and carriages with four wheels; and for explaining and amending an ad, passed in the twenty-fifth year

co

368 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 109. [1795,

of his present Majesty, as far &s relates to certain carriages with two or three wheels, therein mentioned, as relates to the additional duties upon coaches with four wheels ufedas ft age coaches \ and for reducing the duties upon carriages with less than four wheels, moJHy used in the affairs of hu/bandry, or for the purposes of trade.—[June 26, 1795-]

Preamble. TX7HEREAS by an aft, passed in the! twenty-ninth year of the *9 Geo. 3. VV reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for granting c.49. recited, to his Majesty several additional rates and duties upon horfes, and carriages with four wheels; and for explaining Jand amending an aft, pa fled in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain carriages with two or three wheels, therein mentioned ; certain additional duties were granted to his Majejty on certain carriages with four wheels, therein mentioned: and whereas it is expedient to exempt stage coaches and diligences with four wheels from the faia additional duties: may it therefore please ycur Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-and the duties fiament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from pofed^on ftaee anc* a^ter t^le Pa^in§ °f a<^ the additional duties by the coaches re-  laid recited aft impofed,  fo far as the fame relate to any

pealed.  coach or diligence with four wheels, which (hall  be kept and em-

ployed as a publick stage coach for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire to and from different places within this kingdom, and which (hall be duly entered as such with his Majesty’s commissioners for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, and for which the annual duty of five pounds imposed thereon by an aft, passed in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (hall be duly paid, (hall cease and determine and be no longer paid or payable.

II.  And whereas, by an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of the 35 Geo. 3.  reign of his present Majesty,  intituled. An aft for  transferring the

47*  receipt and management of  certain duties therein  mentioned, from

the commissioners of excife, and the commissioners of damps refpeftively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in respect to the said duties fo transferred; it was enabled, that there ftmdd be charged and paid unto and for the use of his Majefiy, his heirs and fucceffors, (amongft others), the duties following ; that is to fay, for a?id upon every calajh, chaife, or choir, with two or three wheels, or by what name soever such carriages then were or thereafter might be called or known, to be drawn by one or more horses that Jhould be kept by or for any person or per fens for his or their own nfe, or to be let out to hire, the yearly sum of three pounds and ten /killings and whereas, by an aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, and 29Geo. 3.  for granting to his Majesty several additional rates and

c. 49.reci e ,  Upon horfes, and carriages with four wheels; and for ex-

plaining and amending an aft, passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain carriages with 2  . v.  two

lysK-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 109.  369

two or three wheels, therein mentioned; it was enaSlecJ that all and every carriage or carriages, with two or three wheels, by what-foever name or names such carriages then were or thereafter might he called or known, to he drawn hy one or more horfes, ivbich Jhould be used at any time for the carriage or conveyance of perfons, and not generally used in the affairs of hujbandry, or for the carriage of goods, wares,  merchandize,  from place to place, /zz the way of trade,

Jhould he deemed a carriage and carriages within the meaning of the said act of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majejly, ^to Jhould he entered and paid for accordingly : and whereas it is expedient that the duty on certain carriages herein-after defcribed, which are used in the affairs of hujbandry, or for the purposes of trade, to which oc-ca fondly may he used for the conveyance of perfons, Jhould he reduced to the annual sum herein after mentioned: be it therefore enabled,

That, from and after the patting of this a61, there (hall be a^d jn lieu of charged and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his ^eirs [hereby im-and fuccettors, in lieu of the duties imposed by the said recited pofed/there a6ls on the carriages herein-after defcribed, the duties following; shall be paid that is to fay, For and upon every carriage with less than f°ur^°r wheels, by what name soever such carriage now is or hereafter ^arTfour ^ (hall or may be called or known, to be drawn by one horfe, and no wheels, prin-more, which shall or may be used in the affairs of hufbandry, or for cipally used in the purpose of carrying goods, wares, or merchandize, from place hufbandry, to place in the v/ay of trade, but which shall or may be used oc- ^oods^anefof cafionally for the conveyance of perfons, and which shall be built 3 certain con-and constructed wholly of wood and iron, without any covering ftru&ion, ios. other than a tilted covering, or any lining whatever, and without Per aanurai fprings, and which shall have the words u A taxed Cart,” and also the owner’s name and place of abode, there shall be charged and paid the yearly sum of ten shillings ; which said rate and duty, on every such carriage with less than four wheels, used in manner aforesaid, shall be paid by the person or persons keeping the fame refpe&ively; and the said duty shall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, paid, accounted for, and applied, in the fame manner, by the fame persons refpedtively, and under the like rules, directions, and provisions, and to the like ufes, as the duties on carriages with four, three, or two wheels, are now raifed, levied, collected, paid, accounted for, and applied.

Ill Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That no car- ^ riage shall be deemed to be within the provisions of this a/ff before price than I21* mentioned, where the first price or sum originally paid for the to be within fame to the maker thereof, or for any subsequent alteration or the meaning addition, (repairs excepted), shall have exceeded twelve pGUryls ot ttiS a<^c firerl ing.

IV.  And be it further enabled, That the present duties on Prefent duties Carriages with two wheels, of the defeription herein before men*to

tioned, in refpe6t of all such carriages which shall be assessed by virtue of this a6t, shall cease and determine.

V.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Ownersname, every person to be rated and afl'effed for fuph carriage, shall mark ^^rked^o

or paint, or caul'e to be marked or painted, on a black ground fucrhcarriages>

Vol. XL.  B  b  ia

Carriages to be produced to be examined.

If such carriage be used for the conveyance of perfons, and

Annoregnt tricesimo quinto GeorgiiIH. c. 109. [1795;

in white letters, or on a white ground in black letters, on the outside of the back pannel or back part of such carriage, or in cafe such carriage {hall be constructed without a back pannel or any back part on which such letters may be marked or painted, then on the fide, or on some conspicuous part of such carriage, on the outside thereof, his or her christian and furnames, and the place of his or her real abode, and the words “ A taxed Cart” in Roman letters and in words at full length, each of such letters being at least one inch in length, and of a breadth in proportion; and (hall, upon demand being made, produce such carriage fo marked or painted to the afleflor or affeffors, surveyor or fur-veyors, inspector or infpedors, of the said rate or duty, or at any meeting of the commissioners for putting this a£f in execution, or to any two or more of them, to be examined by them, or any or either of them, refpe£ling all or any of the particulars above mentioned; and if any person or persons {hall have or keep any carriage with less than four wheels, and shall at any time use the fame for the carriage or conveyance of any person or perfons, and such carriage {hall in respect of the first price thereof, or for shall have cost any subsequent addition or alteration, (repairs excepted), have morethaniil. been charged or valued, (the proof of which price {hall lie on the ftni&ed°c- owner or owners of such carriage), at any sum exceeding twelve cording to this pounds fterling, or {hall be built or constructed in any refpe£t adf, &c. it contrary to the provisions herein-before mentioned, or (hall not shall becharg- be fo marked as aforesaid, or if such person or persons shall negledfc

«*A .»UU  5  .  r  1 r r \  .  0  -

or refufe, upon demand being made, to produce such carriage lo marked to the afleflor or affeflors, surveyor or furveyors, infpedtor or infpeitors, of the said rate or duty, or to the commissioners as aforesaid for the examination of them, or any or either of them, every such person or persons {hall be liable to and shall be charged with the said rate or duty of three pounds and ten {hillings, in refpedb of such carriage, by virtue of the said recited a£ls; and the said surveyor or surveyors upon notice thereof {hall certify the fame in writing under his or their hand or hands to any two or more of the commissioners for putting this a6l in execution, in order to have such carriage charged at the rate of three pounds and ten {hillings in the affeffrnent made or to be made for that year; and any two or more of the said commissioners {hall thereupon cause the affeffrnent to be rectified or made according to such certificate, and the said rate and duty to be levied and paid accordingly.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enadled, That no person or persons who {hall keep any carriage with less than four wheels, which {hall be kept truly and without fraud to be used wholly in the affairs of husbandry, or in the carriage of goods in the course of trade, {hall in refpe6l thereof be chargeable with the said duty by this a£t impofed, or with the duties imposed by the herein-before recited a6t of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign, by reason of any person or persons riding thereon or therein when returning from or going to anyplace, to or from which any load ihall have been or (hall be to be carried in such

car-

ed with the duty of 3I. 10 s, which the surveyors ihall certify to the commiffioners.

No carriage with less than four wheels, used wholly for husbandry or carrying goods, fhail be liable to duty for persons riding with their loads, or to church, or to de&ions.

371

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo qulnto Georgii III. c. no.

carriage in the course of hu(bandry, or for the purpose of trade, as aforesaid, or for conveying the owners thereof or their families to and from divine service on Sundays, or for carrying persons going to or returning from the election of members to serve in parliament, in cafe such carriage (hall not have been used for any other purpose of riding thereon or therein save as aforefaid.

VII.  And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Ev&J hereby

faid duty of ten {hillings hereby granted on carriages with less  X

than four wheels, {hall be moreover subject and liable to the ad- percent, im-ditional duty of ten pounds per centum on the gross amount there- posed by

of, granted by an a<51, made in the thirty-firft year of his present 31 Ge°'3-C’.£v Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aid for granting to his Majefly additional duties on the amount of the duties under the management of the com?nijfioners for the affairs of taxes, therein mentioned; and that such additional duty of ten pounds per centum /hall be raifed, levied, cohered, and paid, in the fame manner, and under the fame rules and regulations, powers and authorities, ways,means, and methods, as the said additional duty is, by the said a&of the thirty-firft year of his present Majefly aforesaid, diredied to be collected and paid.

VIII.  Provided always, and be it enacted, That every horse drawing any cart herein-before defcribed, on which the said duty hot liable^ of ten {hillings is hereby impofed, {hall not be subject or liable duty.

to any duty whatever on account of drawing any such cart,

CAP. CX.

An aid to amend an aft, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his present Majefly, intituled. An a£I for regulating the allowance of the drawback, and payment of the bounty, on the exportation of fugar; and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda illands in-foreign {hips; and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars ex-ported in any other than British Jhips.—[June 26, 1795.]

WHEREAS by an aft, passed in the thirty-fecond year of his Preamble.

prefent Majeflfs reign, intituled. An a£I for regulating the 3* Geo. 3. allowance of the drawback, and payment of the bounty, on the c* 43) rec,te c' exportation of fugar; and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in foreign fhips, certain reflriftions are provided respecting the allowance and payment of drawbacks on the exportation of raw fugar, and of bounties on the exportation of refined fugar, from Great Britain: and zvhereas it is expedient that, in consequence of the present war with France, provisions Jhould be made respecting the periods at which the average prices of the fugar/ball be taken, and also the prices which J.hall regulate the allowance and payment of the drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of raw and refined fugars: may it therefore please your Majefly that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s mofk excellent ma^ jefly, by and with the advice and consent of the lords.fpiritual' and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled,: and by the authority of the fame. That if on the twenty-third ^t^e average day of AugufL, and the twenty'third day of Qftaberr in the year one covadcf fugar*

B B 2 v  thou-  &all,at cert aba

exceed a certain price, the drawback to be allowed.

372 Anno regni tricesimo quinto GeorgiiIII. c. xii. [1795.

periods, not thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and in the fame manner on. the twenty-third day of February, the twenty-third day of Augujl, and the twenty-third day of 0Bober, in each and every year, during the continuance of the present war, the average price of brown or Mufcovado fugar, taken in the manner directed by the said recited a£t for the fix weeks preceding, fhall^not exceed iixty-five {hillings for an hundred weight, exclusive of the • duty of customs paid or payable thereon on the importation thereof into Great Britain, and then and in such cafe'the drawback and bounty on the exportation of sugar shall be paid and allowed ; any thing in the said recited a£t to the contrary in any wife notvvithftanding.

II. And be it further enadled, That the bounty clue and payable on the exportation from this kingdom of refined sugar produced from Mufcovado sugar imported from the Britijh plantations in America, (hall be allowed and paid for all such sugar as (hall have been shipped under the authority of the said recited a£h> or may hereafter be shipped by virtue of this a£t, within the refpec-tive periods mentioned in the said recited adf, or this a£t, although recited or. this such sugar shall not be, or shall not have been, exported until after the expiration of such respective periods.

On exporta- III, Provided always, and be it further enadled, That, on tion of refined the exportation from this kingdom of any refined sugar in any ot^er t^an a Britijh ship or vefiel, owned, navigated, and regiftered, ihip, is. per according to law, there shall be paid and allowed one (hilling less cwt. lefsboun- bounty for each and every hundred weight of such'fugar fo exported, ty to be paid, than if the fame had been exported in a Britijh ship or vefiel, fo owned, navigated, and regiftered; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Bounty on exportation of refined Muf-covado sugar to be paid for all shipped within the periods mentioned in the

CAP. CXI.

An aft for more ejfeftually carrying into execution' an aft, made in the thirty-thirdyear of the reign of his present Majejiy, intituled. An a6t for the encouragement and relief of frienSly focieties; and for extending fo much of the powers thereof as relates to the framing rules and regulations for the better management of the funds of such focieties, and the appointment of treajurers to other infitutions of a charitable nature.—[June 26, 1795 ]

Preamble. TT7 HERE AS by an aft, pajfed in the thirty-third year of the 33GecK3.c.54, Vr reign of his present Majejiy, intituled. An a£t for the en-recited.  couragement  and  relief  of friendly focieties, it was provided, that

no society which hacl been efablijhed before the pajfng of the said aft s for the purposes therein mentioned, floould be within the intent and meaning thereof, nnlefs all the rules, orders, or regulations, under which such society jhoidd thereafter be governed, Jhould be exhibited, confirtned, and filed, at the general quarter feJJions of the peace, holden for the county, riding, divifion, or Jhire, at fiome time before or immediately next after the feajl of Saint Michael one thousand seven hundred and ninety four: and whereas manyfuch societies may have inad-4  vertently

vcrtently omitted to take the benefit of the said aft : may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritua! and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That it shall be lawful for any such society to exhibit the rules, Societies cf-orders, .and regulations, made for its government, at any general quarter sections of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, to redted be holden in and for the county, riding, divifion, or /hire, may exhibit where such society hath been eftablifhed, at any time before or their rules for immediately after the Michaelmas session in one thousand seven  uarter

hundred and ninety-fix : and that such rules, orders, and regu- feffions^before lations, being confirmed in the manner in the said recited adl or immediate-directed, maybe fled at such feftions, and shall be valid and as ly after Mi-effectual as if the fame had been exhibited, confirmed, and fled, cbaelmas within the time in the said recited adt limited.

It. And whereas several benevolent and charitable inflitutions and societies are formed in this kingdom, for the purpcfe of relieving, by voluntary fubferuptions and benefaftions, widows, orphans, and families, of the clergy, and others in difrejfed circumjlances: and whereas such inflitutions have or may have funds, zuhich they may wish to place out on publick fecurities, under the management of a treasurer : and whereas, in order to give f ability to such inflitutions, it is necef-Jary that their property floould be jeeured wider the authority of parliament: be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful Governors of for the governors, directors, managers, or members, of any inftitution, for the purpose of relieving the widows, orphans, and wicj0\vs families, of the clergy, and others in diffreffed circumflances, to may frame frame good and wholesome rules, for the management and diftri- rules and pre-bution of their funds, and the fame from time to time to amend and alter, or to make new rules, as occasion shall require, and as societies to procure the fame to be prefen ted to the justices of the peace eftabliftied by for their confirmation within the time herein-before limited, and virtue ofrccit-to be regiftered, under and subject to the fame conditions,’ me- ec* a^* thods, reftridtions, and regulations, as the members of focieties, to be eftablifted by virtue of the said recited a61, are directed to make, alter, amend, or renew and regifter, their rules.

111.  And be it further enadled, That the governors, directors, Inflitutions managers, or members, of any such inftitution, whose rules shall whole rules be confirmed and registered according to the directions of the said recited adi, shall and may appoint a .treafurer, who shall give appoint^rea-fuch security as is directed by the said recited act; and that such hirers, &c. treasurer fo appointed shall be subject to account for the funds and be enti* belonging to such inftitution, and the fame shall be veiled in such treafurer, and such treasurer shall sue and be sued in such man-ner as is directed by the said recited adt; and, that all-powers^ authorities, rules, methods, diredtions, regulations, provifions, conditions, and reftridtions, in the said adt contained, fo far as the fame relate to the appointment of treafurers, or to the taking security from such treafurer, and for protedting, fecuring, or recovering, the funds veiled in such treafurer, shall be extended to all and every the inflitutions established for the purposes herein-

?b 3  before

before mentioned, by virtue of this aor anv of them ; and all such institutions (hall have and enjoy, and be entitled unto the benefit of this adt, with relation to the several matters before mentioned, as fully and effectually as any society established by virtue of the said recited adf can or may have or enjoy the fame ; dnd all the powers, authorities, rules, methods, diredlions, regulations, provifions, conditions, and reftridlions, in the said a61 contained, in relation to the several matters before mentioned, shall be applied and put in execution with respect to the several institutions established by virtue of this adt, as fully and effectually as if the fame had been particularly repeated and re-enadted ifi this adt.

CAP. CXII.

An aft for allowing further time for persons to take out certificates for using or wearing hair powder, in pursuance of an aft of this present fejjion of parliament, intituled, An adf for granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates iftiied for using hair powder ; and alfofurther 'time for the admeasurement and regijlering of boats, barges, and other vsffels, in pursuance of another aft of the fame fejjion, inti-tided. An adt for requiring all boats, barges, and other veffels, cf certain defcriptions, used on navigable rivers, and on inland navigations, in Great Britain, to be regiftered.—[June 26, 1795* J

Preamble. X X 7HEREAS by an aft, passed in the present fejjion of parliament, 3jOeo,3,c.49' VV intituled. An a<St for granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates issued for using hair powder ; it was enafted, that, from and after the fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or within the space of one calendar month next enfuing, every person liable to the duty by the said aft impofed, Jhould make entry of his or her name and place of abode, in the manner andfor the purpose in the said aft mentioned, under the penally in the said aft contained, in order to obtain a certificate thereof duly ft amp ed, as by the said aft is dire ft ed: and whereas from the fort period of time allowed by the said aft for making such entries, many persons ufmg hair powder may, through ignorance, abfence, orfome unavoidable accident, have omitted or neglected to make such entries, and obtain such certificates as afore-faid, within the time limited by the said aft, whereby they are or may become liable to the penalty contained therein : for remedy whereof, ipay it please your Majesty that it may be enadfed; and be it enadfed by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority Time allowed of the fame, That the time allowed by the said recited adl for by recited aft making such entries, and obtaining such certificates, shall be, entrJes^and an^ is hereby extended until and upon the twentieth day o£ July obtaining cer- one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five ; and that every tificates, ex- person liable to the duty by the said recited adl impofed, who, on tended to July the fifth day of June one thousand feven»hundred and ninety-five,

•  fhall

1795*1 Anno regni trlcefimo quinto Georgix III. c. 112.  375

fhali have neglected or omitted to make such entry and obtain such certificate, and who, before the twentieth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, fhali make such entry, and obtain such certificate, as by the said recited a61 is required, fhali be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and difcharged, from and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of such omi/Iion or neglect ; and every such entry fo to be made fhali be of the like force and effect as if the fame had been, made within the time limited by the said recited a6t.

If. And whereas, by the said recited aft, the occupier of every dwelling house is required at the end of every year, ending the fifth day of Apr il, to prepare and produce lifts in writing of the names of ..perfins resident in Inch dwelling house liable to the duty by the said recited aft impofed\ which lifts, for the fir ft year after the pajfing of the said aft, are dtrefted to be made for all the persons resident in such diveiling house who shall have used hair powder at any time between the fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety five and the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, under the penalty in the said recited aft mentioned; be it further enafted,

That in the firfi lift to be made out in pursuance of the said recited Occupiers of 26c, after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and lifts of refi'”* ninety-fix, by the occupier of any dwelling houfe, the fame fhali dents who be required to be made for all the persons resident in such dwel- have worn hair ling house who fhali have worn hair powder to the knowledge of powder, to the said occupiers at any time between the said twentieth day of ^7orfuch July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the fifth as have worn day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix ; and it between that no such occupier who fhali prepare and produce any such Jldy 20 1795, lift as is herein-before required fhali be fubje£f or liable to any April 5> penalty or forfeiture by reason of any omifiion or negle6t to return Occupiers not in such lift any person who fhali have worn such hair powder at liable to pe. anytime before the said twentieth day of July one thousand seven nalty for omit-hundred and ninety-five, such person fo omitted to be returned  as

having difeontinued the use of hair powder, and not having powdTrbefore worn the fame on or at any time after the said twentieth day of juiy a0f July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to the knowledge of such occupier; any thing in the said recited a£fc contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

III. And whereas by an aft, made in the present session of parliament, intituled, An aft for requiring all boats, barges, and other 35 Geo. 3.C. veflels, of certain deferiptions, used on navigable rivers, and on ^ recited, inland navigations, in Great Britain, to be regiftered, it was entitled, that every lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other veffel, exceeding the burden of thirteen tons, in the said aft deferibed, which, from and after the fifteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, Jhould be worked, rowed, or navigated, in or upon any river, canal, or other inland water or navigation, in Great Britain,

Jhould be registered on or before the said fifteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in the manner in the said recited aft mentioned; and that a certificate of every such regifiry Jhould also be obtained within the time in the said aft limited\ under the penalty

bb 4  and

376 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 113. [1795;

and forfeiture therein mentioned: and whereas many owners of such lighters, barges, boats, wherries,  other veffels,  have had.,

before the expiration of the time in the said recited aft limited, an opportunity of r offering the said veffels, or obtainingfich certificate, or involuntarily may have omitted or neglcfted fo to do ^ be it there-and the time fore enadfed by the authority aforesaid, That the time allowed edTor^ifter* ^01 reg^cer^ng any lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vdlel, fngveffcUufed reciu*lre^ t0 be registered by the said recited adt, (hall be, and is on navigable hereby extended until and upon the fir ft day of September one rivers and in- thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and until the day on d  figbter) barge, boat, wherry, or other veffel, (hall

to Sept i^eQ be first worked, rowed, or navigated, in or upon such river, J795> &c! canal, or other inland water, or navigation, after the said first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that every person who (ball cause to be registered any such* lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other veffel, and fhail demand a certificate thereof in the manner directed by the said recited add, and fhail cause the fame vessel to be painted as to all the particulars and in the manner prescribed by the said recited adl, at any time before or on the said first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or at any time before the day on which such lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other veffel, (hall be first worked, rowed, or navigated, in or upon such river, canal, or other inland waters or navigation, after the said first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, {hall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and difcharged, from and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred, against the form of the said recited add, for or by reason of not regiftering, or involuntarily omitting or neglecting to regifter, such lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other veffel, within the time limited by the laid recited add; and every such registry fo to be made within the refpeddive times hereby allowed, {hall be as effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had been made within the time when the fame ought by the (aid recited add to have been made.

cap. cxiii.

An aft for the more effectual prevention offelling ale and other liquors by persons not duly licenfed.—[J une 26, 1795.]

Preamble.  TT THERE AS, by an aft,  made in the fifth year of the reign of

5  Geo.3. c.45, VV bisprefent Majesty, intituled, An add for altering the stamp inpart recited, duties upon admiftions into corporations or companies ; and for further securing and improving the stamp duties in Great Britain; after reciting that, by the laws then in force in that part of Great Britain called England, and dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick- upon-Tweed, persons felling ale or beer, or other excifeable * liquors, by retail, without licence, were liable andfubjeft by different laws to different penalties and punifhments, which had occaftoned much confufion, and an ill and improper use had been made thereof in many inf lances; for the prevention whereof it was enafted., that, from and

after

' 

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 113.  377

after the fifth day of July one th oufand seven hundred and fixtyfve, every p erf on lawfully convicted offelling ale or beer, or other excifeable liquors, by retail after that day, in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or tozvn of Berwick-upon-Tweed, without being duly licensed fo to do, Jhould, for every such offence, forfeit and- undergo the several penalties and puniflmients tbcrein-after mentioned and provided in that behalf injlead and in lieu of the several pecuniary and corporal pnnijlments, zuhich they were then liable or subject to by any lava then in force ; that is to fay,

For the firfi offence the sum of forty jhillings, and also the cojls and expences of convicting such offender; and in cafe such fum, together with the charges and expences of convicting such offender, should not be paid within the space of fourteen days next after such conviction, that then the offender Jhould ffffer imprisonment for the space of one month, unless he or they ffould Jooner pay such penalty, and the cojls, charges, and expences, of such conviction, and executing the fame ; andfor the second offence the sum of four pounds, and also the cojls and expences of convicting such offender ; and in cafe such fum, together with the charges and expences of convicting such offender thefecond time should not be paid within the space of one week next after such conviction, then the offender JhouldJujfer imprisonment for the space of two months, unless he or they fioould sooner pay such penalty of four pounds, and the cojls, charges, and expences, of such second conviction, and executing the fame ; andfor the third offence the sum offix pounds, and also the cojls and charges of ^convicting such offender ; and in cafe such sum of fix pounds, together'with the charges and expences of convicting such offender the third ti?ne fioould not be paid within the space of three days next after such third conviCtion, that then the offender should juffer hnprijonment for the space of three months, unless he or they fioould jooner pay such penalty offix pounds, and the cojls, charges, and expences of fiuch third conviction, and executing the fame, and the like penalty and punifioment for every other offence after the third offence, and conviction thereof, as for the fiaid thirds offence ; all which fiaid cojls and expences should be affejjed, fettled, and afeertained, by the jujlice or jujlices of the peace before whom such offenders should refpcCtively be convicted; any law, Jlatute, or cujlom, to the contrary thereof in any wife noiwithjlanding ; all which penalties and forfeitures fioould go and be paid, the one moiety thereof to his Majejly, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof, and also the cojls, charges, and expences, to be affjfid or afeertained as aforefiaid, to the prosecutor or prosecutors of every such offender or offenders: and whereas, by reason of many evasions Jlill made use of, and of defects in the powers of the laws now in force, it is dijficult is convict offenders against them: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Rung’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of the said add, as is above recited, shall be Recited part and is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the twentieth Geo. 3.0* day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, if 46» repea ed. any perfon, (hall fell ale or beer, or any other excifeable liquors, Sp^fons

hy felling, or per-



37^ . Anno regnl tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 113. [1795.

mitting to he by retail, or shall permit or fufFer any ale or beer, or any other houf'-s txcKe exc,fea^e liquors, to be fold by retail, in his, her, or their houfe, able liquors by outhoufe, or yard, garden, orchard, or other place, in that part retail without of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and licence, liable town of Berwick- upon-Tivecd, without being duly licensed fo to topenaty.  anc]  Qjall thereof be duly convidted, every such person fo

offending (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, and also the costs and expences attending the Convi£lion, to be levied and recovered as herein is diredbed ; and

on and after a second conviction for the like offence, shall also be rendered incapable of being thereafter licensed to keep an alehoufe, or to fell ale or beer, or other excifeable liquors, by retail.

Juftices may II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That determine it (hail and may be lawful for any one of more justice or justices comp n s. 0f the peace for the time being, of the county, riding, divilion, or place, where such offence shall be committed, to hear and determine the fame in afummary way; which said justice and justices is and are hereby respectively authorised and required, upon information exhibited or complaint made to or before him or them in that behalf, to summon the party or parties accufed, and also any person or persons as' a witness or witneffes, on either fide, and upon appearance, or contempt by not appearing, of the party or parties accufed, to proceed to hear the matter in a fum-mary way, and also to examine any witness or witnesses on oath, and to give judgement therein ; and upon proof of the offence, either by confeffon of the party or parties, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witneffes, to convict the party or parties fo accused or complained against of the offence laid to If penalties be )ier^ or their charge; and in cafe the party or parties fo con-^ayPbedJevied v^cd shall not’ at hme ^ P‘ace convidlion, if prefent, by diftreis, (or if abfent), within the space of three days after notice, either personally served upon the party or parties, or left for him, her, or them, at the place where the offence shall have been committed* according to the directions of this adh pay the penalty or penalties for which he, fhe, or they, shall stand convidted, together with the costs and expences attending the fame, which said costs and expences shall be afeertained and fixed by the justice or justices convidfing the offender or offenders; that then, and in every such cafe, it shall be lawful for such justice or juftices, and he and they is and arc hereby required to issue his or their warrant or warrants of diftrefs, empowering the person or persons to whom the fame shall be diredted, to make distress of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, wheresoever they shall or may be found, within the jurisdiction of the justice or justices convi&ing such offender or offenders, and also any goods and chattels found, or being in the houfe, outhoufe, cellar, vault, ftorehoufe, or other place, in which such offence shall have been committed, or which shall be found or be in any houfe, outhoufe, cellar, vault, or other ftorehoufe, belonging to or occupied therewith, or which shall be found or be in any houfe, outhoufe,

cellar.

cellar, vault, ftorehoufe, or other place, which shall have beeu entered at the excise office for keeping or laying any beer or ale, cyder or perry therein, by or in the name or names of such offender or offenders ; and on the goods and chattels fo diffrained the officer or officers executing such warrant or warrants as afore-faid shall proceed to levy the sum or sums exprefTed in such warrant or warrants, in manner directed in and by an adl, made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his late majeffy King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the more easy and effectual proceeding upon difrejfes to be made by warrants of juf.ices of the peace, and all the powers and provisions of the said adi ; and also of an adf, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majeffy, intituled, An a ft to authorise jufiices of the peace to impose fines upon conjlables, overfeers, and other peace andparijh officers, for neglect of duty ; and on m afters of apprentices for ill usage of such their apprentices ; and also to make provifio?i for the execution of warrants of difirefs granted by magijlrates ; as far as the fame relate to the execution of warrants of difirefs, shall be extended, applied, and put in execution, in relation to warrants of difirefs to be granted by virtue of this a£f, as fully and amply as if the fame powers and provisions had been severally repeated and re-enadled in this adh -

III.  Provided always, and be it further enadled, That at the request of the owner or owners of the goods fo didrained, the fame may be fold at any time within the four days allowed by the said a£f of the twenty-feventh year of his late Majesty.

IV.  And be it further enadted, That there shall be paid and allowed to the officer or officers executing such warrant or war-

Officers to execute warrants agreeably to 27 Geo.

2. C. %Q \

the provisions of which, and of 33 Geo. 3. c. 55, as to execution of warrants, to extend to this add.

Difirefs may be fold within four days.

Allowance to officers.

rants of difirefs, for the safe keeping of the goods and chattels fo diftrained, for each day such goods and chattels shall be in his or their cuftody, such sum not exceeding five (hillings per diem, and for any person or persons acting therein in the aid and assistance of such officer or officers, such sum not exceeding two (hillings per diem for each such perfon, as the convidting jufiice or jufiices shall allow and direct to be paid, due'proof being firfi made on oath, to the satisfaction of such jufiice or jufiices, that sufficient caufeexifted for calling in the aid and affifiance of such person or perfons.

V.  And be it further enadled, That one moiety of the penalty Application of fo levied shall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety there- Penalty* of to the use of the poor of the parifh, townfhip, or place, in which the offence shall have been committed in such manner as the jufiice or jufiices as aforesaid shall direct and appoint 3 and If sufficient if the person or persons authorised to execute such warrant or warrants, or any or either of them, shall make a return thereto juft{ce may that no sufficient difirefs can be found whereon to levy the pe- commit the nalty and costs and charges as aforesaid, then it shall and may be offender, lawful for any jufiice or jufiices of any county, riding, divifion, or place, within whose jurisdiction the party or parties, againfl: whose goods and chattels such warrant of difirefs shall have been iffued, shall at any time be found, upon producing to such jufiice

or

380 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 113. [1795.-

or justices such warrant, and return thereof, (and if such justice or justices shall be of any other county, riding, divifion, or place, then, upon oath made of the hand-writing of the justice or justices granting such warrant of di ft refs, and of the truth of such return), to commit such offender or offenders to the common gaol, or other prison within the limits of his or their jurisdiction for any term not exceeding fix calendar months, nor less than three calendar months, unless the (aid penalty or penalties, with the coils, charges, and expences, of all proceedings attending the conviction and warrant of di ft refs, fh all be sooner paid andSatisfied.

VI* And whereas many persons do presume to cany on and exerctle the trade of alehoife-keeper and victualler, and retailer of beer and ale, with out licence, and to make entry of house s, outhoufes, cellars, vaults, or jloreboujes, for laying or keeping /uch beer or ale, by ajfumed or feigned names, and such beer and ale is frequently retailed in houfes, outhoujes, or other places detached from ihsfr place of refidence, whereby the purpojes of the law have been, and f ill continue to be, evaded;

Wbat shall be be it further enabled. That in cafe'any summons shall be issued by any justice or just ices of the peace for any person or persons to appear and answer to any information or complaint for felling by retail any beer, ale, or othpr, excifeable liquors, without licence, the directing such fummon® such person by the name in which, such person {hall havd entered any houfe, outhoufe, cellar, vault, or ftorehoufe, for laying or keeping of beer or ale, or in the names by which such person or persons is or are, or has or have been, usually kno#/n, whether the fame be the real and proper, or the affirmed ot feigned, names of such person or perfons.j and the leaving such summons at the houfe, outboufes, cellar, vault, or other storehouse or place in which such offence is stated in any information to have been committed, and affixing a 6opy thereof on the door, or other conspicuous part on the outside thereof, (fuch service being proved on oath of the person or per-Ions who shall have fo served such fummons, and fo affixed such copy), shall be deemed, and is hereby declared to be, as legal and effectual a notice or fummons, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame was personally given or delivered to or unto the hands of the party or parties to whom the fame shall be direbfed; and as if the fame was directed to the party or parties by his, her, or their proper and real name or names.

Retailers to VII. And be it further enabled, That every alehouse keeper.

deemed leg 1

notice to per fons iummon-ed to answer informations for felling liquors by retail without licence.

make previous victualler, or retailer of beer or ale, who shall take or receive entry ot all places used for

entry ot all into or have in his, her, or their cuftody, poffeffion, or power,

laying beer, &c.

any beer or ale to fell or dispose thereof by retail, (hall, at least three days before he, fhe, or they, shall begin fo to fell or dispose of any such ale or beer, make a true and particular entry in writing at the office of excife, next to the place where such ale or beer shall be intended to be fold and disposed of, of all and every houfe, outhoufe, cellar, vault, room, ftorehoufe, or other place ufed, or to be ufed, for laying or keeping any such beer or ale, or for felling the fame; and which said entry shall fet forth the true name or names of the person or persons fo making such entry, and fhall

alfa

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 113.  381

alfo express whether the person making the fame be an alehoufe-keeper, victualler, or retailer; and such person or perfcns shall be deemed to be the occupier or occupiers, proprietor or proprietors, of all and every houfe, outhou'b, cellar,.vault, room, ftorehoufe, or other place, fo entered, for laying or keeping such ale or beer, or for felling the fame, fo long as fuchentiy shall remain in force, or such ale or beer {hall be or remain in the cuftody, poffeffion, or power, of the person or persons making such entry; and if any person or persons fhall, contrary to the Penalty of 50I, directions of this act, make use of any houfe, outhoufe, .cellar, for not mak-

vault, room, ftorehoufe, or other place, for the laying, keeping

ingentry.

felling of beer or ale., to be fold or disposed of by retail, without having made such entry as aforefaid. he, {he, or they, shall re-fpeCtively forfeit, for every default or neglect, the sum of fifty pounds, to be sued for and recovered, levied, mitigated, and distributed, in such manner as is directed by any law now in force, with regard to penalties and forfeitures on offences against the laws relating to the excife; and all ftorehoufes, cellars, rooms, Places not en-or other places used by any such innkeeper, victualler, or other retailer, for the purpose of laying or keeping any beer or ale, or ceaieci places* worts in cafk, without being .fo entered, {hall be deemed and taken to be private and concealed ftorehoufes, cellars, or places, within the meaning of all, each, and every act and aefs of parliament now in force in relation to private and concealed ftorehoufes, cellars, or places, for the keeping or laying excifeable liquors.

Vlfl. And be it further enabled, That all beer, ale, cyder, Beer, Sec. and perry, and other excifeable liquors, together with all other goods goods and and chattels found in every and any houfe, outhoufe, cellar, vault, ftorehoufe, or other place where any such offence as aforesaid fence^com-" shall have been committed, or in any houfe, outhoufe, cellar, mitted, See. to vault, ftorehoufe, or other place belonging thereto, or occupied be liable to therewith, or which shall have been entered as aforesaid at the diftrefs. excise office, for laying or keeping therein any beer or ale, cyder or perry, by or in the name or names of the person or persons convi&ed, by whom or by what title or conveyance soever the fame may be claimed, shall be liable to such warrant or warrants of diftr.efs to satisfy all penalties, cods, and charges, incurred by any person or persons for any offence or offences committed within or upon the dime premifes, or any part thereof as aforefaid; and it dial] be lawful to levy the penalties, and cods, and charges, and use such proceedings in refpeT of the fame, as it is lawful to do in cafe the offender or offenders had been truly and really the owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors, of the fame.

IX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That every person who shall make any entry at any office of ex- Perfons mak-cife, of any houfe, outhoufe, cellar, vault, ftorehoufe, or other ^ry to be place, for laying or keeping of any beer or ale, or for felling the fame therein, as an alehoufe-kceper, victualler, or retailer, shall be deemed a feller by retail of such liquor to all intents and purpose s; and that it shall and may be lawful for any juifice of the

peace

382 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 113. [1795*

Juftices may peace from time to time to summon before him, or before any cil? officers "to ot^er ju^*ice or juftices, any entry keeper, gauger, or other exproduce cn- c^e °fficer? having the custody of entries made by innkeepers, tries and frock victuallers, and retailers of beer or ale, within his divifion, who books, and fhal], when required, produce before such justice or juftices, all may examine ~nc] every entry or entries made at the office of excise by any t em onoa , person or persons within the division of such officer, and also the flock books or other accounts of survey of such persons refpec-tively ; and such justice or justices (hall and may examine on oath such officer or officers respecting any such entry or entries of any houfes, outhoufes, cellars, vaults, ftorehoufes, or other places, for keeping beer or ale, or respecting any stock of any person or and may fura- persons making such entries ; and if it (hall appear that any per-to0nroeducer8 ^°n mac*e entry or entries at the office of excile of any houfe, licences^ and outhoufe, cellar, vault, ftorehoufe, or other place, for laying or for not pro- keeping any beer or ale therein, or for felling the fame as an adducing them, houfe-keeper, victualler, or retailer, or if it (hall appear that any the^d^affi'fers Per^on ls surveyed as an alehoufe-keeper, victualler, or re-guilty.  tailer, and has not received or is not entitled to receive the abate-

ment of duty allowed to common brewers, then and in such cafe it (hall and may be lawful for such justice or justices to summon before him or them such person or perfons, to produce to such justice or justices his, her, or their, licence or licences to fell beer and ale, and if such person or persons {hall not, at the return of such fummons, appear before such justice or juftices, or appearing {hall not produce to such justice or justices a licence or licences duly obtained and in force, it {hall be lawful for such justice or juftices, (proof being made of due lervice of such summons according to this a£l, in cafe the party or parties {hall not appear), to adjudge the party or parties guilty of felling beer or ale by retail without licence, and the party or parties fo adjudged shall be liable to the penalties herein imposed on persons retailing beer or ale without licence, on^vitneffi-’s^*  ^urther enadled, That if any person shall be fum-

not attending monec^t0 appear as a witnefs, to give evidence before any justice fummonfes,to or justices of the peace touching the matters aforesaid, either on be levied by the part of the profecutor, or of the person or persons accufed, {hall negledV or refuse to appear at the time and place to be not be found" f°r t^at PurP°d appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such the party may his or her neglect or refufal, (to be allowed by such justice or juf-becommitced. tices of the peace), or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath, and give evidence to such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution {hall be depending, then, that every such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of ten pounds, to be levied by warrant of diftrefs; and if no sufficient distress can be found, then the said justice or justices before whom and in whose contempt the offence was committed, {hall and may commit such offender to the common gaol or other prison within his or their jurifdidfion for any term not exceeding the space of fix calendar months, unless the penalty {hall be sooner paid 5 and such penalty flialb be applied to the use of the poor of

1795.] Anno regni trieefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 113,  383

the parifh, townftfip, or place, in which such offence shall have Applicate of been committed, in such manner as the justice or justices fo con- PeIulty-vising shall direct and appoint.

XI.  And be it further enabled, That if any person or persons whatfoever, after service of any summons to appear and answer ^ay beffilf-to any charge of felling ale or beer, or other excifeable liquors, trained without licence, (hall convey away any goods or chattels herein- wherever before made liable to any warrant of diftrefs, from the houfe, out- found, houfe, cellar, vault, florehoufe, or other place wherein such offence shall have been committed, or from anv houfe, outhoufe, cellar, vault, florehoufe, or other place belonging thereto, or occupied therewith, or from any houfe, outhoufe, cellar, vault, or other florehoufe, or place, which shall have been entered at the office of excife, by or in the name or names of the person or persons convicted for keeping or laying of beer or ale, or for felling the fame; it shall and may be lawful for the officer to whom such warrant is directed, or other person or persons lawfully empowered or acting in his aid or affiflance, within thirty days after such conveying away, to seize the fame wherever they may be found, and dispose of them in such manner as if they had been distrained on the premises : provided always, that if any of the Juftices may goods or chattels fo removed shall be carried into any county, nidorfevvar-^ riding, city, liberty, or place, out of the jurisdiction cf the ina- [nggoo'ls^e-* giftrate or magistrates originally issuing such warrant of diftrefs, moved into it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace of any county, rid- their jurifdic-ing, city, liberty, or place, into which such goods or chattels tions* shall be fo removed or conveyed, and he is hereby required on proof on oath of the hand writing of such justice or justices originally signing such warrant, to indorse his name on the back thereof, which shall be sufficient authority to any person or persons bringing such warrant, and to all other persons to whom such warrant was originally directed, to execute such warrant of diftrefs, and to proceed in such manner as if such goods had been found and seized within the jurisdiction of the justice or justices who signed the original warrant.

XU. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall think Appeal^may himself or herself aggrieved by the judgement of any justice or qu-^ter fef- ° justices of the peace by or before whom he or she shall have been Sons within a convicted of the offences aforesaid, any and every such person a certain time, may appeal (and the said justice or justices are required to make *ondhioi^^ known to such person at the time of such conviction his or her CG1 1 1011 * right to appeal) from and against such conviction to the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for such county, riding, city, divifion, liberty, or place, unless such sessions shall be holden within fix days next after such conviction shall be made, and in such cafe to the next subsequent leffions to be holden as aforesaid, and not afterwards, such person at the time of such conviction giving to such justice or justices notice in writing of his or her intention to appeal, and also giving fecurity, to the fatis— faction of such justice or juftices, for the payment of the penalty,

^.ofts, and expences, aforesaid, in cafe such judgement shall be

confirmed

 CjOO^Ic

to determine appeals, and may adjudge colts.

forth by 26 Geo. a. c. 31 to be good.

384 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 113. [1795#

confirmed on such appeal, and also further entering into a recognizance at the time of such notice, with sufficient sureties conditioned to try the appeal, and to abide the judgement, and pay such cods as (hall be awarded by the justices assembled at such Sefiions finally fefftons ; and the justices fo aiTembled shall thereupon proceed to ^ear and determine the matter of every such appeal, and their judgement thereon shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatfoever; and in cafe the justices of the peace fo aiTembled at such sections shall find and adjudge any such appeal to be frivolous or vexatious, it shall and may be lawful to and for them to give and adjudge to the party or parties grieved by such appeal, his, her, or their, reasonable costs and charges oc-cafioned thereby, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five pounds on any one appeal,

XIII.  And, in order to prevent frivolous and vexatious appeals,

^Torm°f t^n  ^art^er  enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a con-

c vidlion in the form or to the effed! expressed and fet forth in an adt, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An aft fen* regulating the manner oflkenfmg alehouses in that part of Great Britain called England, and for the wore easy convicting persons felling ale and other liquors without licence, mutatis mutandis, as the cafe shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes what-foever, without stating the cafe, or the facts or evidence, in any more particular manner.

XIV.  And be it further enadled, That if it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the justice or justices before whom any person shall be convicted of any offence against this ad!, that such person hath not been before convicted of any offence against this ad!, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices to mitigate and leften the penalty hereby impofed, in cafe of luch first offence, but not otherwile, fo as that the penalty fo mitigated and lessened shall not be less than ten pounds.

XV.  Provided always, and be it enadled, That any inhabitant of any parifh, townftlip, or place, in which any offence shall be committed contrary to this ad!, shall be deemed a competent witnefs, notwithstanding his or her being an inhabitant of such parifh, townfhip, or place.

XVI.  Provided always, and it is enadied. That all penalties within this ad! shall be sued for and determined within fix months after the offences {ball be committed.

XVII.  Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That nothing in this ad! contained (hall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit any person or persons from felling of any ale or beer in booths or Other places, at the time and place of holding any lawful and ac-cuftomed fair, in like manner as such person or persons was or were authorifea to do before the palling of this ad!, by virtue of any law or flatule in that behalf.

Juftices may

mitigate

penalties.

Inhabitants may be wit-nefles.

Penalties tobe determined in fix months.

Adt not to prohibit felling ale or beer at fairs.

c A p.

 CjOCK^Ic

i795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. g. 114.  385

CAP. CXIV.

An att for belterfecuring the duties on glafs.—June 26, 1795.]

HEREAS the regulations by lave eJlahUfoedfor fecUring the Preamble. duties impofedfor or in refpefi of the materials or metal made use of in the ?naking of glafs, made in Great Britain, have been found inefficient to answer the good purposes thereby intended; and it is therefore expedient to make further regulations for the better collection of the said duties; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiritnal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament a fie mb led, and by the authority of the fame, 1 hat, from and after Makers of the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, before all and every maker and makers of glafs, before he, {he, or they, to^makeft or {hall begin to make any glafs, or to mix or prepare any materials to mix mate* for the making of glafs, {hall, in pursuance of this a6f, make true rials, to make and particular entry in writing of all workhoufes, furnaces, pots* pot chambers, annealing arches, warehoufes, rooms, and other nacesl,&c/0n places, by him, her, or them, refpeTively intended to be made use penalty of of for the making or keeping of glafs, or for the making or keep- 200I, ing of any pot or pots for the making of glafs, or for the keeping of materials mixed and prepared for the making of glafs, at the office of excife, within the compass or limits whereof such reflective workhoufes, furnaces, pots, pot chambers, annealing arches* warehoufes, rooms, and other places refpeclively, {hall be fituate* on pain of forfeiting the sum of two hundred pounds for every workhoufe, furnace, pot, pot chamber, annealing arch, ware-houfe, room, or other place, which he, fine, or they, {hall make use of for the making or keeping of glafs, or for the making or keeping of any pot or pots for the making of glafs, or for the keeping of any materials mixed or prepared for the making of glafs, without having made such entry thereof as aforefaid.

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every the of- Officers of ex-ficers of excife, at all times, by day or by night, upon his or their cHe may, at requefi, to enter into all and every the workhoufes, furnaces, pot ter into work chambers, annealing arches, warehoufes, rooms, and other places houfes* &e. to wbatfoever, entered or made use of by any maker or makers of gage mate-glafs, for the making, preparing, or keeping, any materials for dials, &c; an<* the making of glafs, or for the making or keeping of glafs, or for markP0LS* the making or keeping of any pot or pots for the making of glafs, and at any such time or times, and from time to time, to infpedt, examine, weigh, gage, or otherwife, - take account of the metal and materials there mixed and prepared for the making of glafs,' as well before such metal and materials shall be put into the pot or pots, as after the fame {hall be put into the pot or pots, and of all glass there made or manufa&ured, or making or manufadlur-Vo 1, XL.  * Cc  ing  5

386

Penalty of 5col. for

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114. [ 1795«

ing ; and also to examine, gage, or otherwise take an account of, the capacity or content of each and every pot there found for the making of glass ; and to mark and number every fucb pot, in such manner as he or they {kail think fit; and if any person or

5coi. tor  persons whatsoever {hall counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure

counterfeiting ______________________________________

marks, and aool. for defacing them.

Four hours previous notice to be given of intention to heat any annealing arch, on penalty of sol.

No pot to be filled with metal till g^ged by the officer, on penalty of 50I.

No fire to be ftirred, Sec. in any furnace or annealing arch, to ob-ftrudt the officer, on penalty of IQOI.

to be counterfeited or altered, any such mark on any pot for the making of glafs, or (hall connive at any such mark being fo counterfeited or altered, the person or persons fo offending (hall for each and every such offence leverally forfeit and lose the sum "of five hurtdred pounds ; and if any person or persons shall wilfully deface or obliterate any such mark, or cause or procure any such mark to be'defaced or obliterated, or {hall connive at any such mark being fo defaced or obliterated, the person or persons fo offending shall for each and every such offence severally forfeit and lose the film of two hundred pounds.

III.  And be it further enadfed bv the authority aforesaid, That all and every maker and makers of glass fhall, by the space of four hours next before the beginning to light, kindle, or prepare, any fire to heat his, her, or their annealing arch, into which any pot or pots for the making of glass shall have been placed or fet, give to the officer or officers of excise under whole survey he, fhe, or they, shall then be, a notice in writing of his, her, or their, intention fo to do, specifying therein the particular pot or pots fo placed or fet in such annealing arch, with the true numbers marked by the officer or officers of excise on such pot or pots, on pain of forfeiting the sum of twenty pounds for every negledkor refusal to give such notice as aforefaid.

IV.  And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That no maker or makers of glass fhall, after any pot for the making of glass shall have been placed or fet in the furnace, begin to fill or charge any such pot with metal, or preparation for the making of glafs, until the proper officer or officers of excise shall have previoufiy examined and gaged such pot after the fame shall have been placed or fet in the furnace as aforesaid ; and if • any maker of glals fhall, after any pot for the making of glass shall have been placed or fet in the furnace, begin to fill or charge any such pot with metal, or preparation for making of glafs, before the proper officer or officers of excise shall have examined and gaged fiich pot, after the fame shall have been fo placed or fet in the furnace as aforesaid, all and every such maker and makers of glass fo offending fhall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

V.  And, that the officers of excise may be enabled, without per-final danger or inconvenience, to afeertain whether, after notice given, and a gage taken by the offcery and without fresh notice in writing, any metal, material, or preparation has been put into any pot ufedfor the making of glajs; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no maker or makers of glafs-fhall, during the space of one quarter of an hour after any officer or officers of excise shall have entered the.glafs house of any such maker or makers of glafs, and /hall have forbidden the fame, stir or break up the fire, or add fresh CQals or fuel thereto, in any furnace or annealing arch

belonging



38 7

1795 ] Anno regni tricesimo qtiinto Georgii III. c 114.

belonging to such glass houfe, or wilfully raise any fmoke, or other noisome or ostensive vapour, whereby, the officer may be hindered or obstructed in gaging or examining any pot or pots placed or fet in any furnace or annealing arch, or in the examining the metal or materials in any such pot or pots in the furnace for the making of glafs, or in gaging or ascertaining the quantity of any such metal or materials, or in examining or counting the veffels, utenfils, or wares, in any annealing arch ; and if any maker ot makers of glass (hall, contrary to the directions herein-before in that behalf contained, stir up or break up the fire, or add freffi coals or fuel thereto, in any furnace or annealing arch as afore-faid, or wilfully raise any such fmoke, or other noisome or offen-five vapour, all and every such maker and makers of glass fhall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

VI.  And zvhereas doubts have arisen whether the officers of excife

are authorised by law to unfop any pot containing metal or preparation for the making of glafs; now, to obviate all such doubts, be it declared and enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all and Officers may every the officer and officers of excise shall and may at all times  to

unftop or take down any stopper from any pot or pots contain- nak.ma

ing any metal or preparation for the making of glafs, for the purpose of infp^&ing, examining, gaging, or taking account of the materials, metal, or other preparations, in such pot or pots for the making of glafs.

VII.  And zvhereas it is expedient to ascertain and charge the duty for and in respect of the materials or metal, or other preparations made

ufe of in Great Britain in the making of common glass bottles, and other vessels or utenfls of common bottle metal, upon such makers of glass as (ball be desirous thereof by and according to the zveight of the bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, in lieu of ascertaining the zvcight of such materials or metal, or other preparations, by or according to the gage thereof taken in the pots : be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in cafe any maker or makers of common glass bottles, or other vessels or ing common* utenfils, shall be desirous of making common bottles, or other glass bottles, vessels or utensils of common bottle metal only, in any distinct &c. in distinct and separate glass house and building, and to be charged with  a

and pay the duty for or in respect of the materials or metal, or thereof and of other preparations made use of in the making of such common their desire to bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, and pay the duty shall deliver in to the surveyor or supervisor of excise of the di- according to vision or diffrid within which his, her, or their glass house lhall hotUes,° be fituate, a declaration in writing of his, her, or their being de- the officer not firous to be charged with and pay the said duty, according to the to chargeiton weight of the bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common boG the materials tie metal, and specifying the particular glass house and building ** in which such maker or makers (hall be desirous of making the fame, then and in such cafe it lliall not be lawful to or for any officer' or officers of excise to make any charge of duty from any gage or gages taken by such officer or officers in any pot or pots

c c 2  of

of the materials or metal, or other preparations made ufe'of by such maker or makers in fu'ch glass house or building for the making of common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, any. thing in any a£I or adls of parliament contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding : provided always neverthelefs, that every such declaration, fo delivered as aforesaid, (hall be and remain in full force for fix months at the leaf!, to be computed and reckoned from the time of the delivery thereof, and from thenceforth until the fame shall be revoked or withdrawn, by a note or memorandum in waiting, delivered by such maker or makers of glafs, to the surveyor or supervisor of excise of the division or diilridt within which his, her, or their glass house shall be lituate.

VIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That vering such all and every maker and makers of common glass bottles, or of other t^make^heir ve^s or uten^i§ of common bottle metal, having delivered such annealing declaration as aforesaid, fhall, and he, fhe, and they, is and are arches of a hereby required to eredl, build, make, and conftrudt, every an-certain form, nealing arch or oven by him, her, or them, intended to be made them°onme £r u^e  §^s ^ou^e or building as aforesaid, for the anneal-

nalty of 1001. big of common glass bottles, or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, in a redlangular form, with the fides and ends thereof perpendicular and parallel to each other refpedtively, and the bottom thereof level, and with only one mouth or entrance into the fame, and shall number the fame progressively with a durable mark; and if any such maker or makers shall eredt, build, make, or conftrudf, any annealing arch or oven contrary to the directions of this adt, or shall neglect or refuse to number and mark the fame according to the directions of this adl, or shall . make use of any annealing arch or oven not constructed in the manner before directed, all and every such maker or makers fo offending shall for every such offence forfeit and lose the film of one hundred pounds.

Makers deli- IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That declaration to anc^ ever7 ma^er an^ makers of common glass bottles, or of fix^ro^grat*0 other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, having delivered ings to the such declaration as aforesaid, fhall, at his, her, and their own mouth of  expence, find, provide, and affix, a good and sufficient iron grating

annealing  to t^e m0uth or entrance of every annealing arch and oven by

ciics Qg  j  q  /

approved of him, her, or them, intended to be made use of for the annealing

by the officer, of common glass bottles, or of other vefiels or utensils of common bottle metal, such iron grating to be approved of in writing by and under the hand of the respective surveyors or supervisors of excise of the division or district within which such annealing arch or oven shall be fituate, and proper locks and keys, and all other necelTary fastenings for securing and sealing every such annealing arch and oven, and the mouth or entrance, and iron grating thereof, shall be provided by the respective surveyors and supervisors of excise of such division or diftridl, at the expence of such Annealing^e maker or makers; and each and every such annealing arch or lacked by the oveib an(i £be mouth or eatrajice, and iron grating thereof, fhall

be

Declarations to remain in force for lix months at feaft.

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 114.  389

be securely locked, fattened, and fealed, by the officer or officers ^cC^a^ce^)t of excise under vyhofe survey such maker or makers refpedfively tjmes# shall from time to time, be at all times, except when such maker or makers shall be actually at work in putting, placing, or depofit-ing, therein common glass bottles, -or other vefTels or utensils of common bottle metal, for the purpose of annealing the fame therein, or when such annealing arch or oven shall be opened by the proper officer or officers of excise in that behalf, in pursuance of such previous notice as is herein-aftcr directed and prescribed for opening the fame, for the purpose of lighting fire in or heating the fame for annealing common glass bottles, or other vefTels or utensils of common bottle metal, or for the purpose of drawing or talcing any such common glass bottles, or such other vefTels or utensils as aforesaid, from or out of such annealing arch or oven, or for the purpose of necessarily repairing the fame; and if any such maker or makers shall neglect or refufe, at his, her, neglecting to and their own expence, to find or provide such good and sufficient furnish or ft* iron grating, or to affix the fame in the manner herein directed, iron gratings, before such annealing arch or oven shall be made use of as afore-  hT

faid, or to pay for any lock, key, or other necefTary fattening which ^ifdngCfaften-fhall be provided by any furvevor or fupervifior of excife, accord- ings, &c. ing to the directions of this act, or if any perlon or persons shall obttruct or hinder any officer or officers of excife, or any person or persons by him or them employed in that behalf, in the fixing or placing any such fattening, in such manner as the said officer or officers shall direct or think expedient to anfw'er the purposes by this at in that behalf intended, or in the locking, fealing, or fecuring, any such annealing arch or oven, or the mouth or entrance, or iron grating thereof, or any such fattening as aforesaid, or by any means, art, device, or contrivance whatfoever, shall open any such lock or annealing arch or oven, or the mouth, entrance, or iron grating thereof, after the fame shall have been locked, fealed, fattened, or secured as aforesaid, before the fame shall have been unlocked and opened by the officer of excife, or shall wilfully break or damage any such lock, feal or fattening, every such maker or makers, or other person or persons fo offending, shall for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds: provided always neverthelefs, that no ^chTo re^1^ such annealing arch or oven shall be, remain, or continue, un- 4main open locked or open, for any purpose or on any pretence whatever more than 24 (except for the necessary repairing thereof when empty) for any hours except greater or longer space of time than twenty-four hours, to be ^0i iePa^rs* computed and reckoned from the time when the fame shall have been opened by the proper officer of excise ; and that'it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excife, under whose survey such maker or makers shall then be, at the end and expiration of such twenty-four hours? securely to lock, fatten, and feal, such annealing arch or oven, and the mouth, entrance, and iron grating thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notv/ithftanding.

X.  And be u further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^^monglaf* c c 3  where  bottles to altei

39°

locks, &c. when required fuance of

Anno regm tricesimo quintO Georgti III. c. 114. [1795.

where any locks, keys or faflenings, (hall be provided in pur-11 and every maker and makers of common

cife, on penalty oficol

b the furve  this

ors or fuper- g^al's botdes, and other vefTels or utensils of common bottle metal, vifors of ex- to whom such locks, keys, and faflenings, respectively (hall then belong, (hall at his, her, or their own expence from time to time, and at all times, when required fo to do by the refpedfive surveyors or supervisors of excise of the diviiicn or diftridf in which his, her* or their, glass house shall be fituate, immediately fet about the altering, repairing, and amending, and shall alfo, within a reafon-abie time then next following, alter, repair, and amend, the fame reflectively, according to such requifition; and if any such maker or makers of common glass bottles, or of other vefTels or utensils of common bottle metal, to whom any such locks, keys, and faflenings, or any or either of them, shall belong, shall neglect or refuse immediately to fet about the altering, repairing, or amending the fame, or to repair, amend, or alter the fame, when thereunto required according to the directions of this aCt, he, fhe, or they fhall, for each and every such negleCt or refufal, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any maker or makers of common glass bottles, or of other

Makers delivering decla-

i2tlhours°ifo-e vefTels or utensils of common bottle metal, having delivered such

tice of inten tion to heat annealing arches.

tend to unlock them.

If fires be not lighted within an hour, the

declaration as aforesaid, shall be desirous to light, kindle, or prepare, any fire to heat his, her, or their annealing arch or oven, into which any common glass bottles, or other vefTels or utensils of common bottle metal, are intended to be put or depofited, for the purpose of annealing the fame, such maker or makers shall give to the officer of excife, under whole survey he, fhe, or they. Officers to at- shall then be, twelve hours notice in writing of his, her, or their intention, and upon such notice being given such officer shall attend at the time mentioned in such notice, and shall unlock and open such annealing arch or oven, and the mouth or entrance, and iron grating thereof; and if any such maker or makers shall neglect or refuse to light, kindle, or prepare, such fire, within officerstolock one hour after such annealing arch or oven, and the mouth or up the arch, entrance, and iron grating thereof, shall be opened by such officer,

, then such notice shall be void, and such officer shall again, immediately after the expiration of such one hour, lock up, fallen and feal, such annealing arch and oven, and the mouth or entrance, and the iron grating thereof, in manner aforefaid; and such maker and makers shall give the like and a fresh notice in writing to such officer, before such annealipg arch or oven, or the mouth or entrance, or iron grating thereof, shall be again opened.

XJL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every maker and makers of common glass bottles, or of other vefTels or utensils of common bottle metal, having delivered such declaration as aforesaid, fhall, when and fo soon as the fame shall be severally and respectively blown or made, remove all and singular the common bottles, and other vefTels and utensils of common bottle metal, by him, her, or them fo blown pr made, directly into such annealing arch or arches, or oven or

ovens*

and fresh notice to be given.

Bottles, when blown, to be removed into the annealing arch, and placed as the officers shall approve; and bottles of different m ak-

in osted by 

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgti III. c« 114.  391

ovens, and shall there place and deposit the Tame in such manner ings not to be and form as the officer or officers of excife, under whose survey thereto such maker or makers (hall then be, (hall approve, and fo that the or a"ny other* fame may the most easily and fecureJy be viewed, infpedfed, and fort of glafs, examined, and the numbers and kinds thereof respectively afcer- on penalty of tained in each and every such annealing arch or oven; and no 50 * such maker or makers shall at one and the fame time put, place, have, or keep, in any such annealing arch or oven any common bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, of different makings, or fillings or chargings of the pots, nor shall any such maker or makers put, place, or keep, any other fort or species of glass or glass wares whatever, or any phials, in any such annealing arch or oven entered or made use of for the annealing of common bottles, or other vessels or utensils or common bottle metal; and if any such maker or makers shall neglect or refuse to remove, when and fo soon as the fame shall be blown or made, any such common bottles, or other vessels or utensils refpedfively of common bottle metal, by him, her, or them made, diredfly into such annealing arch or arches, or oven or ovens, or to place or deposit any such common bottles, or other vessels or utenfils, in manner and form as aforesaid, or if any such maker or makers shall at one and the fame time, put, place, or keep in any such annealing arch or oven, any common bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, of different makings, or fillings or chargings of the pots, or put, place, have, or keep, any other fort or species of glass or glass wares whatever, or any phials, in any annealing arch or oven entered or made use of for the annealing of common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, every such maker or makers fo offending shall for each and every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

XIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, The whole of TThat all and every maker and makers of common glass bottles,  be"ma**

prof other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, having de- nufa&ured livered such declaration as aforesaid, and having begun to work into common any common bottle metal from or out of any pot or pots, fhall, glass bottles without any unnecessary delay or interruption, continue to work such common bottle metal out of all and every the pots then hours after charged in such glass house or building, and shall proceed therein beginning to until the whole of the metal by him, her, or them intended to be work it from manufactured shall be worked out of all such pots, and shall finish 3^ when the such working out thereof within lixteen hours next after such maker bottles are put or makers shall fo have begun to work out the fame; and when in the anneal-.and fo soon as such metal shall have been fo worked out as afore- arch> the faid, and the common glass bottles or other vessels or utensils of  again

common bottle metal, made or manufactured therefrom, put or inthe presence deposited in the annealing arch or arches, or oven or ovens, such of the officer, maker or makers fhall, in the presence of the officer of excise un- an<? a decU* der whose survey such maker or makers shall then be, again lumber of^ charge each and every such pot and pots with fresh materials or bottles deli-preparations, (other than cullet or broken glafs) not less in vered him, on

c c 4.  quantity  penalty of 100!.

o9z Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114. [1795.

quantity than fifty pounds weight, and (hall also deliver to such officer a declaration in writing, specifying the true number ofbottles, and whether the lame are reputed quart or pint bottles, or bottles of any other and what reputed meafure, and the true numbers and kinds of any other vessels or utcnfils of common bottle metal put or deposited and contained in each and every such annealing arch refpecxively; and if any such maker or makers {hall neglect or refuse to work the metal from or out of such pot or pots within iuoh sixteen hours as aforesaid, or (hall neglect or refuse to deliver such declaration in writing as haft aforesaid, every such maker or makers fo offending (hail, for each and every such offence, for-Penalty not feit and lose the fu m of one hundred pounds : provided always mimb^ de^6 nevert^elefs5 that n0 such ranker or makers (hall incur or be lia-clared does ble to the said penalty of one hundred pounds for or by reason of not differ from his, her, or their not delivering a true declaration as last afore-the.6iual  in any cafe where the number of bottles, veffels, or utenfils

fhan^hve^n1*6 re»Pe£tively> °f any particular kind, fpecined in any declaration the 100*  f° delivered, (hall not differ from the number of bottles, veffels,

or utensils refpeefively, fo put, depofited, or contained, in any such annealing arch, in any greater proportion than in the proportion of five in the hundred ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XIV. Provided alio, and be it enaefteu by the authority afore-faid, That all and every maker and makers of common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, who to'be1 deemed* (hall have begun to work any common bottle metal from or out of beginning to any pot in his, her, or their glass house or building, (hall be deemed.

and taken to have begun to work out the common bottle 'metal from and out of every pot which shall at that time be charged with any materials or metal, or other preparations made use of in the making of common bottles, or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal within the fame glass house or building.

XV7. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all and every maker and makers of common glass bottles, or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, having delivered such declaration as first aforesaid, (hall, and he, (he, and they, is and are hereby required to keep sufficient and just feales and weights at the place or places where he, (he, or they shall make or manufacture glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, and (hall at his, her, and their own expence, find, provide, and affix, a fit and proper hook or staple in a proper place, to be approved of in writing by and under the hands of the refpeCIive surveyors or supervisors of excise of the division or dif-tri£l in which his, her, or their glass house (hall be fituate, and also permit and suffer any officer or officers of excise to use the fame for the purpose of weighing and taking an account of the bottles, and other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, which (hall at anytime be in the possession of such maker or makers of glass ; and if any such maker or makers (hall neglect to keep such feales and weights, or either of them, or shall not, at

5  ''  '  his,

Beginning to work rnetal out of any pot,

work the whole then charged.

Scales and weights to be kept for the use of the officers, on penalty of 50I.

393

1795-1 Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii IIT. c. 114-

his, her, or their own expence, find, provide, and affix, a fit and proper hook cr staple in a proper and convenient place, to be approved of in writing by and under the hands of the respective surveyors or supervisors of excise of the division or district in which his, her, or their glass house shall be fituate, or shall not permit or fuller any officer or officers of excise to use the fame, he, {he, or they fhall, for each and every fucli offence, forfeit the sum of fiftypounds ; and if any such maker or makers of glass Penalty of fhall, in the weighing of any such common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, make use of, or caufe,  ®  9

or procure, or suffer to be made use of, any falfe, unjuPr, or in-fufficient scales or weights, or {hall pradfife any art, device, or contrivance, by which any such officer or officers may be hindered or prevented from taking the just and true weight of any such glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, then and iii every such cafe such maker or makers {hall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum ot one hundred pounds with all such falfe, unjuft, or insufficient scales and weights refpedlively, and the fame final 1 and may be seized by any officer or officers of excife.

XVI.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, iz hours pre-That all and every maker and makers of common glass bottles, v,ous notice or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, having [^nrfonCto° delivered such declaration as first aforesaid, and being desirous to take bottles draw or take any glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of com- out of the an-mon bottle metal, from or out of any annealing arch or arches or sealing arch; oven or ovens to him, her, or them belonging, fhall, by the space of twelve hours next before the beginning to draw or take any such glass bottles, or other vessels or utenfils, from or out of any such annealing arch or arches, or oven or ovens, give to the officer of excise under whose survey he, {he, or they {hall then be, a notice in writing of his, her, or their intention, Specifying each particular arch or oven, and the number thereof, from and out of which it is intended to take such common bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, and the particular time and hour at which it is fo intended to begin to draw or take the fame from or out of such annealing arch or arches, or oven or ovens, and upon such notice being given, such officer shall attend at the officer to at-time mentioned in such notice, and shall unlock and open such anc^thc annealing arch and arches, and oven and ovens, for the purpose ^ken out C aforesaid, and such officer shall attend to fee such glass bottles, or within 4 other .veflels or utenfils, refpecflively drawn or taken from and out hours. of such annealing arch and arches, and oven and ovens, and such maker or makers {hall immediately on such officer’s attendance begin to draw and take, and shall proceed and continue, without any unnecessary delay or interruption, to draw and take, from and out of such annealing arch and arches, or oven or ovens, the whole of the bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common - bottle metal, and shall draw and take the whole of such bottles, and other vessels and utensils refpediively, from and out of fuch

annealing

taken out, to be weighed in the presence of the officer.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114. [1795.

annealing arch and arches and oven and ovens within the (pace of four hours, to be computed and reckoned from the time of such beginning to draw or take such bottles, or other vessels or utenfils, from and out of any such annealing arch or oven as Bottles, when aforefaid; and such maker or makers fhall, immediately on such bottles, and other vessels and utensils refpe&ively, being fo drawn or taken from or out of such or oven, proceed to weigh the whole thereof and weights as aforesaid, in the presence and such weight shall be deemed and taken to the materials or metal, or other preparations bottles, or other vefTels or utensils refpedlively, made; and such maker or makers shall be charged with and pay the duty for or in respect of such materials or metal, or other preparations, according to such weight: and if any such maker or makers of common glass bottles, or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, having given such notice, and begun to draw or take any such common glass bottles, or other vessels or utenfils, from or out of his, her, or their annealing arch or

annealing arch, with such scales of such officer, be the weight of from which such shall have been

Penalty of iool. for delaying to draw, or not clearing out the whole in 4 hours.

arches, or oven or ovens, shall not proceed and continue, without any unneceiTary delay or interruption, to draw and take the whole of such common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils refpetSfively of common bottle metal, from and out of such annealing arch and arches, and oven and ovens, or shall not draw and take the whole of such bottles, or other vessels or utensils refpediively, from and out of Tech annealing arch and arches, and oven and ovens within the space of four hours, to be computed and reckoned as aforesaid, then and in every such cafe such maker or makers fo offending fhall, for each and every such If makers ne- offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds; and if gleet to begin any such maker or makers of common glass bottles, or of other tlesoutgofan veffeIs or utensils of common bottle metal, having given any such nealinv arches notice as lafi: aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to begin to draw or immediately take such common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils re-on their being fpe£tively, from or out of his, her, or their annealing arch or

opened, freih notice to be given.

No notice to be given for drawing out bottles, but between certain hours.

arches, or oven or ovens, immediately after such annealing arch or arches, or oven or ovens, and the mouths or entrances, and iron gratings thereof, shall be opened by such officer, then such notice shall be void, and such officer shall again immediately lock up, fallen, and feal, each and every such annealing arch, or oven, and the mouth or entrance, and iron grating thereof, in manner aforesaid, and such maker and makers shall give the like and a fresh notice in vVriting to such officer before any such annealing arch, or oven, or the mouth or entrance, or iron grating thereof, shall be again opened; provided always neverthelefs, that no such maker or makers of common glafs, or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, shall be at liberty to give any such notice to draw or take any such common bottles, or other, vessels or utensils refpedfively, from or out of any of his, her, or their annealing arches or ovens, except in the day time, and that

between

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114.  395

between the hours of eight in-the morning and fix in the afternoon ; and that every notice given for the drawing or taking any such common bottles, or other vessels or utensils refpedtively, from or out of any annealing arch or oven at any hour or time, other than in the day time, and that between the hours of eight in the#morning and fix in the afternoon, (hall, and the fame is hereby declared to be, null and'void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XVII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the authority-aforefaid, That in the weighing as aforesaid of any such com- In weighing mon glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle common glass metal, the turn of the fcalefhall be given in favour of the crown ; ^ toWab" and in lieu thereof there (hall be allowed to such maker or makers lowed for turn of such common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of com- of the fcale. mon bottle metal, one pound weight upon each and every one

hundred pounds of such common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal.

XVIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every maker and makers of common glass bottles, or Makers to af-of other vessels or utensils ofcommon bottle metal, having delivered Aft officers in

weighing, &c* on penalty of

, The allowance by 17

fuch declaration as firfl: aforesaid, (hall, when and fo often as he, (he, or they, (hall be thereunto required by the officer or 50i, officers of such excise under whose survey he, (he, or they, (hall then be, with a sufficient number of his, her, or their fervants, aid and aflift, to the utmofl: of his, her, or their power, such, officer or officers in weighing and taking an account of all

00  o

common glass bottles, and other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, of such maker or makers, on pain of forfeiting for every negleCt or refusal the sum of fifty pounds,

XIX,  And whereas, by an aft ?nade in the seventeenth year of the

reign of his present Majejiy, amongjl other things, for the better collecting the duties upon glajs, it was cnafted, that in pots ufedfor the making of common bottles, and of other vejfels or utensils therein-before mentioned^ to be made of common bottle metal, an allovoance Jhould be , made to the makers thereof of one fifth part of the metal or other Geo. 3. c. 39, materials contained therein: and whereas it is expedient to repeal of 1-5U1 part the faicl recited allowance : be it therefore enacted by the authority of the metal in aforesaid, That the said recited allowance (hall be, and the fame Sco^nmon” is hereby repealed, and ho such allowance (hall hereafter be bottles, remade.  pealed,

XX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Bottles not to no maker or makers of common glass bottles, or of other vessels be conveyed or utensils of common bottle metal, having delivered such decla- b^^rchTill* ration as firfl: aforesaid, (hall convey away any common glass weighed, and bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, from tobeproduced any annealing arch or oven before the proper officer of excise f°r that pur-fhall have weighed the fame, or (hall negleCt or refuse to produce

any such common glass bottles, vefTels, or utenfils, to such officer, y that he may weigh the fame, according to the directions of this

adt;

396 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c, 114. [1795.

a£t; and if any such maker or makers dial) convey away any common glass bottles, or other vessels or utenfils, of common bottle metal, from any annealing arch or oven before the proper officer of excise {ball have weighed the fame, or (hall neglect or refuse to produce any such common glass bottles, veffels, or utenlils, to such officer that he may weigh the fame, according to the directions of this a<ft, every such maker or makers of glafs, (hall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXL And be it further enaSed by the authority aforesaid, Bonks weigh. That all and every maker and makers of common glass bottles, ed and not ^ Qr otjyer vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, having

weighed to kept feparate. on penalty of ,5°1.

Penalty of

concealing them.

delivered such declaration as fir ft aforesaid, (hall from time to time, and at all times,, keep all common glass bottles, and all other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, in his,her, or their, custody or poffeffion, (and which shall not have been weighed by the officer of excife, according to the diredlions of this a£t), fepa-rate and apart from all common glass bottles, and other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, which shall have been weighed, and from all other glass wares whatfoever, upon pain of forfeiting for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds.

XXII.  And be it further enaefted by the authority aforesaid, That if any maker or makers of common glass bottles, or other

jool. forufing veffels

or utensils of common bottle metal, having delivered 'fuch nealing arch- declaration as first aforesaid, (hall, for the annealing of any comes, or remov- mon glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle

ing bottles not metal, make use of any private or concealed annealing arch, oven, weighed, or utenfil>

or place whatever, other than his, her, or their, known annealing arch or arches entered for that purpose, or if any such maker or makers shall fraudulently remove or convey away any common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, before the fame shall have been weighed by the proper officer or officers of excife, or shall fraudulently hide or conceal any common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, each and every such maker and makers fo offending fhall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds.

XXIII.  And be it further enacted bythe authority aforesaid, That no maker or makers of common glass bottles, or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle, metal, having delivered such declaration as first aforesaid, shall make or manufacture, within the fame glass house or building, by him, her, or them, entered dr used for the making or manufacturing ofcommon glass bottles, or in any glass h©ufe or building adjoining thereto, any phials, or any other fort or species of glass or glass wares whatever, except common bottles, and other vessels and utensils of common bottle metal, which vessels and utensils shall be such only as were, immediately before the passing of this a£I, usually made of common bottle metal; and if any such maker or makers of common glafs

No phials>&c* to be made in any building entered for jnaking common glass bottles, or in any adjoining building, on penaltyofzool.

bottles, or of other vessels or

utenfils of common bottle metal

(hall

1795-1 Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114.  397

(hall make or manufa&ure, within the fame glass house or building, by him, her, or them entered or used for the making or , manufacturing of common glass bottles, or in any glass house or building adjoining thereto, any phials, or any other fort or species of glass or glass wares, except common bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal as aforesaid, every such maker or makers refpeClively (hall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXIV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any officer or officers of excise (hall have cause to fufpeCt On oath of that any-common glass bottles or other vessels or utensils of com -mon bottle metal, which have been fraudulently removed or con- ^ny^ottles veyed away before the fame shall have been weighed by the proper have been reofficer or officers of excife, according to the directions of this moved before aCt, (hall be depofited, lodged, hid, or concealed, in any place or places whatfoever, then and in such cafe if such place or places bywar-fhall be within the cities of London or Wejhninjier, or within the rant search limits of the chief office of excise in London, upon oath made by suspected pla-fuch officer or officers before the commifTioners of excise in Eng- IxTttl land for the time being, or any two or more of them ; or in cafe ^ 0 es* such place (hall be in any other part of Great Britain, upon oath made by such officer or officers before one or more justice or juf- ' tices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, or place, where such officer or officers shall suspect the fame to be depofited, lodged, hid, or concealed, (which respective oaths they the said commiffi-oners of excife, or any two dr more of them, and justice or justices of the peace respectively, are hereby authorised and empowered to adminifter), setting forth the ground of his or their fufpicion, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of excife, or any two or more of them, or the justice or justices of the peace refpedtively, (as the cafe may require), before whom such oath (hall be made, if they or he (hall judge it reafonable, by special warrant or warrants, under his and their respective hands and teals, to authorise and empower such officer or officers by day or by night, but if in the night time in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every such place or places where he or they (hall fo fufpedf such common glass bottles or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal to be depofited, lodged, hid, or concealed, and to feizeand carry away all such common glass bottle?, or other vefiels or utensils of common bottle metal, which he or they (hall then and there find fo depofited, 'lodged, hid, or concealed, as forfeited ; and if any and persons person or persons whatsoever (hall iet, obftrucf, or.hinder, any obftnnfting luch officer or officers fo authorised or empowered, or any other f^^ool person or persons acting in his or their aid or affiftance, in the execution of such warrant, from entering any such place or places where such officer or officers shall fo suspect such common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, to be fo depofited, lodged, hid, or concealed, or in seizing or carrying away the fame, or in the due execution of any such warrant, the . person or persons fo offending, (hall for each and every such offence feverallv forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXV.  And

Anno regni tricesimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 114. [1795!.

XXV.  ' And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons {hall obstruct or hinder any officer or officers of excise in the execution of any of the powers Or authorities to him or them given or granted by this or any other act or a£ts of parliament relating to glafs, the person or persons fo offending therein fhall, for each and every such offence, (other than those for which any penalty is he rein-before specially imposed or provided), severally forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXVI.  Provided always neverthelefs, That nothing in this a£l contained, relative to ascertaining and charging the duty on the materials or metal, or other preparations used in the making common bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle

put into pots, metaL bv and according- to the weight of such common bottles,

rM-faLGocr  P.  °  .  „  ..  .

39s

Penalty of aool. on persons ohftru<5t-ing officers in nny part of their duty.

A6t not to prevent officers from gaging metal before it is

or taking famples.

Recovery and application of penalties.

or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, {hall extend, or be construed to extend, to make it unlawful to or for any officer or officers of excise from time to time, and at all times, to infpedf, examine, gage, or otherwise take account of the metal and materials mixed and prepared for the making of glass in any suchglafs houfeor building as aforesaid, as well before such metal or materials {hall be put into any pot or pots, as after the fame {hall be put into any pot or pots, or to take a sample or famples, not exceeding four ounces in the whole, out of each such pot, or any other vessel or utensil containing such preparation for making glafs.

XXVII.  And be it further enacted by the authority-aforefaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act impofed, {hall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or* forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by a£tion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVejhninfler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall difcover, inform, or sue for the fame.

XXVIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Powers of ads That the powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, regu-^udeson^lafs6 lat*ons> penalties, forfeitures, provifions, claufes, matters, and except hereby things, which, in and by any a<51 or ads of parliament relating

'■  * • to the duties on the materials, or metal or other preparations

made use of in Great Britain in the making of glafs, in force immediately before the palling of this ad, are contained, provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, for managining, affeffing, raifing, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, aCcertaining, enforcing, or fecuring, the laid duties, and for preventing, deteCI-ing, and punifhing, frauds relating thereto, (except where the lame are expressly altered by this a&), shall be and remain in full force, to all intents and purposes, and the fame powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provifions, claufes, matters, and things, (except as before excepted )5 (hallcontinue to be duly obfei ved,pracfifed, applied, ufed

and

altered, to remain in force.



399

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. .115.

&nd put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, as fully and effe&ually, to all intents and purposes,

(except as before excepted), as if the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provifions, claufes, matters, and things, had been expressly inserted and re-enaCted in this present act.

. XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That this a£t shall commence and take effeCt, as to all such mat- Commence-ters and things therein contained, in refpeCl whereof no special commencement is hereby directed or provided from and immedi- Qf a(c^ ately after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and dial] remain and continue in force, as to all such matters and things therein contained, in respect whereof it is not hereby otherwise directed, for the space of two years to be computed from that day.

CAP. CXV.

An aft for allowing, for a limited time, the importation of goods from India and China, and other parts within the limits of the exclusive trade of the East India company, in ships not of Bfitifti-built) nor regifered as such \ and for the exportation of goods from Great Britain by the fame flips, under certain rejiriftons.

[June 26, 1795.]

WH E R E A S the court of directions of the united company Preamble-of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, with the approbation of the board of commijfoners for the affairs of India, have sent inflruClions to their presidencies in the East Indies to take up such proper ships as they can procure for fending home inveflmerits of goods from India and China, and other parts within the limits of the said company’s trade, in the place of ships usually sent from this country to India and China for that purpose, zvhich la ft mentioned ships now are or may be engaged in the publick service : and whereas the ships fo to be taken up may not be Britifh-£/h//, or have been regifered as such, and may not be navigated as required by the laws now in force : be it enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembied, and by the authority of the fame, That, if, during the continu- During the ance of the present war, and for eighteen months after the con- Pre^nt war* elusion thereof, any such ship shall arrive in the ports of this ^^3 a?ter kingdom, freighted with goods in the manner, and from any of its conclufion* the places within the limits before-mentioned, it shall and may ships arriving be lawful, upon representation made by or on behalf of the said tro:n the company to his Majesty in council, for his Majesty, by and with £j?c^ the advice of his privy council, to autborife the importation and company, entry of such goods, subject to the like duties and no other, as if may be per-they were imported in Briti/h-built fhips, though such goods routed to en-fhall be brought in ships which may not be Britijh-built, nor have eood^thouch been registered as Britijh-built fhips, nor navigated as required not Sriiifli-by the laws now in force j provided the laid Clips shall have been built, if built

built within the-

400 Anno regni trice fimo quinto Georgii III, c. n6. [i 795.

territories built within the territories belonging to the said united- Eajl Ile*0,n^n^ t0 India company, or in the ports under the immediate protection &c.Cand'to«c- °* t^ie Brit iff flag in the East Indies• and also to permit such port goods to (hips to export from this kingdom to the BritiJJ) settlements in the Ealt In- the Eajl Indies, or to any of the places within the limits before ^%ies‘  mentioned, with the licence and consent of the said company,

any goods, wares, or merchandizes whatfoever, ordnance and military stores excepted ; any lav/, ufage, or cuftom, to the con-trary thereof notwithftand.ing. liable to^for-^ IP And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid, That feiture, nor such (hips (hall not be liable to forfeiture, nor (hall any persons the persons whatever be liable to any penalty or forfeiture on account of any able°to^ng ^ importation of goods, wares, or merchandize, in pursuance of nalty.° Pe~ this adt, or of any order or orders of his Majesty in council which may be issued in virtue thereof.

CAP. CXVI.

An aft to remove doubts arifng from the conjlruftion of certain afts of this fejfion of parliament respecting the duties of excij'e thereby granted on waff, coffee, cocoa nuts, foreign fpirits, wines, and Jweets.—[June 26, 1795-]

Preamble. TTTHEREAS by an aft, made in this prcfent[effort of parlia-35 Geo. 3. V V merit, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty addin-c. 11. recited, onal duties of excise on worts, wa(h, and other liquors, made in England\ for extracting spirits for home consumption ; and for preventing distillers from making use ,of wheat or wheat flour in making wa(h for extradfing spirits ; it was enafted, that there Jhould be rafed, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majejly, his heirs and fucceffors, for and in respect of the several matters and things therein-after mentioned, over and above all duties already im-pofedfor or in respect thereof by any aft or afts of parliament, the further duties of excise therein-afer mentioned: and whereas doubts may arise respecting the true conjlruftion of the laid aft: now, to obviate and remove all such doubts, and to,declare the true intent and meaning of the said adt, it is hereby declared and enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this .  present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame,

duties iof- That, under and by virtue of the said adl, the further duty of one posed by re- penny, fir ft mentioned in the said adt, is and was intended to be, cited adt, to and the fame (hall be deemed and taken to be and to-have been

extend as well jmp0fed as we]J for anci jn respect of every gallon of fermented

to Wcif 1 made *■  7  a  o

and notac- wort or warn which was brewed or made in that part of Great

tually distilled Britain called England, for extradting spirits for home confump-into Ipirits on tion, from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the or before Feb. fame, , and was not actually distilled into spirits on or before the -wafh7madeS ° twenty-third day of February one thousand ieven hundred and since that day. ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like fermented wort or wash which, since the said twenty-third day of

February

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 116.

February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the pafling of this ad fhalL be, brewed or made for the purpose aforefaid; and that the further duty of one penny, fe-condly mentioned in the said ad, is and was intended to be, and the fame {hall be deemed and taken to be and to have been impofed, as well for and in respect of every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other wash or liquor, which was brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from any fort or kind of Britijh materials, (except such as are before mentioned), or from any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home confump-tion, and was not actually distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like cyder or perry, or other wash or liquor, which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the pafling of this ad {hall be, brewed or made for the purpose aforesaid ; and that the duty of one penny halfpenny, mentioned in the said ad, is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been impofed, as well for and in respect of every gallon of fermented wort or wafh, which was brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from melafles or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extrading spirits for home confump-tion, and was not actually distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like fermented wort or wa{h which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the palling of this ad shall be, brewed or made for the purpose aforefaid; and that the further duty of two-pence, mentioned in the said ad, is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been impofed, as well for and in respect of every gallon of waih which was brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England\ from foreign refused wine or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, (except melafles and fugar), or any mixture therewith, for extrading spirits for home confumption, and was not actually distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like wafti which, firtce the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the pafling of this ad shall be, brewed or made for the purpose aforesaid ; and also that the further duty of two shillings and eight-pence three farthings, and fo in proportion, mentioned in the said ad, is and was intended to be, and the fame {hall be deemed and taken to be and to have been impofed, as Well for and in respect of every ninety-fix gallons of wafti, which fir William Bijhop, Jrgles Bifoop^ and George BiJJ)op, or the survivors or survivor of them, did produce from a weight of malt or other corn, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds, and which Vox,. XL.  D  d  was

tional duties thereby im-pofed on cocoa nuts and

4x22 Anno regm tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 116. [1794.

was not actually distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like wash which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the palling of this adMhall be, fo produced for the purpose afcrefaid. n  II,  And whereas by another ad7, made in this present fejfioh of par-

I*  ultltu^d. An a£f for granting to his Majesty additional

? duties of excise on tea, coffee, and cocoa nuts, it was enafted, that there should be raifed, levied, collectedr, and paid, unto and for the use of bis Majefly, his heirs and fucceffors,for and in refpefi of the fever al tnatters and things therein-after mentioned, over and above all duties already impofedfor or in rejpcfi thereof by any att or adls of parliament, the further duties of excifc therein-after mentioned: and whereas doubts may also arije respecting the t rue conftruFtion of the said last mentioned adi: now, to obviate and remove all such doubts, and to declare the true intent and meaning of the said last mentioned a£i, it is and the addi- hereby declared and enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, i  unclej- and by virtue of the said last mentioned adl, the further

duty of sixpence halfpenny, mentioned in the said last mentioned a<51, is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and coffee deliver- taken to be and to have been impofed, as well for and in respect houfes°forare" everT Pound weight avoirdilpoife of cocoa nuts of the growth home con- or produce of any Britijh colony or plantation in America, which fumption, to was imported into Great Britain on or before the said twenty-extend as well third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-im^orted^nd anc^ w^c'n was delivered out of the warehouse in which the fo delivered on fame had been lodged under the cate and custody of the proper ©r before Feb. officers for fecliring the duties payable thereon for home con-1795" ancJ fumption, on or before the said twenty-third day of February one diities^werefeven hundred and ninety-five, and fo in proportion for not then paid, any greater or less quantity, and for which all the duties payable as to cocoa thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third day of nuts and cof* February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in anVfodehvei* re^Pe(^ every pound weight of the like cocoa nuts which, since ed bnce that the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hun-day.  dred and ninety-five^ hath been, or after the palling of this aeft

fhall be, imported into Great Britain, and afterwards delivered out of any such warehouse for horfte confumption; and that the said further duty of one (hilling and eight-pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned acf, is and was intended to be, and tne fame shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been impofed, as well for and in respect of every pound weight avoirdupoife of cocoa nuts of the growth or produce of any other place, which v/as imported into Great Britain on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which was delivered out of the warehouse in which the fame had been lodged under the care and custody of the proper officers for securing the duties payable thereon for home confumption, on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and fo in proportion for any greater of

left

1795-] Anno regtii tricesimo quintoGEORGil III. c. ± 16.  403

lefs quantity, and for which all the duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thou-fand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in refpecft of every pound weight of the like cocoa nuts which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the palling of this act shall be* imported into Great Britain, and afterwards delivered out of any such warehouse for home confumption; and that the said further duty of fix-pence halfpenny, mentioned in the said last mentioned adf, is and Was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been impofed, as well for and in respect of every pound weight avoirdupoife of coffee which was imported into Great Britain on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which was delivered out of the warehouse in which the fame had been lodged under the care and custody of the proper officers for securing the duties payable thereon for home confumption, on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, and for which all the duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in refpe<ft of every pound weight of coffee, which since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been^ or after the palling of this a6t shall be, imported into Great Britain, and afterwards delivered out of any such warehouse for home confumption.

III.  And ivhereas, by another a St, made in this present session of parliament* intituled. An acf for granting to his Majesty additional 35 Geo. p duties of excise on foreign fpirits, it was enaSied, that there Jloould c* Ia* rec*tS(** be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the life of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, for and in refpeSt of the fever al matters and things therein-after mentioned, over and above all duties already imposed for or in refpeSt thereof, by any cSl or aids of parliament, the further duties of excise therein-after mentioned: and whereas doubts may also arise refpe Sting the true confruStion of the said la ft mentioned aSi: now, to obviate and remove all such doubts, and to declare the true intent and meaning of the said last mentioned a cl, it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforefaid^ That, Additional under and by virtue of the said last mentioned a<5t, the further duties of rod. duty of ten-pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned a£t, is per gaVlon on and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken brandy, and to be and to hatfe been impofed, as well for and in refpedf of 8d., and is. every gallon of single brandy-which was imported into Great Bri- per 2a^OIt tain, and for which all the duties payable thereon were not Pa^ the Britirti* on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand colonies, im-seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in refpedf of every posed by re-gallon of the like single brandy which, since the said twenty-third cired day of February one thousand ieven hundred and ninety-five, hath weU^to^thotef' been, or after the puffing of this a£l shall be, imported into Great imported, and Britain > and that the further duty of one (hilling and eight-pence, for which

DD 2  mentioned  duty was not

404 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III, c. 116. [1795.

9? or mentioned in the said last mentioned ad, is and was intended to i795^as to*3’ ant* t^e ^ame he deemed and taken to be and to have tbofe import- ^een impofed, as well for and in respect of every gallon of brandy ed since that above proof, which was imported into Great Britain, and for day>  which all the duties payable thereon were not paid on or before

the said twenty-third day of February, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like brandy above proof, which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the palling of this ad (hall be, imported into Great Britain, and that the further duty of eight-pence, mentioned in the laid last mentioned ad, is and was intended to be,and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been impofed, as well for and in refped: of every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua vita^ of the produce of the Britijh colonies or plantations, which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like rum, fpirits, or aqua vita^ which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this ad shall be, imported into Great Britain; and that the further duty of one (hilling and four-pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned ad, is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been impofed, as well for and in refped: of every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, above proof, of the produce of the Britijh colonies or plantations, which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like rum, fpirits, or aqua vita above proof, which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after and the addi- the palling of this ad shall be, imported into Great Britain; and Str  ^urt^er  duty  eight-pence is and was intended to be,

is. 46. per  and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been

gallon re-  impofed, for and in respect of every gallon of rum or spirits of

fpedively im- the produce of the Britifa plantations, which, on the said twenty-

POrted°nrits third

day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, H^warehoufes. was or were ln any warehouse in which the fame had been put, fub-to extend to jed and according to the rules, regulations, reftridions, and provi-all io ware- lions, contained and provided in an ad, made in the fifteenth year of °i n the r£*»n °fhis late majesty King George theSecond, concerning and delivered* t^e landing of rum or spirits of the Britijh {ugar plantations before after that clay payment of the duties of excife, and lodging the fame in ware-for home  houfes, and which was or were, from and after the said twenty-

con sumption. thjrc| day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, delivered out of any such warehouse for home confumption, (except such rum or spirits as in the said ad: is or are excepted); and that the further duty of one (hilling and four-pence is and was intended tQ be, and the fame (hall be deemed and taken to

be

1795.] Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 116.  405

be and to have been impofed, for and fn refpeft: of every gallon of rum or spirits over proof, of the produce of the Britijh plantations, which, on the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was in any such warehoufe, and which was or were, from and after the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, delivered out of any such warehouse for home confumption, (except such rum or spirits as in the said aft is or are in that behalf excepted); and that the further duty of ten-pence, mentioned in Additional the said last mentioned aft, is and was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been impofed, cited aft of as well for and in respect of every gallon of single spirits or aqua iod. and is. vita (other than such brandy, rum, or fpirits, as aforefaid), which 8d. refpec-was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the duties  °^er

payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third than brandy, day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as &c. to extend for and in respect of every gallon of the like single spirits or aqua as well to vita9 which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the which duty passing of this aft shall be, imported into Great Britain; and that was not paid, the further duty of one ftiilling and eight-pence, mentioned in or before the said last mentioned aft, is and was intended to be, and the ^setQ^fe79,!’, lame (hall be deemed and taken to be and to have been impofed, imp0rted as well for and in respect of every gallon of spirits or aqua vites since that day. (other than such brandy, rum, or fpirits, as aforefaid) above proof, which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like spirits or aqua vita, which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this aft shall be, imported into Great Britain.

IV.  And whereas by another aft ?nade in this present fejjlon of par-liament, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majesty additional 35 G£°* 3; duties of excise on foreign wine and fweets, it was enafted., that c* I0*ieci e there Jhould be raifed, leviedcollefted, and paid, unto and for the use of his Adajefy, his heirs and face effors^ for and in respect of the fever al matters and things therein-after mentioned, over and above all duties already imposed for or in respect thereof by any aft or afts of parliament, the further duties of exeije therein-after mentioned: and whereas doubts may also arise respect big the true confruftion of the said lajl mentioned aft : now, to obviate and remove all such doubts, and to declare the true intent and meaning of the said last mentioned aft, it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Additional __ under and by virtue of the said last mentioned aft, the further duty of thirty pounds, mentioned in the said last mentioned aft, is and tun refpec^ was intended to be, and the fame shall be deemed and taker! to be lively imposed -and to have been impofed, as well for and in respect of every tun of by recited aft French wine, which was imported into Great Britain, and for ^ther^vines11^ which all the duties payable thereon were not paid on or before to extend as the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hun- well to those dree} aftd ninety-fiye, as for and in respect of every tun of the like imported, and,

d D 3  wine

406 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii 111. c. 116. [1795,

forwhichduty wine which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thou-on or'^oefore **and **even ^unc^recl ancl ninety-five, hath been, or after the patting Feb. 23,1795, ^IS a(^  imported  into  Great Britain, and fo in pro-

as tothofeim- portion for any greater or less quantity of any such wine; and P°rted lince that the further duty of twenty pounds, mentioned in the said lad: t at day, mentioned adt, is and was intended to be, and the fame (hall be deemed and taken to be and to have been impofed, as well for and in respect of every tun of Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain, and wine of all other forts which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every tun of the like wine which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the patting of this adt (hall be, imported into Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity of hndtheaddi- such wine; and that the further duty of eleven (hillings and fweet^to^be11 ^even“Pence three farthings, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, mentioned in the faid. last mentioned adt, is and was intended to be, and the fame (hall be deemed and taken to be and to have been impofed, for and in respect of every barrel of liquor which was made in Great Britain for (ale, by infufion, fermentation, or otherwise from fruit or fugar, or from fruit or sugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials whatfoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the name of Made Wines, after the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

V.  And be it further enadted, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, this ad?en<*  m  an^  hy an a6t made in the twelfth year of the reign of

King Charles the Second, intituled, An apt for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service and purveyance; and for settling a revenue upon his Majcfy in lieu thereof; or by any other law now in force relating to his Ma-jefty’s revenue of excife, are provided and established for managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afcertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (hall be pradtifed, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the excise duties by this adt impofed, and for preventing, detedting, and puniflaing, frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enadted in this present adt*

deemed imposed on all made after that day.

Powers of 12 Car. 2. c. 24,

to this adt.

C A P.

1795*3 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 117*  4°7

%

CAP. CXVII.

An aft for allowing the importation of rape feed, and other feeds used for extracting oil, from any country whatever, whenever the prices of middling Britifti rape feed shall be above a certain limit.—[June

26,1795.]

WHEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the fifteenth year of his pre- Preamble.

fent Majefifs reign, intituled, An act for encouraging the *5 Geo. 3. manufactures of rape oil, and other vegetable oils, in this king- c* 34* dom, by reducing the duties on rape feed, and other feeds producing oil, imported from Ireland; and for allowing the free importation of rape cakes for manure, from Ireland, to this kingdom; and by another aCi, pajfed in the twenty-five nth year of his present Majefifs reign, intituled, An aCl for repealing the several duties of0, 139 customs and excife, and granting other duties in Jieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties com-pofing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt; and by another aCt, pajfed in the, thirtieth year of his present Majejlfs reign, intituled, An aCl for lay- 3° Geo. 3. ing a du£y on the importation from any of the provinces in North c' 4I* reci e •" America, of rape feed, and all other feeds used for extracting oil, and for allowing the importation from the said provinces of rape cakes, or cakes made of rape feed, used for manure, duty free; rape feed, and all other feeds commonly made use of for the purpose of extracting oil therefrom, being the growth ^Ireland, or of his Ma-jefifs colonies, plantations, or provinces, in North America, are allowed to be imported from thence, on payment of the duty of one /hilling per la ft, whenever the prices of middling British rape feed shall be at or above the price of seventeen pounds ten findings per laji, under; certain conditions, regulations, and reft rill ions; and also rape cakes, or cakes made of rape feed, and commonly used for the purpose of mad mire, being the growth of Ireland, or of the said colonies, plantations, and provinces, in North America, duty free: and whereas it is expedient to permit the importation of rape feed, and all other feeds com -monly made use of for the purpose of extracting oil therefrom, from any country ivhatfoever, in like manner, and under the fame conditions, rules, regulations, and refiriCiions, as fuel? feeds are allowed to be imported from Ireland, or the said colonies., plantations, and provinces, in North America, whenever the prices of middling British rape feed shall be above a certain limit: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the puffing of this aft, it (hall and may be lawful

® D 4  i°r  trading  oil

4oS

therefrom, may e imported in British built ihips, from any country.

Annoregni triceGmo quinto Georgii III. c» 118. [1795.

for any person or persons whatever, to import into Great Britain, in a Britijh-built {hip owned and navigated according to law, from any country whatever, rape feed, and all other feeds commonly made use of for the purpose of extrading oil therefrom, on 1 payment of the duty of one {billing per laft, whenever the prices on the duty^ Gf middling Britijh rape feed {hall be at or above the price of \vhen th^price twenty pounds per laft, and under the fame conditions, rules, and of middling reftridfions, penalties and forfeitures, as such feeds are, now al-Britilh rape lowed to be imported from Ireland, or from his Majesty’s colo-hfl.n^es’ Potations, or provinces in North America.

Continuance  And  be xt further enafted, That this aft {hall continue in

of aft*  force  for  one  year,  and  from thence to the end of the then next

feffion of parliament.

Preamble.

If foreign wine is not entered, or the duties paid, or if it is not landed within zo days after entry should have been made, and it should be conveyed to the King’s ware-houfe agreeable to 26 Geo. 3. c. 59. warehouse rent fhallbe paid, withexpences,

cap. cxvm.

An all for charging warehouse rent on wines, in certain cafes, secured in his Majeffs warehoufes; for equalizing the duties on wines exported to India and China: and for providing warehouses for coffee and cocoa nuts imported into this kingdom—[June 26,1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that warehouse rent should be paid for foreign voine, in certain cafes, and that the fame floould be dtfpofed of in manner herein-after directed: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s moll: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, when the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, or consignee or confignees, shall neglect or refute to make due entry of any foreign wine, or to pay the duties, or to land such wine within the twenty days prescribed by an aft, made in.the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for repealing certain duties now payable on wines imported, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof to be coU lested tender the managemeyit of the commijfioners of excife, and such wine, together with the cafks, bottles, and packages, containing the fame, {hall, in pursuance of the said aft, be carried or conveyed to any of his Majesty’s warehouses for security of the duties due or payable in respect of such wine, the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, or consignee or confignees, of such . wine.,over and besides the duties for or in respect of such wine, {hall, before the fame {hall be delivered to him, her, or them, from or out of such warehouse or warehoufes, first pay into the hands of the proper warehouse keeper of cuftorns or excife, warehouse rent for such wine, at and after the rate of sixpence per week for each and every cask or other package of such wine, from the day on which such wine {hall have been unladen or taken from on board the ship or vessel in which the fame shall have been imported, until

the

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Geqrgii III. c. 118.  409

the day on which such wine (hall be cleared and taken out of such warehouse or warehoufes, together with the cofts, charges, and expences, attending the conveying of such wine, cafks, and packages to such warehouse or warehoufes, or otherwise relating to such wine, cafks, and packages; and if the proprietor or pro-If the duties, prietors, importer or importers, or consignee or confignees, of are not such wine, fhall, for the space of three months from the time of ^^tl^the6 such wine having been fo carried or conveyed to such warehouse W1*ne m’ay or warehoufes, omit, r^rlecft, or refufe, to pay and satisfy all the fold for pay-duties due and payable for or in refpedf of such v/ine, together ment, by the with such warehouse rent, cofts, charges, and expences, it shall ^cuftoms and may be lawful to and for the respective commissioners of cuf- orexcife. toms and excise in England and Scotland, or the major part of them respectively for the time being, after the expiration of such three months, to cause all such wine, cafks, and packages to be publickly fold to the best bidder, at such places as the said relpecfive commissioners shall think proper, for and towards satisfying such duties, warehouse rent, cofts, charges, and expences ; and if the money arifmg from such sale shall be equal to, or more than fuf-ficient to pay and satisfy all the said duties, together with such warehouse rent, cofts, charges, and expences, the refpecfive receivers general of the customs in England and Scotland for the time being (in cafe the said refpe<5tive commidioners of the cuftoms, or the major part of them refpeerively, shall cause such wine to be fold) shall pay over to the said respective commif-fioners of excise fo much of the proceeds of such sale as will be sufficient to satisfy the excise duties by law imposed for or in re-fpe£t of such wine ; and the said refpedbive commidioners of excise (in cafe they, or the major part of them refpedlively, shall cause such wine to be fold) shall pay over to the said refpedfive receivers general of the customs fo much of the proceeds of such sale as will be sufficient to satisfy the custom duties by law imposed for or in refpedf of such wine, .and the overplus (if any be) shall be paid to'the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or confignees, of such wine, or other person or persons authorised to receive the fame; and if, upon such wine and when put being put up or offered to fale, no person or persons shall offer up to> fale, if or bid for the fame as much or more money than the said duties ftdhciejU.^0^^ taken together would amount to, together with such warehouse gfj rent, coft, charges, and expences, as aforesaid, then, and in such be offered, the cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for such commiifioners re- fame may be fpecftively to cause the fame to be publickly fold, as they the said refpcdtive commissioners shall think beft, either for exportation tioifov dVftiu immediately from such warehouse or warehoufes, or in order to lation, &c. ‘ be difiilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar, under the inspection of the proper officer or officers of excife, at the entered distillery or vinegar works of some licensed diftilier or vinegar maker, taking sufficient security by bond, to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefTors, to the satisfaction of the major part of such commissioners refpe£tively, that such wine be not made use of for any purpose whatfoever, other than that for

which

4l°

Divition of the produce.

Wine fo fold for exportation, if fhipt before bond be given, forfeited.

Manner in which bond shall be dif-charged.

which the fame shall be fo fold ; and the said respective commif-fioners fhall, out of the money arising from such sale as lafl men-tioned, discharge and pay, in the first place, all such warehouse rent, coffs, charges, and expences as aforesaid, and shall divide the residue (if any be) into five equal parts ; and the said refpec-tive commissioners of the customs (in cafe thev, pr the major part of them, shall cause such wine to be fo fold) shall pay over three of such five parts to the said refpedfive commissioners of excife, towards satisfying the excise duties for or in respect of such wine ; and the said respective cpmmiffioners of excise (in cafe they, or the major of them refpedlively, shall cause such wine to he fo fold) shall pay over two of such five parts to the said re-fpedtive receivers general of the cufloms, towards satisfying the custom duties for or in refpe6t of such wine.

II.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any such wine, which shall be fo fold for exportation, shall be laden on board any ship or vessel in any of the ports of this kingdom, before such bond shall be given, the wine fo laden, together with the casks and other packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excife.

III.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That such refpe&iveSecurities by bond, herein-fiefore directed to. be given, shall be dilcharged in manner herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay), for such of the said wines as shall be fold for exportation, and to be landed in Ireland, the condition of the bond shall be, to bring in a certificate in discharge thereof, within fix months from the date of the bond \ and within twelve months for such of the said wines as shall be fold for, and to be landed in any other foreign port or place in Europe; and within eighteen months for such of the said wines as shall be fold for, and to be landed in any of his Majefly’s plantations in America pr Africa, or any of the united flates of America; and within twenty-four months for such of the said wines as shall be fold for, and to be landed in any port or place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope 5 which said certificate for such wines as aforesaid as shall be landed in any port or place where any officer or officers of his Majefly’s customs shall be refident, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majefly’s customs there, importing that such wine was there landed, and teflifying the landing thereof; and if no officer of his Majefly’s customs shall be resident in such port or place where such wine shall be landed, such certificate shall be signed by the British confpl, or other per-fon acting as such there, purporting that such wine was there landed, and teflifying the landing thereof; and if no officer of his Majesty’s cufloms, or Britijh conful, or other person acting as fuch, shall be resident in such port or place where such wine shall be landed, such certificate shall be under the common feal of the chief magistrate in such port or place, or under the hands and seals of two known Britijh merchants then being at such port or place, that such wine was there landed, or such bond or

bonds

1795.] Anno regnl tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 118.  41%

bonds (hall be discharged upon proof, in either of the said cafes, that such wine was taken by enemies, or perished in the feas, or by fire, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the said respective commifiioners, or the major part of them respectively for the time being; and such bond hereinbefore directed to be given for such wine as (hall be fo fold to be distilled into brandy, or made into vinegar, (hall be discharged on the production of a certificate from the proper officers or officer of excife, that such wine has been fo made use of, within three months after the fame shall have been delivered out of such warehouie.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That the receipts of the said respective commissioners of excise ^£C£Jp^s^ shall be a sufficient discharge to the said respective receivers ge- fioners^oTex-neral of the customs for such money as they shall fo pay to the cife and cuf-faid respective commissioners of excife, and the receipts of the toms refpec-jaid refpedftive receivers general of the customs shall be a fqffi-  be

cient discharge to the said refpetftive commissioners of excise for difchar^es such monies as they shall fo pay to the said respective receivers general; and such receipts shall severally be allowed by the proper officer or officers in palling the accounts of the said respective commissioners of excise and receivers general of the cuftoms.

V.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Perfons forg-if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or [ideates for*” procure to be forged or counterfeited any certificate by this a£t discharge of required for the discharge of any bond or bonds given, entered bonds, or of-into, or executed, for or in respect of any such wine, or shall fi^cers^conmy-produce to any collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms, or to^forfei/iool. to any collector or other officer of excife, or make use of any

forged, counterfeited, false or untrue certificate, as and for any certificate by this a£t required for the discharge of any such bond or bonds, knowing the fame to be fo forged or counterfeited, or if any officer or officers of the customs or excise shall connive at any such certificate being fo forged or counterfeited, or at any such forged, counterfeited, falfe, or untrue certificate being fa produced or made use of, all and every the person and persons fo offending fhall, for each and every such offence, severally forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

VI.  And be it further enadled, That if, after the Clipping of Wine if un-any such wine, the fame wine, or any part thereof, shall be un- ^nedom^af. {hipped, unladen, or laid on land, or put into any other fhip, ter it is fhipt, veffel, or boat, within this kingdom, (fhipwreck or other un-to be forfeited avoidable accident excepted), that then aqd in every such cafe, treble over and above the penalty of the bond, which shall be levied the va*ue% and recovered to his Majesty’s ufe, all such wine which shall be

fo unfhipped, unladen, or laid on land, or put into any other fhip, veffel, or boat, within Great Britain, (fhipwreck or other unavoidable accident excepted), with treble the value thereof, shall be forfeited, and such wine shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excife,

VII. And

4i$ Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. uS. [1795.

VII.  And whereas the drawback of the duties of excise now allow -edfor or in refpefi of foreign wine exported io China is less than such drawback alloived for or in refpett of such foreign wines exported to the British settlements in the East Indies, and it is expedient to

for foreign equalise the said drawbacks, be it therefore enadted, That there ?e export- shall be paid and allowed, for or in respect of all foreign wines thefamedraw- w^ich {hall, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand back to be al- seven hundred and ninety-five, be exported from Great Britain lowed as for as merchandize to China, the lame drawback of the duties of

^eE aft Indies exc^e as are now by ^aw a^owe^ for Qr in respect of foreign on conditions' w^ne exported from Great Britain as merchandize to any of recited adt. British settlement in the East Indies: provided always never-thelefs, that no drawback granted by this adt {hall be paid or allowed, nor any certificate or debenture for the fame be given or made out, save and except upon the lame terms and conditions, and under, fubjedt, and according to the rules, regulations, reftric-tions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, contained, provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, in and by the said adt made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty j and the said rules, regulations, reftridtions, provifions, fines, penalties and forfeitures shall be, and the fame respectively are hereby directed to be ufed, applied, pradtifed, and put in execution on the exportation of wine, for the purpose of obtaining the drawback by this a61 granted, as fully and effedtually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said rules, regulations, reftridtions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, had been expressly repeated and re-enadted in this act,

VIII.  And whereas the laws now in force for securing the duties , upon coffee and cocoa nuts have been found infuffcient to answer the

good purposes thereby intended; and for the better securing the said duties, and for the accommodation of the importers of coffee and cocoa nuts, it is expedient io provide and enadl the several rules, regulations, and provisions herein-after prefcribedy be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commifiioners of excise in England in Great Bri- ^or  t^me befog> anc^ the commifiioners of excise in Scotland

tain, to pro- for the time being, {hall, with all convenient fpeed, and they re^ vide ware- fpedtively are hereby authorised and required, out of any of the lodU?n ^coffee ^ut:ies or revenues °f excise under their management, to provide, ancf cocoa * ^rom time to time, at or near to the several and respective ports nuts.  in England and Scotland refpedtively, such warehouse and ware-

houfes as they respectively shall deem requisite and necessary for depofiting, lodging, and securing therein all such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively as shall be imported at such respective ports, pommifiion^^ IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and^x^fe0^ commifiioners of the customs in England for the time being, appoint ofll- or any four or more of them, and the commifiioners of the cuf-ctrs to attend toms in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of warehoufes. them, fhall, and they respectively are hereby authorised and required to appoint one or more officer or officers of the customs in England and Scotland respectively to attend all and every such warehouse or warehouses fo to be provided, according to the dU. edtions of this adt, in England and Scotland refpedtively; and

thq

1795-3 Anno regni trlcefimo quinto Georgix III. c. 118.  413

the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland refpedfively, or the major part of them refpedfively for the time being, fhall, and they refpedfively are hereby in like manner authorised and, required to appoint one or more officer or officers of excise to« attend all and every such vvarehoufe or warehouses fo to be provided according to the directions of this act, in England and Scotland refpedfively.

X.  And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid, That Officers of the proper officer or officers of excise on board every ship or dalks vefTel in which coffee or cocoa nuts shall be imported, (hall mark Gf coffee or or cause to be marked every cafk, bag, or other package of coffee cocoa nuts or cocoa nuts refpedfively, with a progressive number and a dif- onboard ships tinguifhing landing mark; and no calk, bag, or other package of thenT^nd if coffee or cocoa nuts refpedfively shall be unshipped or delivered unffiippedbe-from or out of such ship or vessel before the fame shall have been fore,they may fo marked, on pain of forfeiture thereof, to be seized by any of- be feized: freer or officers of the customs or excife; and when the fame shall have been fo marked, the importers, proprietors, or consignees of when mark-fuch coffee and cocoa nuts refpedfively shall forthwith (provided ed, importers, the fame shall have been duly entered) in the presence of the th^officer^ to proper officer or officers of the customs and excife, unfhip or unlhip and cause to be unshipped all such coffee and cocoa nuts refpedfively, convey them and shall carry and convey the fame, or cause the fame to be J^^vare~ carried and conveyed to and deposited in some or one of the re-fpedfive warehouse or warehouses fo to be provided, as diredfed by this adt, at or near to the port at which such coffee or cocoa nuts shall be imported; and the proper officer or officers of the customs and excise shall attend such coffee and cocoa nuts refpedfively from the time of the unfhipping thereof until the fame shall be fo depofited, lodged, and fecured, in such warehouse or warehoufes.

XL And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid,

That the importers, proprietors, or consignees refpedfively of such Within 14 coffee and cocoa nuts refpedfively, fhall, at his, her, and their own expence, within fourteen days next after such coffee and honied, the cocoa nuts refpedfively shall have been fo lodged and deposited in coffee and such warehouse or warehouses as aforesaid, and in the presence of cocoa to be the proper officer or officers of the customs and excife, take or the^pfles bv cause to be taken all such coffee and cocoa nuts refpedfively from the importer and out of the cafks, bags, and other packages refpedfively con- and weighed, taining the fame, and shall forthwith bring such coffee and cocoa at which time nuts refpedfively, and also the cafks, bags, or other packages, or artsmaybe cause the fame to be brought to, and put into the proper feales to ihparated, See, be weighed, in such manner as the proper officer or officers of the customs and excise shall diredf, fo that the tare of the cafk, bag, or other package, and the net weight of the coffee may be afeertained, at which time, but at no other or subsequent time, the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or confignees, of such coffee and cocoa refpedfively, shall or may be permitted and fuffered, in the presence of such officers refpec-tively, to separate the damaged or unmerchantable coffee and cocoa

4  nuts

4H

Officerstotake an account of the tare of calks, and weight of coffee and cocoa, &c.

Importers to take the coffee and cocoa from the fcales:

officer to mark the caflcs, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Ge6rgii 111. c. 118. [1795-1

nuts respectively from the undamaged and merchantable part thereof, and also to re-pack his, her, or their, coffee and cocoa nuts refpe&ively, into the fame or such other cafks, bags, or packages, as he, (he, or they, (hall think fit, each such other cafk, bag, or other package, containing one hundred and twelve pounds weight net of coffee or cocoa nuts refpecftively at the leaft; and the proper officer or officers of the customs and excise (hall forthwith take an account of the tare of each and every cafk, bag, or other package, and of the net weight of the coffee and cocoa nuts respectively contained therein; and such importers, proprietors, or consignees refpedtively, (hall alfo, at his, her, or their own expence, when and fo soon as such coffee or cocoa nuts (hall have been fo weighed and taken an account of, take the fame, cr cause the fame to be taken from and out of the scales in' which the fame (hall have been fo weighed, and thereupon the proper officer or officers of the customs and excise (hall jointly mark, or cause to be marked, on the outside of each and every such cafk, bag, or other package, in plain and legible letters or characters, the tare of the cafk, bag, or other package, and the net Weight of such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively contained therein* and whether the fame be coffee or cocoa nuts of the growth and produce of any Britifk colony or plantation in America, or of the united ffates of America, or of any other country or place, and shall also fet, ftamp, or affix, on the outside of such cafk* bag, or other package, proper landing marks and numbers, which said refpetive marks and numbers (hall be entered and inferted, by the proper officers of the customs and excise refpe&ively, together with the tare of each cafk, bag, or other package, and the net weight of the coffee or cocoa nuts respectively contained therein, in their respective books, to be by them kept for that purpose $• and when and fo soon as such entries (fiall have been fo made as aforesaid, the importers, proprietors, or consignees refpe&ively, shall remove each and every such cafk, bag, or other package re-fpe£lively, or cause the fame to be removed to, and properly flowed away in such convenient part or parts of such wafehoufe or warehoufes, and in such manner as the proper officer or officers of the:

Importers not cu^0ms and excise shall in that behalf dire£t; and if any such im-

complying  .  .  -  r

with the cli- porter or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or conlignee or con-

regions of this fignees of coffee or cocoa nuts, having unshipped or cause to be a&, to for-  unshipped any coffee or cocoa nuts, shall omit, negle6l,< or refufe,

fdt 50b;  contrary to the true intent and meaning of this acft, to carry and

convey the fame, or cause the fame to be carried and conveyed to, and deposited infome or one of the warehouses as aforesaid, or shall negletft or refuse to take or cause to betaken from or out of the cask bag, or other package containing the fame, any such coffee or cocoa nuts, which shall be depofited, lodged, or fecured, in any warehouse or warehouses as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to bring any such coffee or cocoa nuts, or cause the fame to be brought to, or put into the proper scales to be weighed as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to take any such coffee or cocoa nuts* vyhich (hall have been weighed and taken an acQOunt of, as'

directed

Importers to remove calks as the officer shall direct.

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo qiimto Grorgii III. c. ii8< 41 jf

directed by this a£l, or cause the fame to be taken from or out of the scales in which the fame shall have been fo weighed, or shall omit, negledl, or refufe, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a<ft, to remove, or cause to be removed, any such cafk, bag, or other package of coffee or cocoa nuts refpeclively, and properly flow the fame away, or cause or procure the fame to be flowed away in such convenient part or parts of luch warehouse or warehoufes, and in such manner as such proper officer or officers of the customs and excise shall in that behalf dire<£d, all and every such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or confignees, fo offending, fhall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds : provided but liable always neverthelefs, that no such importer, proprietor, orconfig- unlefsthev*^^ nee, shall incur or be liable to the said penalty of fiftypounds, neglect for unless he, fhe, or they, shall neglect or refuse to take or cause such three days coffee or cocoa nuts respectively to be taken from or out of the af£er notice cafk, bag, or other package containing the fame, or to bring or jj™? ^take cause the fame to be brought to, or put into the proper scales to the coffee out be weighed, or to remove and flow away the fame, according to of calks, &c. the true intent and meaning of this a£l, for the space of three days after he, fhe, or they shall have received notice fo to do from the proper officer of customs or excife.

XII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That at any time after any such coffee or cocoa nuts refpe£tively After coffee

fhall have been fo weighed and taken an account of as directed by have^e°n

this a6t, the several importers, proprietors, or consignees thereof weighed fam-

refpedlively, shall be permitted, in the presence of the proper of- pies may be

ficer or officers of the customs and excise refpedlively, belonging to taken.

fuch warehoufe, in which such coffee or cocoa nuts shall have

been fo weighed and taken an account of, as directed by this adi,

to take out of each cafk, bag, or other package, fo weighed and

taken an account of, a sample or samples of such coffee or cocoa

nuts, not exceeding four ounces in weight: provided always

neverthelefs, that not more than three such samples shall be taken

out of any such calk, bag, or other package whatever ; and that in

cafe the importers, proprietors, or confignees, shall be defirous

of taking a second or third fample, they shall return the lample

or samples which shall have been previovfly taken, or in lieu

thereof a quantity of good coffee or cocoa nuts refpedtively, equal

in weight to such previous fample.

XIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That the several and respective duties of excise imposed by an Duties im-adl, made in the tw'enty-feventh year of his present Majesty’s poled by feign, among other things, for repealing the several duties of^i^and customs and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, Geo. 3. and also the additional duties, by another adl of this present feifi- c. 13. to on of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majesty ad- extend to cof-ditional duties of excise on teay coffee, and cocoa nuts, imposed on delivered°foi^ coffee and cocoa nuts respectively imported into Great Britain, home con-and delivered out of the warehouse in which the fame shall have lumption out

been lodged, under the care and cuftod v of the proper officers, of warehouses s  '  r  provided un-

1 der this adt.



4*6 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 118. [1795.

for securing the duties payable thereon, for home confumption, iliall extend, and be deemed and construed to extend, to all coffee and cocoa nuts refpedtively, which shall be delivered for home consumption out of any warehouse or warehouses which (ball be provided under the authority or in pursuance of this a6l, and the said several and respective duties (hall be paid and payable by such perfons, at such times, and in such manner, as is herein-after directed.

XIV.  And be it further ena£led by the authority aforefaid. Regulations That when any importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, coffee^and co or con^gnee or confignees, of any coffee or cocoa nuts depofited, coa out of lodged, or fecured, in any such warehouse or warehouses as afore-warehoufes. faid, shall intend to clear or take, from or out of any such warehouse or warehoufes, any coffee or cocoa nuts, either for home consumption or exportation, he, flie, or they, shall give to the proper officers of the customs and excise respectively such notice in writing as is herein-after mentioned, and as the cafe may require, of his, her, or their intention fo to do; which notice, if the fame be for taking out of coffee or cocoa nuts for home confumption, shall be given at least one hour, and if such notice be for taking out of coffee or cocoa nuts for exportation, the fame shall be given at leaf! twelve hours before any such coffee or cocoa nuts shall be taken out for exportation ; and every such notice shall specify the particular cafks, bags, or other packages, of coffee and cocoa nuts respectively fo intended to be taken out, and also the landing marks and numbers, which were fet, (lamped, or affixed, upon each and every such calk, bag, or other package of coffee and cocoa nuts refpedtively, according to the directions of this adt, and shall alfo, at the time fpecihed in such notice, or within one hour after, at his, her, or their own expence, bring all such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively specified in such notice, from the parts or places of such warehouse or warehouses in which the fame shall be deposited and flowed away, and shall put or cause the fame to be put into the proper scales to be weighed in such warehouse or warehoufes, and the proper officer or officers of the customs and excise shall forthwith, within such warehouse or warehoufes, weigh or cause to be weighed, and taken an account of, each and every such cask bag, or other package, of coffee and cocoa nuts refpedtively; and all and every such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or confignees, shall thereupon forthwith pay down, in ready money, into the hands of the proper collectors of customs and excise refpedtively, the several duties of customs and excise impcfed for or in respect of such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively as shall be intended to be taken out of such warehouse or warehouses for home confumption, according to the net weight of such coffee or cocoa nuts refpedtively, deducting only such allowance as is herein-after directed to be made in the weighing Allowance for thereof.

turn of the XV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, iug cof^e and  ProPer  officer or officers of the customs and excife

cocoa."

z795*] Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. n8.  4r7

fhall, in the weighing and taking an account of coffee and cocoa nuts refpe£iively, in such warehouse or warehouses fo to be provided as aforesaid, give the turn of the scale in favour of the crown, and in lieu thereof (hall allow the importers, proprietors, or consignee thereof one pound weight avoirdupois upon each and every one hundred pounds weight of such coffee, and two pounds weight avoirdupois upon each and every one hundred pounds weight of such cocoa nuts respectively fo weighed and taken an account of; and which said refpeciive allowances shall be in lieu of all other allowances, and in full compensation for all waffe, lofs, or damage whatever, any thing in any former a£I or ads of parliament contained to the contrary in any wife not-withffanding.

XVI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every importer or importers, proprietor or proprie.- ^aa^ma^be°* tors, Gr consignee or confignees, fhall, before any such coffee or delivered f^orn cocoa nuts shall be delivered out of any such warehouse or ware- warehouses houses for home confumption, produce to the proper officer or for home con-officers of the customs and excise a certificate, granted by and under the hand of the collector and other chief officers of the certificates of cuftoms, testifying the payment of the custom duties for or in payment of refpecft of such coffee or cocoa nuts, and shall also in like manner duties, produce a certificate, granted by and under the hand of the collector of excife, teffifying the payment of the excise duties im-pofed for or in respect of such coffee or cocoa nuts reflectively, and thereupon such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively shall be delivered out of the said warehouse or warehoufes, with a permit for the removal thereof, granted by the proper officer of excife, and countersigned by the proper officer of the customs : provided always neverthelefs, that no such coffee or cocoa nuts refpeeftively orcocoa to shall be delivered out of any such warehouse for home confump- be delivered tion or exportation in any less quantity than in the intire calk, but in the bag, or other package, in which the fame was imported, or re- ^dnoUefs packed when fir ft weighed and taken account of, in such ware- tjian house or warehouses as aforesaid, nor in any less quantity than one hundred and twelve pounds weight net of coffee or cocoa nuts refpetftively at the leaft, .

XVII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That all coffee and cocoa nuts refpe&ively, which is or are now under feizure, or which shall or may be seized after the com-  lod^-

mencement of this a<51, by any officer or officers of the customs ed as the

or excite, under or by virtue of this or any other a<5f or a£ls commiffion-of parliament in force at the commencement of this a£t, or which and°e^xci(l0mS shall afterwards be made, fhall, after the seizure thereof refpeblive- app0-,nt# ly, be carried to, and depofited, lodged, and lecured in such place or places as the commifEoners of the customs and excise refpebfively shall appoint for that purpose.

XVIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That such coffee or cocoa nuts as shall be intended for exporta- Coffee and tion to parts beyond the seas shall be delivered out of such cocoa to be warehouse or warehouses unto the importers, proprietors, or con- Exportation on Vol. XL.  E  £  cP

Coffee and cocoa feized

^nees

how security lhall be dif--charged.

Warehoufe rent to be paid before delivery of coffee or cocoa.

418 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 118. [1795.

fecurity for fignees thereof, upon sufficient security to be first given to his r^e»landed^ Maje%> his heirs and fucceffors, (which security the commif-Creat Britain: fioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively for the time being, or the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, are hereby required and empowered to take), that the fame, and every part thereof, (hall be exported, and not re-landed in Great Britain ; which said securities shall be discharged without fee or reward, upon a certificate returned or produced to the com-miffioners of the customs in England and Scotland refpecftively, or such officer or officers as aforesaid, under the common feal of the chief magistrate in any place or places beyond the feas, or under the hands and seals of two known British merchants then being at such place or places, that such coffee or cocoa nuts were there landed, or upon proof by credible persons that such coffee or cocoa huts were taken by enemies, or perished in the feas, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the said corn miffioners of the customs for the time being.

XIX.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or confignees, (hall, before any coffee or cocoa nuts respectively (hall be cleared or delivered from or out of any such warehouse or warehoufes, either for home consumption or for exportation, first pay into the hands of the proper officer of ex-cife warehouse rent for such coffee or cocoa nuts refpe<5tively, at and after the rate of one (hilling per week for each and every ton weight of such coffee or cocoa nuts refpeftively, and in proportion for any greater or less quantity, for the time that such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively shall be or remain in any such warehouse or warehoufes.

XX.  And be it further enacfted by the authority aforesaid, coabenotdu- ^at w^en the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, ly entered, or or consignee or confignees, shall negle£t or refuse to make due landed within entry of any coffee or cocoa nuts, or to land the fame within the the prescribed thirty days prescribed by an act made in the fifth year of his oft he customs Pre^eQt Majesty’s reign, among other things, for the better fecur-orexcife may mg and further improvement of the revenues of cuftoms, excife, warehouse it, inland, and fait duties, it shall and may be lawful to and for and the im- any officer or officers of cufforns or excife, and such officer the^oft^amf or °&cers an(^ are hereby authorised and required to carry or warehouse convey all such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively to, and lodge rent; and if and secure the fame in some or one of the warehouse or ware-not cleared houses to be provided in pursuance of this aft, and the importer month ?t ma or >mPorters> proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees be fold. ^ of such coffee or cocoa nuts refpedlively, fhall, over and befides

the fublidies and other duties for or in relpedl of such coffee or cocoa nuts refpecftively, before the fame shall be delivered to him, her, or them, from or out of such warehouse or warehoufes, first pay into the hands of the proper officers of excife, warehouse rent for such coffee or cocoa nuts, at and after the rate of one shilling per ton per week, to be reckoned from the day of ware-

houfing

1795-3 Annoregni tricesimo quint° Georgii III. c. 118.  4*2

houfing such coffee or cocoa nuts refpe<5lively, together with the cofts, charges, and expences attending the conveyingfuch coffee or cocoa nuts to such warehouse or warehoufes, or otherwise relating to such coffee or cocoa nuts refpedtively; and if the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees of any such coffee or cocoa nuts fhall, for the space of one month from the time of such coffee or cocoa nuts having been fo carried to, such warehouse or warehouses by such officer or officers as aforesaid, omit, neglect, or refule to clear and take such coffee or cocoa nuts refpe£fively out of such warehouse or warehoufes, and to pay and satisfy all the subsidies and duties for or in refpe^l of such coffee or cocoa nuts, together with such warehouse rent, cofts, charges, and expences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective commissioners of customs or excise in England and Scotland refpedftively for the time being, as the cafe may require, after the expiration of such one month, to cause all such coffee and cocoa nuts refpedtively, together with the cafks, bags, and other packages refpetfively containing the fame, to be publickly fold to the best bidder, at such places as the said refpe£tive commiffioners, as the cafe may require, shall think proper, for and towards satisfying the subsidies and other duties of customs and excise for or in respect of such coffee and cocoa nuts refpe&ively, together with such warehouse rent, and all reasonable cofts, charges, and expences of the removal, keeping, and fale, of such coffee and cocoa nuts re-fpe&ively; and if the money ariiing from such sale thereof ^duce.° C shall be equal to, or more than sufficient to pay and satisfy all * the said duties, together with such warehouse rent, cofts, charges, and expences as aforesaid, the refpetftive receivers general of the customs in England and Scotland respectively for the time being,

(in cafe the said refpe6ftve commissioners of the customs refpec-tively shall cause such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively to be fold), shall pay over to the said respective commissioners of excise fo much of the proceeds of such sale as will be sufficient to satisfy such excise duties for or in respect of such coffee or cocoa nuts refpecftively ; and the said respective commissioners of excise (in cafe they refpecHvely shall cause such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively to be fold) shall pay over to the said respective receivers general of the cuftoms, fo much of the proceeds of such sale as will be sufficient to satisfy the subsidies and other duties of cuftoms, for or in respect of such coffee and cocoa nuts refpedfively, and the overplus, if any be, shall be paid to the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees of such coffee and cocoa nuts refpec-tively, or other person or persons authorised to receive the fame; and in cafe upon such coffee or cocoa nuts being put up or If sufficient to offered to fale, no person or persons shall offer or bid for the PaY thf! duties fame as much or more money than the said subsidies and duties te^otofllred taken together would amount to, together with such ware- the coffee or ’ house rent, cofts, charged, and expences, as aforesaid, then and cocoa may be <in such cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for such com- burnt.

£ E 2  miffioners

If coffee or cocoa be not taken out of warehoufes, within three year^ it may be fold for payment of duties, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo c[uinto Georgii III. c. 118. [1795.

miflionCrs of the customs or excise refpedfively to cause such coffee or cocoa nuts refpe£tively to be burnt and deftroyed.

XXI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or confignees, of any coffee or cocoa nuts, which shall be depofited, lodged, or secured in any warehouse or warehouses provided according to the dire£tions or in pursuance of any a£t or a£ts of parliament in force immediately before the commencement of this a6t, or which shall be duly conveyed to and lodged and deposited in any warehouse or warehouses by the importers, proprietors, or consignees thereof, under and according to the directions and in pursuance of this a6t, {hall negleCt, omit, or refufe, to clear or take any such coffee or cocoa nuts from or out of such warehouse or warehoufes, in which the fame shall be depofited, lodged, or fecured, as herein-before directed, within three years, to be computed from the day on which the fame was deposited or lodged in such warehouse or warehouses by the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or confignees, of such coifee or cocoa nuts refpe&ively, according to the directions of this a6f, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective commissioners of the customs and excise in England and Scotland respectively for the time being, after the expiration of such three years, to cause all such coffee and cocoa nuts refpe&ively, together with the cafks, bags, and other packages, respectively containing the fame, to be publickly fold to the heft bidder, at such places as the said respective commif-fioners (as the cafe may require,) shall think proper, for and towards satisfying the custom duties, and also the excise duties, by law imposed for or in respect of such coffee and cocoa nuts re-fpe£lively, upon the fame being delivered for home consumption out of the warehouse or warehouses in which the fame shall have been Co depofited, lodged, and fecured, together with such warehouse rent, and all reasonable cofts, charges, and expences, of the removal, keeping, and fale, of such coffee and cocoa nuts re-pro^ce° t € *Pe&ively > anc^ if the money arising from such sale thereof shall *  *  be  equal to, or more than sufficient to pay and satisfy all the faid

duties, together with warehouse rent, cofts, charges, and expences, as aforesaid, the respective receivers general of the customs in England and Scotland for the time being (in cafe the said refpec-tive commissioners of the customs respectively shall cause fucff coffee or cocoa nuts refpetftively to be fold) shall pay over to the said respective commissioners of excise fo much of such excess or surplus as will be sufficient to satisfy the excise duties by law imposed for or in respect of such coffee and cocoa nuts re-fpe&ively 5 and the said respective commissioners of excise (in cafe they refpedfively shall cause such coffee or cocoa nuts reflectively to be fold) shall pay over to the said refpetftive receivers general of the customs fo much of such excess or surplus as wilt be sufficient to satisfy the custom duties by law imposed for or in refpcft of fuqh coffee and cocoa nuts refpedtively, and the overplus,

1795-] Anno regni tricesimoquinto Georgii III. c. n8, '  421

plus, if any be, after payment of such duties, warehouse rent, cofts, charges, and expences, shall be paid to the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or coniignees, of such coffee and cocoa nuts refpedtively, or other person or persons authorised to receive the fame; and in cafe, upon such coffee Iffufficient to or cocoa nuts being put up or offered to fale, no person or clfar persons shall offer or bid for the fame as much or more money be not offered, than the said duties taken together would amount to, together the coffee or with such warehouse rent, cofts, charges, and expences, as afore- cocoa may be faid, then and in such cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for ^urnt* such commissioners refpeflively to cause such coffee or cocoa nuts refpe£tively to be burnt and destroyed : provided always never- Time ^en thelefs, that no coffee or cocoa nuts shall be fold by the said com- qoa^ay be* miffioners of customs or excife, in pursuance of this adf, until fold under this after the expiration of nine months next after the commencement a<ft. of this a<5t.

XXII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person or persons whatsoever shall aftault, refill, oppofe,  for

moleft, obftrudt, or hinder, any officer or officers of the customs oncers, "or or excise in the due execution of this or any other a eft or a£ts refeuing cofe of parliament in force at the commencement of this a£t, or there- fee, &c. after to be made, relating to coffee or cocoa nuts, or of any of the powers or authorities by any such a£t or acts of parliament given or granted to any such officer or officers, or shall by force or violence, after any such officer or officers shall have seized any coffee or cocoa nuts forfeited by any such a61 or acts of parliament, refeue or cause to be refeued any such coffee or cocoa nuts, or shall attempt or endeavour fo to do, all and every such person or persons fo offending fhall, for each and every such offence, for which no penalty is particularly provided by this adt, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, created or imposed by Recoveiy and

this adt, and which shall be sued for or prosecuted under or by application of *  i  j  nenalties tucfl

virtue of the order or permission of the commissioners of the cu- for officers

ftoms in England and Scotland refpedtively, or by any officer or of cuftoms. officers of the cuftoms, shall and may be sued for, profecuted, covered, and disposed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any fines or penalties incurred, or any goods forfeited for any offence against the laws of cuftoms, may now legally be sued for, profecuted, recovered, and disposed of, and the officer or officers of the customs concerned in any such seizure or prosecution (hall be entitled to and receive such {hare of the produce arising from the seizures as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importation, and to such (hare of the produce arising from any pecuniary penalty or composition paid for any offence against this act, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XXIV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this, or any Recovery and ’ i: £ 3  ^  otbe;r  application ot

422 Anno regni tricefitno quinto Georgix

IIIj G, Il8.

C1795*

5 Geo. 2. c. 24. and 33 Geo. 3. c. 79, &c. to remain in force, except hereby altered.

penalties sued other aft or acts of parliament in force at the commencement of of*the  this a61, relating to coffee or cocoa nuts, and which (hall be pro-

fecuted or sued for by order of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland refpectively, or by any officer or officers of excife, (hall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminfler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpectively, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccelfors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who (hall inform, difcover, or fue, for the fame.

XXV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the powers, authorities, rules, directions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provifions, claufes, matters, and things, which, in or by an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for encou-raging the growth of coffee in his Majejlfs plantations in America, or in an act made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the further encouraging the growth of coffee and cocoa nuts in his Majesty s i/lands and plantations in America, or in and by any act or ats of parliament therein refpeftive-ly mentioned or referred unto, or in* or by any other act or acts of parliament relating to coffee and cocoa nuts refpectively, or either of them, in force immediately before the commencement of this act, are contained, provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, for managing, affeffing, raifing, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, afcertaining, enforcing, or fecuring, the duties by law imposed for or in respect of coffee and cocoa nuts refpectively, or either of them, and for preventing, detecting, and punifhing, frauds relating thereto, (except where the fame respectively are repugnant to, or are expressly altered by this act), (hall be and remain in full force, to all intents and purposes, and the fame powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provifions, claufes, matters, and things, (except as before excepted), (hall continue to be duly obferved, praftifed, applied, ufed, and putin execution throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, as fully and effetually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provifions, claufes, matters, and things, had been expressly inferred and re-enacted in this present act.

Commence-  XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

ment of act  That this act (hall commence and take effect, as to all such

where none is matters and things therein contained, in respect whereof no provided. special commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after such warehouse or warehouses (hall be provided in purluance of this aft, in or near the port of London.

CAP.



1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. x 19.  423

CAP. CX1X.

An aft to prohibit, for a limited time,  making of low wines or

fpirits from wheats barley,  any other fort of grain,

from any meal, flour, or bran \ and for permitting home-made fpirits, deposited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home confumption, on payment of duty,—[June 26, 1795*]

WHEREAS // expedient that the distillation of low wines Preamble.

or fpirits, and the making or preparing of wort or wash for the distillation of low wines or fpirits, from wheat, barley, malt, and all other forts of grain, andfrom meal, flour, or bran, should be prohibited for a limited time ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That,  to

from and after the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred corn or and ninety-five, until and upon the first day of February one grajn in Great thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, in that part of Great Britain for a Britain called England; and from and after the seventeenth day certainperiod* of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until and upon the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, in that part of Great Britain called Scotlandj no low wines or spirits shall be brewed, made, prepared, extracted, or diftilled, from any wheat, barley, malt, or tilts, or any other fort of corn or grain, orfrom any meal, Hour, or bran, or any mixture with the fame.

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That penalty of if, during the time before limited, any difliller or diftillers, maker corn'&c fo/ or makers of low wines or fpirits, or any other person or persons fo diftilling. whatfoever, shall brew, make, prepare, extract, or diftil, or cause or procure to be brewed, made, prepared, extracted, or diftilled, any low wines or spirits from any wheat, barley, malt, or other corn or grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran, or any mixture with the fame, or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any wheat, barley, malt, or other corn or grain, or any meal, flour, or bran, in any wort or wa(h, in order for the brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or diftilling, any low wines or fpirits, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any tun, wafh-batch, cafk, copper, (till, or other vessel or utenfil, any wheat, barley, malt, or other corn or grain, or any meal, flour, or bran, or any mixture with the fame, for the pur-pofe of preparing any wort or wafh, or for brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or distilling any low wines or fpirits, whether such tun, wafh-batch, cafk, copper, ftill, or other vef-fel or utenfil, shall or shall not have been or be duly entered at the excise office, that then, and in each and every of the said cafes, such difliller or diftillers, maker or makers, of low wines or fpirits, or other person or persons acting contrary to the directions of this aft, and the person or persons in whole custody or poflef-fion any such tun, wafh-batch, cafk, copper, ftill, or other vessel e e 4  or

4»4

cxtendyto0dif0 That nothina; in this tilling from wash openly-brewed before certain days.

Wheat, &c. found in any ftillhoufe, &c. after certain days, forfeited, and aool.

During the

limited period the commiffi-oners of ex-cife and jufti-ces of peace in England mnyauthorife perfons, with officers of excite, to enter ftillhoufes, See. to inspect materials and Uttnlils.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 119. [1795.

or utenfil, which shall be made use of contrary to the intention of this a£t, shall be found, {hall severally and refpetffively, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; and all such wheat, barley, malt, and other corn or grain, and such meal, flour, and bran, or other mixture with the fame, and such wort and wafh, low wines and fpirits, (hall be forfeited, 3nd shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excife.

III.  Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further ena&ed, a£t contained shall extend, or be deemed

or construed to extend, to fubje£f any entered distiller to the Paid penalty of five hundred pounds, for or by reason of his extracting or distilling any low wines or spirits from any wash openly brewed in his entered diftillery, on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five in that part of Great Britain called England, or on or before the twelfth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; any thing in this act contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, fhall, within the time herein-before limited, be found in any workhoufe, ftill-houfe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or any other place wherein low wines or fpirits, or wort or wafh, shall be preparing, or shall be brewed, made, extracted, diftilled, or prepared, or where any low wines or fpirits, or wort or wafh, shall have been brewed, made, extradled, diftdlled, or prepared, after the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in that part of Great Britain called England, and after the seventeenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, all such wheat, wheat meal, and flour, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excife, and the person or persons in whose poflefliort such workhoufe, ftillhoufe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or place, shall be, fhall, for every such offence, respectively also forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds.

V.  And be it further ena£ted by the authority aforefaid. That during the time herein-before limited, it shall be lawful for any person or perfons, who shall be authorised for that purpose by the commissioners of excise for the time being, or any two or more of them, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or by one or more justice or justices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, at any time or times with any officer of excise to enter into any workhoufe, ftillhoufe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or any other place whatsoever, wherein any low wines or fpirits, or wort or wafh, shall be or are fufpedfed to be preparing, or to be brewed, made, or extracted, diftilled, or prepared, or wherein low wines or wort, or w^ib, shall have been made, brewed, extracted, diftilled, or prepared, after the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and seventeenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five refpedliveiy, and shall have free admittance into the fame, and

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo qumto Georgia III. c. 119.  425

may infpetft all the materials, velTels, and utenfils, therein contained, (giving thereby as little interruption as may be to the bufinefs, which shall be carrying on); and in cafe any such of- If officer fuf-ficer of excise shall have reason to fufpedft that any wheat, barley,  .

malt, or other corn or grain, or any meal, flour,'or bran, is mixed worfc]-ie may. in any wort or wafh, or in any other material or preparation for take a fam-brewing, making, extracting, or diftilling, low wines or fpirits, it pie : shall be lawful for such officer at any time or times during the said term, upon payment of two shillings and fixpence, to take a sample not exceeding two quarts of any such wort or wafh, material or preparation, which shall be found in any such house or other place aforefaid; and in cafe any distiller or diftillers, penalty of maker or makers, of low wines or fpirits, or the owner or occu- ?oalA/or pier of any such house or place, or any workman or servant to fpe^jon, or any such distiller or diftillers, maker or makers, or owner or oc- not allowing a cupier belonging, shall refuse to admit such person or persons as sample to be shall be fo authorifed, or any officer or officers of excise into any ta^en* such house or place, or shall obftruCf or hinder any such officer or person or persons in making such inspection as aforesaid, or shall not allow any such officer to take such sample after the said sum of two shillings and sixpence shall be paid or tendered for the fame, every such distiller or maker, owner or occupier, fhall, for every such offence, respectively forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such officer of ex- Corn found cife or other person or persons authorised as aforesaid, having a maybefeized. warrant for that purpose from any two or more of the commiffi-oners of excife, or any justice or justices respectively as aforesaid, to feize, take, and carry away, all such wheat, barley, malt, and other corn or grain, and all such meal, flour, and bran, as shall be found in any such house or other place, together with all the veflels, lacks, bags, and other things, in which the said commodities shall be contained.

VI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Diftillers if any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits for sale or expor- {i^kedPeriod tation, fhall, after the tenth day of July one thoufmd seven hun- more thari 5 dred and ninety-five, until and upon the fir ft day of February one quarters of thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, in that part of Great Bri- wheat, &c. tain called England; and from and after the seventeenth day of July one thousand levenhundred and ninety-five, until and upon the first houfe), tofor-day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, in that teit the fur-part of Great Britain called Scotland, be possessed of, or have in his, pl,ls and iol-her,or their cuftodyor polTelfion,or in the cuftodyor poffeffionof any Pcr ftuaiter* person or persons in trust or for the use or benefit of such distiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, more than five quarters of wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, at any one time, in any one or more place or places, (not being a place or places for preparing, brewing, making, extrading, diftillmg, or keeping wort or wafh, low wines or fpirits), every such distiller or diftillers, maker or makers, of low wines and fpirits, lhali, for every such offence, yeipedtively forfeit all such wheat, wheat meal, and flour, exceeding the said quantity of five quarters, and alfq the sum of

teii



426 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 119. [1795;

Penalty not to ten pounds for every quarter fo forfeited : provided always, that extend to dif- t^js a(g.  not  extend  to  inflicSt  the  said  last mentioned penalty

tillers being growers of wheat, or millers, in certain cafes

On oath of ground of

and forfeiture upon any distiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, who (hall be the actual grower of wheat, and (hall be possessed of any quantity of such wheat grown 6y him or her, in the ftraw, or after the fame is threshed out or separated from the ftraw, provided that such wheat (hall not be kept in his or her pofleffion, or in the pofteffion of any other person or persons in trust for him or her for a greater space of time than twenty days after the fame {hall be threshed or separated from the ftraw, and fo as such wheat be not kept in any place used for brewing, making, extradfing, or distilling low wines or fpirits, or for preparing or keeping wort or wafh: provided alfo, that this a6I {hall not extend to inflidl the said last mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits who praclifes the trade of a miller, and who was poftefied of and worked any mill or mills for the grinding of wheat on or before the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for or upon account of any quantity of wheat which {hall, during the time herein-before limited, be found not wetted or steeped in any such mill or mills ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any officer or officers of the excife, or any other fuf^idon that Perf°n or perfons, shall at any time or times have cause to suspect more than that any wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, exceeding the quan-hve quarters tity of five quarters, {hall be laid or kept in any such ftorehoufe, ?skept1n anv ware^ou^e? granary, or other place or places as aforesaid, be-ftorehoufe, * longing to any diftiller, or maker of low wines or fpirits, contrary &c. officers to the true intent and meaning of this a61, then, and in every and other per-fucb cafe, upon oath made by such officer or officers, or other authorifed^o Per^on or Pel*fons before the commissioners of excise for the time search for, and being refpedlively, or any two or more of them, or before one or mayfeizethe more justice or justices of the peace residing near the place where furplus; and such officer or officers, or other person or perfons, shall fufpedb who^ouftodyt^ie **ame t0  an<^  kept,  setting  forth  the ground of his or

found, to for- their fufpicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said feit 10I. per commiffioners, or justice or justices of the peace refpedlively, before whom such officer or officers, or other person or perfons, shall make oath as aforesaid, (if he or they {hall judge it reafon-able), by special warrant under his or their respective hands and feals, to authorise and empower such officer or officers, or other person or persons authorised as aforesaid, by day or by night, (but if in the night, then in the presence of a conftable, or other lawful officer of the peace), to enter into all and every ftorehoufe, warehoufe, granary, or other place or places where he or they shall fo suspect that any wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of five quarters as aforesaid, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such distiller or diftillers, maker or makers, of low wines or fpirits, and to feize, take and carry away, all such wheat, wheat meal, and flour3 as he or they {Jiall fo find,

(over

quarter.



r795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quintoGeorgii III.c. i 19.  427.

(over and above the (aid quantity of five quarters), together with' all the veflels, facks, bags, or other things wherein the fame (hail be contained; and such distiller or diftillers, maker or makers, of low wines or fpirits, or the person or persons in whose custody or possession such wheat, wheat meal, or flour, belonging to such distiller or diftillers, maker or makers, (hall be found, (hall for every such offence, respectively forfeit and pay the said penalty of ten pounds for every quarter, exceeding the said quantity of five quarters; and the said officer or officers, and other person or Doors may be perfons, is or are hereby empowered by such warrant, together broken open, with such other person or persons as he or they (hall take to his or their afliftance, to enter such ftorehoufes, warehoufes, granaries, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof in cafe they be not forthwith opened on demand.

VIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this adt, Recovery and shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, application of means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be Pena sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejiminjler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpeclively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, difcover, or sue for the fame.

IX.  And whereas there may have been contracts made by diftillers, with several perfons^for fpirits, grains, or yejl, to be delivered and received at future times, after the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five ; be it therefore further enacted by

the authority aforesaid, That all contradts or bargains made by Contradts for any difiiller or diftillers, with any person or persons whatfoever, delivery of for any fpirits, grains, or yeft, to be delivered at any time during thecontinu? the continuance of this adt, shall be and are hereby declared to be ance of this fufpended.  ad void.

X.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any action or fuit shall be commenced against any adtions. person or perfons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act,

fuch action or fuit shall be commenced within the space of one calendar month next after the offence shall be committed; and if such action or fuit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defendants in any such action or fuit, may plead the general iffue, and General ifTue. give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this adt; and if it shall appear fo to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants ; and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the hpae as Treble

any

This a6t may be pleaded in Scotland.

42B Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgxx III. c. 119. [1795.

any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law ; and if such a£Hon or fuit be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom such acflidn or fuit shall be brought, (hall allow the defender to plead this a6I on his defence, and the pursuer shall not insist on his action ; or if judgement shall be given against such purfuer, the defender shall and may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by any such action or fuit.

XI.  Ana whereasy by divers laws now in force, certain annual duties are imposed upon fills used for difilling spirits from corn or grainy in proportion to the contents offuch fills : and whereas it is reasonable that an allowance Jhould be made for such part of the ufual

m Scotland to feafin for difillingy during which they may be prevented from working make an al- in consequence of this aft : be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, lowanceofthe That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or any four of them, to make such allowances to the persons taking out such licences refpedtively, as shall appear to the said commiflioners, with the approbation of the lords com-millioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three of them, to be reafonable.

XII.  Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority

.  .. aforesaid, That in cafe his Majesty, at anytime or times after

the^mal-^01^^6 t^ie tent^ day Jub'one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, fhall, in his royal difcretion, judge it to be mod for the benefit and advantage of this kingdom, to permit the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by his royal proclamation or proclamations to be ifliied, by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majesty’s order in council, to be published in the London Gazette, from time to time, to permit and suffer all and every person and perfons, natives and foreigners, (but not any particular person or perfons), at any time or times after the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to make low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or aqy other fort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.  And be it further ena6ted by the authority aforefaid. That if any distiller or diftillers, who shall have deposited any

Commiffion-

ers of txcife

duties on dills for the time they are prevented working under this act.

His Majesty

any time after July io, *795-

Spirits from corn, deposited in ware-houfes for exportation before June

fpirits drawn or made in Great Britain from corn, before the

twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for exportation to parts beyond the feas, according to the rules, regulations, and provifions, of an a6t made in the second year be’tlken out^ ^IS present Majesty’s reign, among other things, for better re-forhome con- gulating and encouraging the exportation of Britijh-made spirits fumption on in any such warehouse as is mentioned in the said a<51, shall be payment of desirous of using any such spirits for home confumption, and shall signify such his, her, or their desire to the commissioners of excise in England and Scotlandrefpecftively for the time being, the said respective commissioners refpetSHvely shall direct the quantity pf spirits fo ddlred to be taken out pf such warehoufe, and

delivered

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quintoGEORGii III. c. i£o.

delivered to such distiller or diftiilers, he, (he, or they having fir ft duly paid to the proper officer or officers of excise a duty of excifeatand after the rate of forty pounds eighteen {hillings and two-pence farthing for each ton of such spirits of the strength they were taken into such warehoufe, (that is to fay), One in fix under hydrometer proof, any ads of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithftanding; and the said duty (hall be applied in like manner as the said duties by law imposed for or in respect of fermented wort or walh, brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from malt, corn, grain, or tilts, forextrading spirits for home confumption, and for or in respect of (tills used or employed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for making of low wines or fpirits, from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wash or liquor, made or brewed from Britijh materials, are now directed to be applied.

CAP. CXX.

An ad for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the con-folidatedfund ; for the service of the year one thousand (even hundred and ninety-five ; and for further approp'iating the lupplits granted in this fefiion of parliament.—[June z6, 1795 ]

a,895,0001. may be issued out of the consolidated fund ; which may be raised by loans or exchequer bills on the credit of the said fund. Money lent on security of this a<5t not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be ftruck, &c. Orders for repayment to be registered and paid in courfe.

No fee to be taken for regiftering. See. on penalty of treble value and cofts, and also loss of place. Not to be deemed undue preference which orders of the fame date, brought the fame day, are entered firft, fo they are all entered ; nor if subsequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for payment, if money be reserved to discharge them. Orders affignable. Treafury may order the sum hereby granted to be raised by exchequer bills in the manner preferibed by the malt a<ft of the present session ; the provisions of which aft (except such as charge the bills on the malt duties, and limit the rate of intereft) to extent! to this. Bills and in-tereft, &c. to be discharged out of the consolidated fund. Bank may advance money on the credit of this adt. Monies raised by the malt duties, land tax, loans, 2,000,000b Further loans, 1,500,000b Annuities; lottery ; and 2,895,000b out of the consolidated fund, to be applied (with the residue of the sale of French prizes) to the uses hereafter exprefled. 6>3*5>5*3l« 3s- for naval services for 1795.  34,155b  is.  9<1.  for land

fervice of the ordnance not provided for in 1793.  25,357b  14s.  5d. for

lea service of the ordnance not provided for in 1793. 1,045,305b 19s. 8d. for land service of the ordnance not provided for in 1794. 39,387b os. 3d. for sea service of the ordnance not provided for in 1794.  1,176,804b 17s.

9d. for land service of the ordnance in 1795.  200,000b  to  the  king of

Sardinia. 11,474,358b 17s. 8d. 3q. granted for land forces in 1795. 2>777>534b 19s. id. for 119,380 effective men, officers, See. in Great Britain, See. 691,307b 15s. yd. for forces in the plantations, Gibraltar* Corftca, and New South Wales. 40,096b 9s. 9d. for difference between Britifli and Irifli pay of regiments in the Weft Indies. 8,323b 17s rod. aq. for regiments in East India. 385,000b for recruiting contingencies,

&c. 480,000!. for levy money, &c. for augmentations to the land forces. 115,8201.0s. 3d. for general, staff and hospital officers. 79,978b 4s. 4d. for supernumerary officers. iro,8aol. 18s. 3d. to the paymaster general, secretary at war, &c. 128,864b 3s. 9d. for reduced officers of land forces and marines. 135b 16s. 3d. for reduced officers, &c. of the horse guards.

1,000b for officers late in the service of the States General. 52,500b for reduced officers of the British American forces; and 7,500b for allowances



430 Anno regni tricefimd quinto Georgii III. c. 120. [1795.-

ances to them. 10,3871. 13s. 3d. for widows penfions. 930,0471. 12s. 3d. for militia and fencibles ; and 210,000k for their contingencies, &c. 107.137k ns. 6d. for militia cloathing. 2.80,0481. 8s. 3d. for fencible cavalry. 8o,oool. for bread allowance, See. to fencible cavalry 495.655I. for 18,000 Hanoverians. 333,1531. for troops of the landgrave of Hefie Caflel. 76,0761. for troops of the landgrave of HefTe Darmftadt. 92,1421. for troops of the duke of Brunfwick 427,269k is. 6d. for French emigrant regiments. 23,806k ns. 5d. for augmentations to the militia in 1794* 246,877k 15s. for corps transferred from the Irifh to the British dtablilh-mentin 1794.  149,856!  15s.  id. for Chelfea Hofpitak 68,850k 12s. od.

iq. for extraordinaric-s of Heffians employed in America. 3,063,968k i2S. 4-d. for extraordinaries of land forces in 1794.  27,500k  for  prepara-

tion for the marriage of the Prince of Wales. 25,000k for completing Carlton Houfe. 2,000,000k for discharging exchequer bills made out under 34 Geo. 3. c. 28.  1,500,000k  for  difeharging  further exchequer

bills, made out under 34. Geo. 3. c. 29.  2,500,000k  for difeharging ex-

chequer bills made out under 34 Geo. 3. c. 62. 47,649k is. 5c!. issued pursuant to addrefTes of the house of commons. 7,175k for the civil efta-blifhment of Upper Canada, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 31, 1795. 4,415k for the like at Nova Scotia, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 31, 1795.  4,550k  for the

like of New Brunfwick in America, from June 24, 1795, to June 24,

1796.  1,900k for the like at the island of Saint John in America, from

Jan. 1, to Dec. 31, 1795. 1,800k for the like of the illand of Cape Breton in America, from June 24, 1795, to June 24, 1796.  1,232k 10s. for the

like of the island of Newfoundland, from April 1, 1795, to April 1, 1796. 4,050k for the like of the Bahama Iflands, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 31, 1795. 580k for the salary of the chief jullice of the Bermuda, or Somers Iflands, from June 24, 1795, to June 24, 1796. 6ool. for the salary of the chief justice oftheifland of Dominica, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 31, 1795. 5,241k for the civil eftablilhment of New South Wales, from OCk 10, 1794, to Oct. 10, 1795. 20,000k for forts in Africa. 4,069k 2s. to James Willis, efq. for forming an establishment in Africa. 4,500k for roads and bridges in the Highlands of Scotland. 5,682!. 2s. 4d. for extraordinary expences of the mint to July 27, 1794*  1,386k 2s. 6d. for the like, to

Dec. 31, 1794.  204,549k  6s.  id.  for part of orders made out purfuant

to 28 Geo. 3. c. 40. refpeCting the American loyalifts. 55,091k 17s. 6d. for the like pursuant to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34. 4,794k 6s. 6d. for expences of the trial of WarrenHaflings, efq. 6,958k 8s. 4^. for provi(ions, &c sent to New South Wales. 11,463k 13s. 8d. to Duncan Campbell, efq. for convicts on the river Thames. 15,440k 5s. nd. 2q. to James Bradley,1 efq. for conviCts in Langfton and Portsmouth harbours. 24,500k for American Sufferers. 1,059k 14s. for French proprietors of the island of Saint Domingo. 98,410k for the suffering clergy and laity of France. 37,500k for the like and former officers of the marine. See. 24,335k 18s. for his Majesty’s service abroad, from Jan. 5, 1794, to Jan. 5, 1795.  468I. 16s.

id. for fees on efeheats, &c. in Nova Scotia, 1,089k 6s. 2d. for expences occalioned by the alien aCt. 869k 19s. for the index to the lords* journals. 2,8231.10s. 5d. for deflgns of penitentiary houfes, See. 3,000k to the board of agriculture. 200,000k towards the reduction of the national debt. 41,688k 14s. 6d. 3q. to the representatives of Richard Ofwald, efq. 525k 16s. 8d advanced by Mr. Marfh towards the lottery, 1794.  1,500k for the Veterinary College. 848,915k 4s. 2d. 3q. to complete the sum granted out of the consolidated fund for 1794.  744,057k

11  s. id. for deficiency of grants in 1794. Supplies to be applied for the purposes before mentioned only. Rules to be observed in the application of the Sum granted for half-pay. By 34 Geo. 3. c. 49. 146,843k 10s. iod. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1794. The overplus of which sum may be disposed of to officers maimed, See. as his Majesty shall direct.

CAP.

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 121.  431

CAP. CXXI.

An at1 to explain and amend an aft, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majefly, intituled, An aft to amend an aft, made in the last section of parliament, intituled, 4 An aft c for the encouragement of feamen, and the more speedy and 4 effectual manning his Majesty’s navy / and for making further provisions for those purposes ; and also an aft, made in the twenty-firft year of the reign of his present Majefly, intituled.,

An aft for the encouragement of feamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s navy ; and for the better encouragement offeamen for his Majefly7 s navy.—-[June 26,1795. J

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, pa fed in the nineteenth Preamble.

year of the reign of his present Majejly, intituled, An aft 19 Geo. 3-for the encouragement of feamen, and the more speedy andeffec- c» tual manning his Majesty’s navy, the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers, on board every Jhip and vessel of war in his Majefly7 s pay, are entitled to the foie inter-ejl and property of and in all and every Jhip, veffel, goods,  mer-

chandizes, which they had taken since the twenty-ninth day of July thousandfeven hundred andfeventy-eight, or should thereafter take during the continuance of hostilities against France, (being first adjudged lawful prize), to be divided in such proportions and manner as in his Majefly s proclamation therein mentioned was dire ft ed, or as his Majefly, his heirs andfucceffors, Jhould dire ft, by proclamation or proclamations thereafter to be iffued, and divers provifions, directions, and regulations, were thereby enacted for the better carrying the purposes of the said aft into execution : and whereas in and by another aft, made and passed in the twentieth year of his present Majefly7s reign, intkuled. An aft to amend an aft, made in the last section of par-liament, intituled, c An aft for the encouragement of feamen, and ^

4 the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s navy and for making further provisions for those purposes ; and in and by another aft, made and passed in the twenty-firfl year of his present Majefly7 s reign, intituled. An aft for the encouragement of feamen, and 21 Geo. 3. the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s navy, certain c* recited. provisions tvere made for the distribution and payment of prize and bounty money, to arise from Spanifli and Dutch ships and veflfels to be captured by such ships and veflfels as Jhould be commijfioned by letters of marque, but no sufficient provisions or regulations were contained in the two lafl mentioned afts respecting such Spanifli and Dutch ships and vessels as Jhould be captured by his Majefly7s ships and veflfels of war, in like manner as hath been usually done in other cafes of the like kind in former afts ofparliament: be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Provifions of all the provisions and regulations in the laid two last mentioned two kft afts shall be deemed and taken to extend to all such Spani/h and extend toSpa-

Dutch nilh and Dutch

 CjOO^Ic

43 2

prizes made during the hostilities therein mentioned.

Oath of having paid monies claimed by the governors of Greenwich hofpital, previous to pairing this a&, to be proof.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 121. [1795*

Dutch prizes as were made by any of his Majesty’s {hips and vessels of war, during the hostilities mentioned in the said two last mentioned adds refpedivelv, as fully, amply, and effedually, to all intents and purposes whatfoever, as if such provisions and regulations had been therein and thereby expressly applied to such Spanifb and Dutch prizes fo captured by any of his Majesty’s {flips and vessels of war as aforesaid, and that no lapse of time {hall incur or be pleadable in bar of the demands which may hereafter be made by the commissioners and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent, under and by virtue of the said ads as hereby amended, but from the pailing of this ad of parliament.

II.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in cafe any demand (hall be made by the said commissioners and governors against any persons or person for cr in respect of any money which shall be claimed by the said commissioners and governors as vested in them by virtue of this ad, and any question shall arise whether any sums or sum of money demanded in such fuit have or has been paid previous to the passing of this ad to any persons or person entitled or claiming to be entitled to receive the fame, it (hall be lawful for the persons or perfon, against whom any such demand shall be made, to discharge themfelves, himfeif, or herfelf, thereof, by their, his, or her oath, declaring that such sums or sum of money had been fo paid to the knowledge or belief of such persons or person without producing other proof of actual payment thereof.

III.  Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That if any person appointed an agent for any prize money under the said recited ads refpedively, or the representatives of any such perfon,

paid over mo- shall appear to have fairly and bona fide paid over, before the first nies before day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, any money in his, her, or their hands, arising from such prize money, to any other persons or person duly appointed to be agents or agent, jointly or feverally, for the fame prize money, such persons or person who (hall have fo paid over such money, his, her, or their, executors or adminiftrators, {hall not by virtue of this , ad be made liable to any demands of the said commissioners and governors in respect of any money fo paid over as aforefaid.

Where injury IV. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That if any in-would arise ;ury WOuld arise to any persons or person against whom any notnhavir?andS demand shall be made by virtue of this ad, if such demand ffiould been sooner be enforced in the whole or in part by reason of the length of time elapsed since the passing of the said recited ads, which injury might not have arisen if such demands had been sooner made, it ffiall be lawful for such persons or person to give in evidence in any fuit any matters tending to shew such injury, and fo much only {hall be recovered against such persons or person as in justice and equity, under all the circumstances of the cafe, ought to be recovered.

Demands may y# Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That if any per-

mlfe^orre- ^ons or Perfon against whom any demand {hall be made by virtue

ferredtoar-

bitration.

Agents for prize money under recited a<5ts having

May 1, 1795 not liable to demands of Greenwich hofpital.

made, it may be given in evidence.

T795-] Anno regni tricesimoquintoGEORGilIII.c. 122-—124. 433

of this shall be desirous of compromising the fame with the laid com mi (boners and governors, or of referring the confidera-tion thereof to arbitration, it (hall be lawful for the said commif-fioners and governors to compromise the fame, in such manner as they shall deem reafonable, all circumstances conildered, or to refer the consideration thereof to arbitration, and to authorise the arbitrator or arbitrators to be named for that purpose, to make  ,  *

all such allowances as may be reasonable in refpedf of the length of time which has elapsed since the pa (ling of the said recited a6fs, and all circumstances attending the affairs of the several persons againff whom or against whose representatives such demands may be made.

CAP. CXXIT.  !

An aff to enable his Majesty, under certain regulations, to ered independent burghs of barony in that part of Gre-t Britain called Scotland; and for removing certain difficulties as to the granting of leases in towns and villages on the fifiiing coasts of that kingdom.—[June a6, 1795.]

CAP. CXX1IL

An ad for the paore easy and expeditious recovery of small debts, and determining lmall caufes, arising out of personal contract or obligation, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.—[June 26, 1795.]

CAP. CXXIV.

An acl to enable woolcornbers to exercise trades in any town or place in Great Britain.—[June 26, 1795.]

HER E AS the combing of wool forms a diflind and cun- Preamble. Jiderable branch of the woollen mamfudnre, in vjhich branch great numbers of indujlrious persons have bten educated and employed; and ivhereas from the great improvement of ;machinery the employment hitherto afforded to such persons and their families is likely to be much diminifhed: and jvhereas many of the?n would willingly employ themjelves in other branches of the woollen manufacture, or in such trades as they are, or may become, apt or able to follow and ?nake use of for the getting their living by their own labour, but are, or may be, hindered from exereijing those trades in certain cities and corporations, and other places, within this kingdom, because of certain byelaws and cujloms of those places, or of the jlatute, made in the fifth year of'Afueen Elizabeth, prohibiting the use of certain trades to any person who hath not firved as an apprentice to such trade for the [pace offeven years \ for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the King's mold excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this .prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Wedcomb*

all fuen persons who have served an apprenticeship to the art. frs’.f.nci their

nr  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  .  ,  :  famdies, may

myitery, or trade, of a wooicomber, or who are, by law, entitled fet Up trade in

to use and exercise the fame, and also the wives and children of anyplace;

fuch woolcornbers, may fet up and exercise such trade, or any

other trade or buftnefs which they are apt and able for* in any .

Vol.XL.  Ff  town

434 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C.J24. [1795.

town or place within this kingdom, without any let, fuit, or mo-leftation, of any person or persons whatfoever, for or by reason of nor shall they the iifing of such trade; nor (hall such woolcombers, or their

until they be come charge able.

Perfons fued, proving their apprenticefhip. &c. to be found not guilty.

. .... ____n .. ___________ ,  nor

wives or children, during the time they shall exercise such trades, be removeable from such respective place or places to his, her, or their, last legal place of fettlement, by virtue of any law now in being relative to the settlement of the poor, until such person or persons shall became actually chargeable to such parish or place; and if any such woolcomber, or the wife or child of any iuch woolcomber, (hall be fued, impleaded, or indicted, in any court whatsoever within this kingdom, for using or exerciling any such trades as a fore fa id, then the laid woolcomber, or the wife or child of any such woolcomber, making it appear to the fame court where they are fo fued. impleaded, or indicated, that they have served a legal apprenticeship to the said trade of a woolcomber, as aforesaid, or that he, file, or they, is or are the wife or wives, child or children, of such woolcomber or woolcombers who shall have fo served a legal apprenticeship as aforesaid, fhall, upon the general issue pleaded, be found not guilty, in any plaint, bill, information, or indictment, exhibited againff them ; and such persons who, notwithstanding this a6I, {hall prosecute the said fuit by bill, plaint, information, or indictment, and fnall have a verdict pass againff: him, or become nonsuit therein, or difeon-tinue their said fuit, such person or persons shall pay" unto such woolcomber, or the wife or child of such woolcomber refpeeftive-ly, double costs of fuit; to be recovered as any other costs at common law may be recovered ; and all judges and juries before whom any such fuit, information, or indictment, {hall be brought, and all other persons whatfoever, are to take notice of this pre-fent a<5t, and shall conform themselves thereto ; any ftatute, law, ordinance, cuftom, or provifion, to the contrary in any wife not withftanding.

II. A-nd be it further enabled bv the authority aforefaid. That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more justices of the peace for the county, town, or place, where any such woolcomber, or his wife or child, shall fet up and exercise any trade as aforesaid, to cause him or her to be summoned before them in the town or place where he or (he {hall fet up and exercise such trade as aforesaid, in order to make oath of the place of his or her last legal fettlement, (which oath the said justices are hereby empowered to adminifter), and such woolcomber, or his wife or child, is hereby directed to obey such fummons, and to make oath accordingly; and such justices are/hereby required to give an attested copy of such affidavit fo made before them to the person making the fame* m order that he or she may produce it when required ; which attested copy fhall, at any time, be admitted as evidence as to such last legal fettlement, before any of his Ma-jefty’s justices of the peace at any general or quarter sessions of the peace: provided always, that in cafe any such woolcomber, or his wife or child, shall again be summoned to make oath as aforesaid, then, on such attested copy of the oath by him or her

5  formerly

Double cofts.

Judges, See. to notice this a<5t.

Juftices may summon woolcombers to make oath of their legal fettlement.

Copy of affidavit to be given, which shall be evidence, Sec.

435

17 9 5 * ] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georg it III, c. 125*

formerly taken being produced by him or her, or by any other person on his behalf, such woolcomber, or his wife or child, (hall not be obliged to take any other or further oath with regard to his or her legal fettle men t, but ill a JI leave a copy of such attested copy of his or her examination, if required.

III.  Provided always, That this a (SI shall not in anywise be Adi not to

prejudicial to the privileges of the universities of Cambridge and prejudice the 1 j  i  o  °  univeiiities

Oxford, or either of them ; or extend to give liberty to any person to fet up the trade of a vintner, or to fell any wine or other liquors within the said universities without licence first had and obtained from the vice chancellor of the fame refpedtively.

CAP. CXXV.

An a At for preventing the accumulation of debts by any future heir apparent of the crown, and for regulating the mode of expenditure from the time when a separate eflablijhment shall be made for such future heir apparent.—[June 26, 1795.]

H E R E A S it is expedient to eflaklift a regular course of pay- Preamble. rnent of all jujl demands which may be hereafter made upon any future heir apparent of the crown, for any debt to be incurred\ and that the accumulation of debt may be prevented: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the Xing’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That, from and after the time that a separate establishment shall When-a fepJibe made' for any such future heir apparent, the principal officer  be*

or officers of such heir apparent fhall, within fourteen days after m^e for any such establishment shall be made, prepare and make out, for the future heir approbation of such heir apparent, a plan of his establishment in apparent, his diftinbt departments and daffies, and in such order as such officer or officers shall think fit and expedient, together with a plan of out a plan of the idaries and payments of each clafs, and of each individual eftablifhment, office therein ; and shall also prepare and make out an estimate &c. of the annual expences of each diitinct department in such efta-blifliment, one copy of which plan and eftimate, after being approved of by such heir apparent, shall be forthwith lodged with the commissioners of his Majesty’s treafury, and another in the office of the treafurer, or such principal officer or officers for the time being as shall be appointed by such heir apparent, and another with the clerks of the two houses of parliament respectively : and that, from and after the first quarterly day for the payment of All difburfe-the revenue i'o eilablifhed as aforesaid, all disbursements which ments from shall be made out of such revenues for any of the purposes afore- toV^madeb -faid, shall be made by such treasurer or principal officer or offi- the treafurer‘ cers in the order fpecihed in such plan and eftimate, and no for which he other; for which diiburfements to be made in the order fo lpe- shall be re-cified, such treasurer or piincipal officer or officers for the time *P0Ilhble. being (hall be responsible and liable to anfvver the damages to the F F2  party

altered.

Treasurer to cause p ay-mem s to be entered in a book, which his Majesty’s treasury are to infpedt.

43^ Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 125. [1795*

Plan may be party grieved : provided neverthelefs, that if it (hall at any time be necellafv or expedient to alter the laid plan of eftabli(lament or estimate of expences as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such principal officer or officers,^ being directed fo to do by such heir apparent, to (late such alteration as may be thought necessary to be made therein ; and if the fame (hall be approved of by such heir apparent, such alteration, fo made in such plan of ell abb foment or estimate of expences, (hall be lodged as is herein-before mentioned; and that upon any encrease being made to the said separate establishment of such heir apparent, the said treasurer or principal officer shall prepare and make out, for the approbation of such heir apparent, a new plan and estimate in manner herein-before diredded ; and the several clauses and pro-vifions herein contained shall from thenceforth apply to such new plan and eftimate.

II.  And be it further enacled, That such treasurer or principal officer or officers for the time being, shall cause a book or books to be kept, in which all payments for any of the purposes aforesaid shall be duly entered in the order and course of payment, with the day, month, and year, of paying the fame ; and it shall be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury for the time being, from time to time, (and they are hereby required fo to do once at least in every year), to demand an infpecfion of such book or books, or any copy or copies of the fame, or any part thereof, and the said treafurer, or principal officer or officers, is ansi are hereby 'required to pay obedience to the orders of the said commissioners for that purpose,

III.  And be it further enacted, That such treasurer or principal officer or officers for the time being,' fhall, within fourteen days after the expiration of every- quarter of a year, cause to be prepared and made out a just and exacft account of all the ex-

which he is to pences incurred within the preceding quarter of a year, and every figrn me an such account shall contain and fet forth the several sums paid, and the several demands made, and then outftanding, on account of the expences of each department within the said quarter; and the said treasurer or principal officer or officers (hall, and he or they is and are hereby required to examine and audit the said accounts, with the vouchers relative to the fame, and to sign his or their approbation of the fame, or of such part or parts thereof as he or they shall approve : provided that the amount thereof shall not be disproportionate to or exceed the respective plans and efti-mates as herein-before is directed,

IV.  And be it further ena&ed, That, upon the settlement quarterly account as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for

the said treasurer or principal officer or officers being thereunto authorised by warrant or warrants under the privy leal of such heir apparent, to pay, in the order and course fettled as aforesaid, the sums of money specified in such accounts, as the quarterly expence incurred as aforesaid, to the refpe£live persons to whom such heir apparent shall be debited in such account* and the

faid

Treafurer to cause account of expences to be made out quarterly,

Treafurer, by warrant, may of puch pay the sums ipecified in quarterly accounts.

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 125.  437

faid treasurer or principal officer or officers shall pay the Tame accordingly.

V.  And be it further enadfed, That if any deficiency (hall

arife in the revenues of such heir apparent at the end of any qUarters shall quarter of a year, fo as to create an arrear ia the payment of any be uncharged, claims made against such heir apparent, and allowed as aforesaid, such arrears shall be carried to the account of the next quarter, and (except in the cafe where any arrears of a preceding quarter shall lilcewife be carried to the fame account) shall be placed therein first in order of payment, and shall be paid first in order, out of the fir ft monies payable on account of the next succeeding quarter : provided always, that no arrear of any of the (alaries or allowances made or to be made by such heir apparent, to any officer or officers whose duty it may be to carry this a61 into execution, or who may be concerned in the execution of the fame, shall be carried on beyond the term of one quarter after the quarter in which the fame shall have become due; and that no arrears of any fort fhall, on any account, or under any pretence, be carried on for more than two quarters of a year after the quarter when the fame shall accrue due; and thats if it shall happen that any arrears shall have been carried on for two quarters of a year, the fame shall be discharged and paid out of the funi due and payable in the quarter to which such arrear shall be carried, in preference to the arrear of the preceding quarter, and in preference to all demands that shall accrue in the quarter to which such arrear shall be fo carried ; and it shall not be lawful for any officer or officers of such heir apparent to audit, allow, or fettle, any account for the quarter to which such arrears of two quarters shall be carried, or t; ifTue any sum or sums of money for the payment or satisfaction of the claims of the quarter to which such arrear shall be carried, until the said arrears shall be fully paid and satisfied : provided alfo, that in cafe at the end of any quarter there shall be carried to the account of the fame the arrears of two quarters preceding, the arrears of the quarter immediately preceding shall be placed second in the order of payment, and shall be paid second in order next and immediately after the payment of the arrears of the quarter next but one preceding.

VI.  And be it further enadled, That if at the end of any Surplus at the quarter of a year any surplus shall remain of the said revenue> To belaid after paying and satisfying all debts and demands accrued during tjie ]^r apl such quarter, and all arrears of former quarters in each depart- parent, ment, such surplus shall and may be paid over to the privy purfe

of such heir apparent.

VII.  And be it further enabled, That every creditor of such Demands

heir apparent, whole demand (hall accrue after the firfib quarterly which shall day for the payment of the said revenue, shall deliver into the  ttr

office of the treafurer, or principal officer or officers of such heir quarterly day apparent for the time being, a particular in writing, containing of payment,to the nature and amount of such demand, and signed by him or her be delivered within ten days after the expiration of the quarter of a year in afferth^expi!

F F 3

which ration of the

438 Anno regni tricesimo quinto GeorgiiIII. c. 125. [1795.

quarter in  which iuch demand {hall accrue, in order that the fame may be

accriied16^  included in the preceding quarterly account, to be audited as

■xt \  ,. aforesaid ; and it (hall not be lawful for such treafurer, or prin-

rJodemandto .  , rc  rn  .  . ,  r  ,

be included in clPa* omcer or cmcers, to include in any such account, to be

account but audited as aforesaid, or to allow any debt or demand of what na-whathasac- ture or kind loever, which shall not have wholly accrued within the quarter of a year preceding such audit, other than the arrears preceding1 the bich preceding quarters as aforesaid, or which shall not be audit, nor presented to such proper officer within the time herein before any paid. limited, and according to the directions of this a£t; nor shall such treasurer or principal officer or officers, under any pretence or colour of authority whatever, iffiie, or eaufe to be ifTued, any sum of money for the purpose of paying, fatisfying, or difcbarg-ing, any debt or demand, or any part thereof, which shall not Demands not have accrued and be claimed as aforefaid; and if any person or limited^me Perbons, who shall have, or claim to have, any debt or demand to be barred| again# such heir apparent, on any account whatever, shall not, and securities after the hr# quarterly day for the payment of such revenue, de-ro*dUCk ^C^tS bver a particular in writing of the (aid debt or demand, to such 101 *°  proper officer within ten days after the expiration of the quarter

of a year in which such debt or demand was incurred, every huh debt or demand Avail be barred both at law and in equity : and all bonds, bills, notes, or other securities for money, given or made in consideration of any debt or demand, whereof the particulars, in writing, shall not be delivered according to the directions of this acl, shall be null and void to all intents and purpose?; Officer neg- and that if any officer of, or person employed by, such heir ap-l'ert dfm° ^ Parenb to whom the particulars of such debts or demands shall in quarter!^ be delivered, according to the directions of this aCt, (hall neglect accounts, liV or refuse to insert the fame in his account of the quarterly ex-ble to payment' pences incut red in the manner before directed, every such officer ottnem. shall be liable to pay the amount thereof in damages to the party

grieved.

be°br^TOnh°  VIII. And be it further enacted, That no aCtion or fuit, either

aJgainftUheir at ^aw °r *n  #*all  he  brought, commenced, or profecuted,

apparent for by any creditor again# such heir apparent in his own name, as any debt a party for the recovery of any debt or demand whatloever due, which fhallac- or claimed to be due, from such heir apparent, which shall accrue fi^quarterly a^"ter t^ie  quarterly  ^ay for the payment of such revenue,

day of pay-  nor upon any bond, bill, or note, nor upon any security given

inept.  for the securing any debt or demand due from such heir apparent,

but that all proceedings in any such action or fuit shall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

IX, And, in order that due provision may be made for the recovery ddtver^irf3 °f t^e Aift debts of such heir apparent, be it further enabled, That time limited, *n a^ ca#s where a demand shall he made, or a debt shall be creditors may claimed, which demand or debt shall have wholly accrued after iue within ^ the said fir# quarterly day for the payment of such revenue, and deliverS Wlt^‘n the'quarter preceding such claim or demand, and the par-ticulars thereof shall have been delivered to such proper officer within (he time herein-before limited, and the fame shall not be

paid.

x795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 125.  439

paid, it (hall be lawful for the creditor or creditors, at any ri ne within three calendar months after delivery of such particulars, but not afterwards, to sue and prosecute for the recovery of such debt or demand, in which action or fuit the treasurer or other Treafurer to principal officer or officers of such heir apparent, to whom the particulars of the demand {hall have been delivered, {hall be made defendant, and the like proceedings {hall be had in such action or fuit as if the treasurer or other principal officer or officers for the time being were the real party therein, save and except that notwithstanding the plaintiff may obtain judgement, no execution {hall ifiue against the person of the treasurer or other principal officer or officers for the time being, nor against his or their proper cffefts, but the judgement shall be a charge upon the funds Ju^?ement to of such heir apparent which shall be in, or come into, the hands upon the heir of such treasurer or other principal officer or officers within two apparent’s quarters after the quarter in which the debt or debts for which funds, such actions shall have been brought, and judgement obtained,

{hall have accrued; and such funds, whenever the fame shall be in the hands of such treafurer, or other principal officer or officers, {hall be liable to the payment of the debt or damages, and cofts, recovered in such action or fuit, in preference to all debts and demands, except such as shall have arisen in consequence of any prior judgement, which shall have been obtained as is herein before directed ; and a note or docket of every judgement fo obtained as aforesaid shall be entered by the creditor obtaining the said judgement in the office of the treasurer or other principal officer or officers of such heir apparent within ten days after signing the fame, in order to entitle him to the benefit

©f this aft.

X. And be it further enafted, That if any officer of the cfia- Officer neg-blifhment of such heir apparent, or other person intruded with  t0 P1 e-

the management of such revenues, shall neglect or refuse to pre- or' to apply * pare, make up, or tranfmit, any account or accounts, or to audit monies as fet-and investigate the fame, or to pay and apply the monies in his tied by this hands for that purpose in the order and course to be fettled and a?*. 01 established by virtue of this aft, or shall divert or misapply the ^c^l^ble^o fame, or any part thereof, contrary to the directions of this aft, damages, or shall wilfully omit to insert in his quarterly account the claim which may be or claims of any creditor or creditors delivered within the time cou^tYtWeft-allowed by this aft, or shall wilfully prepare, make up, or tranf- minilei\ mit, any false account, every such officer or.other person fo offending against this aft, in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall be liable to pay damages to the party grieved ; and that all penalties and damages incurred by any person or per-fons by virtue of this aft, shall and may be sued for, profecuted, and recovered, by aft ion of debt, or on the cafe, -in any of his Majesty’s courts at Weftminjier, with full costs of fuit, in which no effoin, proteftion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

CAP.

F F 4

44° Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

C. A P. CXXVI.

An a5l for widening and improving the entrance into the city 0/" London near Temp e Bar \ for making a more commodious jireet, or pafjage, at Snow Hill ; and for raiftng, on the credit of the orphans fund, a sum of money for those purposes.—[June 26, 1795*]

Preamble. 117 HER E A S the entrance into the city of London, at and to ▼ V the wefiward 0/" Temple Bar, in the payifo of Saint Clement Danes, in the county of Middlelex, being the principal avenue for carriages from Wellrninftcr into the said city : and also the jireet called Snow Hi!!, in the farifl) of Saint Sepulchre, in the faidcity or the liberties thereof bang the principal avenue for carriages into, or through, the said city from the. new Jquares and buildings on the nortb-zuefl thereof \ are too narrow and incommodious for the pajfmg and re-paffmgi as well of foot pajjengers as of coaches, carts, and other carriages, to the prejudice and inconvenience of the owners and inhabitants of houses in and near the fame, to the great interruption of bufmefs, and to the endangering of the lives of many of his Majeffs fubjebls: and whereas fuel? inconveniences might be removed, if the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the said city, in common council ajfembled, were enabled to widen and improve the jlrccts or passages at and to the wejlward of Temple Bar a for faid, ancI from the bottom of Holborn Hill to the east end of Snow Hill a for efaid, and for those purposes (if necessary or expedient) to take down, and rebuild in a different po-jition, the parish church of Saint Clement Danes, and also the alms houses at the east end thereof, and the vejlry room and court honfe over the said alms houfes, in the county aforesaid, and to pur chafe such houfes, buildings, and ground, as may be- necessary for those purpojes ; but such improvements cannot be effected without the aid and authority of parliament: therefore* upon the petition of the mayor, aider-men, and commons, of the city of London, in common council affembled, may it pieafe your Majesty, that it may be enabled, and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the Common authority of the fame, That the mayor, aldermen, and commons, C owe red To  £'le Clty London, in common council affembled, (hall be, and

widen the they are hereby empowered to defign, lay out, open, and make, piff.ige at a spacious and convenient ftreet, way, or palfage, from Temple Temple Bar,  aforesaid,  to  the  east  end,  and along the north fide, of the

a commodious PaT^ church of Saint Clement Danes aforesaid, home to the east street at Snow ends of IVych Street and Holywell Street, by erecting and building. Hill; and to or enufing to be eretfted and built, dwelling houses or other ereit dwelling buildings, fo as to form a straight line from the north end of otTeTbuild- Temple Bar aforesaid to the north east corner of IVych Street afore-jng*s upon the faid, and by taking down all the houses and buildings (except the ground to be said parish church of Saint Clement Danes, but which may never-purehufed:  thelefs be taken down and rebuilt as herein-after mentioned), be-

tween such straight line and the south fide of the Strand, and to

leave

1795• ] Anno regni tricesimo quinto -Georgii III. c. 126.  441

leave the ground now covered therewith open, for the purpose of making a large and commodious street or passage for the accommodation of the publick; and also to defign, lay out, open, and make a commodious ftreet, way, or paffage, from the call; end of Snow Hill aforesaid to the bottom of Holborn HiU aforesaid ; and to erect and build, or cause to be eredfed and built, such dwelling houfes, and other buildings, as they '{hail think proper, upon such part of the ground to be purchased by virtue and under the authority of this aeft, at or near Snow Hill aforesaid, or such part or parts thereof as (hall not be neceftary for the ftreet, way, or pafihge, intended to be made there as aforefaid.

II. And be it further enadted, That if the said mayor, alder- also to take men, and commons, in common council aftembled, {hall think it  re

neceftary or expedient, for the purpose of widening and improv- church of St. ing the street or passage on the south fide of the said parifti church clement of Saint Clement Danes, to take down the said parifti church and Danes, rebuild it in a different pofition, then, and in such cafe, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aftembled, shall be, and they are hereby enabled to take down the said parifti church of Saint Clement Danes: and in cafe the said parish church fthould be taken down by the authority of this act, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council alfembled, are hereby directed and required to erect, or cause to be eredted, another church, in a good and workmanlike manner, of the fame ftyle, form, and dimenfions, as the present parifti church is of, with the present materials fo far as they are found and good, and with new materials of the like qualities and dimensions to supply the deficiencies ; and to build, or cause to be built, under the said new church, the like number of vaults for the burial of the dead, and of as large dimensions at least as the vaults which are under the present parish church, and to place the said new church as near as conveniently can be to the ftte whereon the said parish church now7 ftands, and to place and fix, in a good and workmanlike manner, galleries and pews in the said new church, of the fame form, ftrudture, and dimenfions, and of as good materials in every refpedt, as the galleries and pews which are now placed and fixed in the present parifti church ; and also to hang, put up, and fix, in the like good and workmanlike manner, in the said new church, the bells, the organ, organ cafe, and all other the fixtures, furniture, and appurtenances, of and belonging to the present parifti church, in like lltuations, manner, and form, as the fame are now fixed and placed respectively therein; and also to provide, make, and fix, a sufficient iron railing at a convenient distance from and round the said new church to be built as aforesaid, with a footway of a sufficient width on the outside of the railing next the street or carriage-way: pro- Except the * vided always, that if the laid parifti church shall be taken down ftepsmi the under the authority of this adt, the said mayor, aldermen, and south fide commons, in common council afiembled, shall not be fubjedh or thereof, liable to rebuild the portico and steps on the south fide of the said church: provided further, that, if the said parifti church ftiall be The church

taken t0 ^ rebu.lt

44*

in four years after it is begun to be taken down.

Anno regni tricesimo qtnnto Georgii III. c. 126, [1795.

taken down as aforesaid, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, are hereby directed and required to begin to take down the lame within the space of five years from and after the palling of this add, and to complete and finish the new church to be built as aforesaid, fo that it may be in a fit and proper condition for the celebration of divine fer- r vice, within the space of four years, to be computed from the day on which the workmen employed by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, fha!l begin to take down any part of the present parish church.

For preferring II. And be it further enaeded, That, in taking down the said the graves,^ church, and removing the materials thereof, the graves shall be and^monu- * as dildurbed, and as little damage shall be done to the grave merits, in Saint ftones, monuments, and monumental inferiptions, in and about

Clements chur/.h and church yard.

the said church, as reasonably may be; and that such monuments and monumental inferiptions as shall be necessarily removed on account thereof shall be fixed, at the expence of the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the laid city of London, in the new church or church yard as the fame are respectively now placed, and in such part or parts of the said new church or church yard as shall be most fit ;* and that there shall be inclofed, within a new church yard to be made pursuant to this act, as nearly as may be, the fame quantity of ground at lead, fit and convenient for the burial of the dead as the old church yard contains: provided always, that, during such time as the said new church yard or vaults shall be rebuilding, altering, or repairing, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the relations and friends of any person or persons whose corpse or corpses shall have been interred or deposited in the present church yard, or in the present church, or vaults under the fame, with the consent of the rector and churchwardens of the laid parish for the time being, or the major part of them, to remove such corpse or corpses to any other place or places fet apart for the burial of the dead; and, if they shall think fit, to bring back the fame, and deposit them in the said new church yard, or in the said new church, or in the vaults under the fame, as soon as the said church yard, church, and vaults, shall have been built as aforesaid, and made fit for the burial of the dead, any law, ecclesiastical canon, or ufage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding ; and such corpses as shall not be removed as aforesaid from the vaults under the present church fhall, at the expence of the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, out of the fund to be raified by virtue of this a6I, and as soon as conveniently may be after the said new vaults shall have been built as aforesaid, and made fit for the burial of the dead, be taken out of the old vaults and placed in the said new vaults, except the bodies in such vaults as shall be finally closed up.

Dire&ing that IV. And be it further enacted, That, during the time of tak-fervfces^fliall *nS ^own t^le church of Saint Clement Danes, and until the (duringthe said new church shall have been built and made fit and opened rebuilding of for the celebration of divine fervico, it shall and may be lawful

1795*1 Anno regni iricefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126.  443

for the redfor of the said parish for the time being, his curate, or Saint Cle-

fotne minister duly authorised in that behalf, and they are hereby ,mentschurch) -  ,  ,  J  1  .  c  r  u  1  ‘  J  be performed

required, in the morning and evening or every Gord s day com- j^y0ns jnn

monly called Sunday, and in the morning and evening of Chrift- Hall; and that mas Day and Good Friday, to read, in Lyon's Inn Hall, or any the hall shall other hall or place within the said parish that (hall be approved of a^° be used by the lord bishop of London, (his consent and the consent of the voom^nd owners of such hall or place being first obtained), the prayers court house preferibed in the book of common prayer and publick liturgy of for the duchy the church of England; and, after reading of the prayers as afore- ot Lancafter. faid, to preach a fennon in the said hall, or other place fo to be appointed, in the morning and evening of the several days before mentioned ; and also to read prayers in the said hall, or other place, in the morning on every JVednefday and Friday in the week; and the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afTembled, are hereby required to give notice, in writing, to the said redftor and churchwardens for the time being, two calendar months at least before they begin to take down any part of the said parish church ; and, before the expiration of the said two calendar months, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afTembled, are hereby directed and required, out of the fund to be raised by virtue of this a£f, to prepare, fit up, and put the said hall, or other place, into such a state and condition as is proper and convenient for receiving such of the inhabitants of the said parish as shall repair thereto for the hearing of divine service as is herein-before directed to be performed: and it is hereby declared, that, until the said new church shall be made fit and convenient, and also opened for the celebration of divine fervice, the said re£tor for the time being, his curate or some minister duly authorised in that behalf, shall continue, and they are hereby required to continue, to perform divine service as is herein-before directed in the said hall, or other place fo to be appointed, according to the form and manner fet forth in the said book of common prayer; and, in the said hall or place, from time to time, to publish the banns of marriage, to solemnize marriages, to administer the publick baptism of children, or of per-fons of riper years, to church women, to read the service for the burial of the dead, and to perform and adminifter, in the said hall or other place, all and any other duties, fervices, and offices, preferibed by the said book of common prayer; and it is hereby also declared, that all banns of marriage fo publifhed, and all marriages fo folemnized, (hall be as good and valid, to all intents and purposes whatfoever, as if the fame had been published or solemnized in the present church of Saint Clement Danes, any law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding; and that all fees and perquifites, due and payable for or on account of such publication of the banns of marriage, solemnization of marriages, administering of baptifm, churching of women, burying the dead, or for performing any other office preferibed by the said book of common prayer, (hall belong to and be paid to the reclor, parish clerk, fexton, and other officers belonging to the

faid

444 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

faid parish of Saint Clement Danes, in such and the fame manner and proportions, to all intents and purposes, as if such banns of marriage, marriages,baptiffns, churchings,burials, and any otherfervice or office prescribed by the said book of common prayer, had been pubiifhed, foletrmized, adminiftered, and performed, in the said parish church of Saint Clement Danes; and that the compensation to be paid for the use of such hall or other place (hall, during and until such time as the said church (hall be fit and complete for the performance of divine fervice, and all other rites and ceremo** nies, be borne and paid by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afTembled, out of the said fund to be jaifed by virtue of this aft; and that such hall or other place, fo to be approved of as aforesaid, may be also used for the holding of veflries and all other parochial or other purposes directed by any (latute or law now in being, as also for holding the courts of the duchy of Lancajler \ and the fame (hall be, and is hereby declared to be, within the said duchy, for all and every the purposes that the rooms now used for such purposes are ufed, and (hall have the fame force and efFeft, any law, (latute, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

V. And whereas, for carrying the purposes of this a51 into execution, it may be necejfary to take down, at the ea/l end of Saint Clement’s church yard, the vejlry rooms and alms houses of and belonging to the said parish of Saint Clement Danes, and which vejlry rooms are also ujed as court rooms by the duchy of Lan-cafler; and the fame, if fo taken down, ought to be rebuilt in some other convenient part of the said parish \ be it therefore enabled, That in cafe the said buildings called and used as the now vestry rooms of the said parifh, and alms houfes, be pulled down for the purposes aforesaid, that then the said mayor, aldermen* and commons, in common council afTembled, (hall and will, out of the monies to be received by virtue of this aft, upon some part of the ground which (hall become veiled in them by virtue of this aft, or to be provided for the purpose, as (hall and may be mod fit and convenient, and as near as conveniently may be to the said parish church, ereft, build, complete, and finifh, a new and sufficient building or buildings, of not less dimensions than the present buildings, to be for ever then after used as vestry rooms and alms houses for the said parifh, and for court rooms for the said duchy of Lancajler, in such and the like fort and manner as the now vedry rooms and alms houses of the said parish are and have been ufed; and to be thereafter fudained and kept in repair by the said parish and duchy in like manner as the said vedry rooms and alms houses now are, fo that the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afTembled, (hall not thereafter be liable or chargeable thereto.

VI.  And be it further enabled, That any such alterations may be made, in the building the said parish church, veftry, and court rooms, and other publick buildings, as (hall be agreed upon by and between the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afTembled, and the inhabitants of the said parish of

Saint

For re-building the vestry room and alms houses and duchy of Lancafter court room.

Alterations may be made in the church and other buildings by mutual content.

445

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126

Saint Clement Danes, in vestry alTembled; provided that the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, be not put to any additional expence in or by fitch alterations.

VII.  And be it further enabled, That if the said buildings Declaringtlnt

fnall be ereCted in any part of the said parish of Saint Clementthe court Danes that (hall not be within the said duchy of Lancafler, such tndlTfo^the buildings, and the rooms therein to be used as court rooms, shall duchy of Lan-be, and the fame are hereby declared to be, within the said duchy, carter shall be for all and every the uses and purposes that the rooms now used deemed to be for such purposes are; and that all a6ls done therein shall have  C

and be of the fame force and effect as if done and transacted within the said duchy ; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.  And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be New streets lawful, to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in ^ovve common council aftembled, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to rail's or lower the ground of such intended ftreets,

ways, or paftages, fo to be made as aforesaid, or any part thereof, as they (hall judge neceffary.

IX.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in the Dirtftinghow defigning, laying out, opening, and making, such ftreets, ways,

or paftages, and in the erecting such dwelling houses and other anJ made.' buildings, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aftembled, shall and do, out of the monies to be received bv virtue of this add, in a substantial and workmanlike manner, fill in all and every the vaults, cellars and open places, over which it may be neceftary to new pave, with good, found, hard brick rubbifh, to be well rammed down every three or four inches thick, to prevent the ground from giving way ; and do and (hall make a large, handfome, and convenient way or padage on or over the ground to be laid into the streets or paftages by virtue hereof; and, out of such monies fo to be received, well and effectually pave over all the ground of the said new intended ftreets, ways, and paftages, with the materials of the present pavement as.far as they will extend, and with a fufHcient quantity of new materials of like quality and dimensions to supply the deficiency ; and shall and will, in like manner, out of such monies fo to be received, relay and repair all and every part of the ftreets, ways, and paftages, which they fhail disturb or alter in carrying the purposes of this a£I into execution : provided alfo, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aftembled, with repairing or making good such pavements or alterations in future; but that, from and after the fame (hall be fo paved, relaid, and repaired as aforesaid, the fame shall for ever after be kept in repair by and at the expence of the said parish of Saint Clement Danes.

X.  And whereas there is due to William Seager the sum of [even hundred and fifty pounds^with inter eft thereon, after the rale of four pounds ten /hillings per centum per annum ^fecured npon7 and'pay-able out of the additional paving rates in Butcher Row, and alfo

that

446 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

that part of Wych Street which leads from the end of the said p  .  Butcher  Row  to Holywell Street, which ought to be paid off or

the*payment fecure(l \ be it therefore further enacted, That the said mayor, of75ol. and aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, {hall, interest  until  the re-building of such dwelling houfes, or other -build-

the^aviUP°n  an<* unt1^ t^ie shall be occupied, be subject and liable

rates b^But- t0 t^e Payment to the said William Seager of his said debt of seven cherRovv,&c. hundred and fifty pounds; and {hall pay unto the said William Seager, his executors, adminiftrators, or afiigns, interest at and after the rate of four pounds ten {hillings for each one hundred pounds of the said sum of seven hundred and fifty pounds, out of the monies to be railed in pursuance of the authority given to the said mayor, aldermen, arid commons, in common council aftembled, by this act; and that when such dwelling houfes, or other buildings, to be ercdted in the said parish of Saint Clement Danes, {hall be fo completed in pursuance of this add, and be- , come occupied, the fame {half be charged and liable to the debt and interest of the said William Seager, and all other paving rates to be made and payable, in such and the like manner as the said places called The Butcher Row, and that part of Wych Street which leads from the end of the said Butcher Row to Holywell Street, have at any time heretofore been afteiTed and paid ; and from thenceforth the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aftembled, and the fund to be railed under and by virtue of this adt, shall be absolutely discharged from all payments and charges for or on account or in respect of the said debt and intereft.

XL And be it further enacted, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council alfembled, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to cause all sewers and drains, which shall lie and be in or near such intended ftreets, ways, or paftages, or either of them, or any part thereof, to be arched over, or filled up, as {hall appear neceftary for completing the laid intended improvements, fo as the fame {hall not in anywise obftrudl, injure, or prejudice, any publick fewer or drain whatsoever or any private drain, without making another drain, or fewer in lieu thereof, equally fer-viceable and convenient to the individual or neighbourhood.

XII.  Provided always, 1 hat, at the time of filling up any fewer or drain as aforesaid, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aftembled, {hall make, eredl, and build, other good and sufficient sewers and drains, of convenient depth and width ; and when the fame {hall he fo made and completed, the said respective sewers and drains {hall be under the jurifdidtion, care, management, and diredlion, of the com-miftioners appointed, or to be appointed, under or by virtue of any adt or adls of parliament, for the district or districts wherein such sewers or drains respectively shall be fituate.

XIII.  And be it further enadted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aftembled, to cause to be built upon, flopped up, or inclofed, any part or parts of the present ftreets, and any of the

p relent

Sewers and drains to be arched over or filled up.

Drains or sewers to be made, &c.

Common council empowered to build on, flop up, or incloie

'

1795-1 Annoregni tricefunoquinto Georgii III. c. 126.  447

prefent court?, alleys, ways,or pafTages, and any void ground ad- Parts °t

joining to the (aid intended ftreets, and which now are, or here- lLlect:,> a o  rr  1  ,  alio  courts,

tofore were, uled as ways or paiiages, and any part or parts there-  See.

of which (hall appear to the (aid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, proper to be built upon, (topped up, or inclofed, for the purposes of carrying this add into execution ; and to fell and dispose of, or let, the ground and foil thereof to any person or perfons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, for such uses as they shall think proper, fo as the money arising by such sale or biles, or letting, be applied to the purposes of this acf; provided that the ways or pallages on the north fide of Butcher Row be not lessened in width at the Couth ends thereof.

XIV.  And be it further enacted, That it (hall and may be Common lawful to and for the fa id mayor, aldermen, and commons, in CQ^red to* common council aflembled, and they are hereby empowered, to piu-chafe treat and agree with the owners and occupiers thereof, and other houfes, land, persons interested therein, for the purchase of all the hotifes, build- &-•.tor ings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, not exceeding one

hundred feet in depth from the fronts thereof refpeclively, on the ' ‘  ,

north fide of the Strand, Butcher Row, and the ffreet or way called or known by the name of The Back of Saint Cle?nends> from the south weft corner of Shire Lane, to the east end of ITych Street aforesaid ; and all'o the three iftands of houses and buildings between the fame and the south fide ot the Strand, or fo many or such part or parts of such houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as they (hall think necessary to be pur-chafed, removed, or pulled down, for effecting the said improvements at, and to the westward of, Temple Bar aforesaid ; and alio to treat and agree with the owners and occupiers thereof, and other persons interested therein, for the purchase of all such houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as they (hall think necessary to be purchafed, removed, or pulled down, for effecting the said improvements at or near Snow Hill; and, after payment cf the sum or Turns of money which (hall be agreed upon or afeertained for such purchale or purchaies, the laid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, are hereby authorised to appoint their agents or workmen to puli down such houses and buildings, and remove, fell, or dispose of the materials thereof, and to lay out such lands refpecHvely into luch intended ftreets, ways, or pafTages, as aforesaid, or other-wife apply and dispose thereof for the purposes of this adf.

XV.  And be it further enadfed, That, if the said r mayor, For building aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, should til]e VCl^T think proper to build such new vestry rooms, alms houfes, at thew^ft and court rooms, or any or either of them, as before mentioned, end of the at the weft end of Saint CUments church yard aforesaid, then, and.church yard-in such cafe, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common

council aflembled, shall also be, and they are hereby empowered to treat and agree with the owners and occupiers thereof, and other persons interested therein, for the purchase of all the houfes,

buildings,



448 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Geopgii III. c. 126. [1795.

buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, on the weft end of the laid church yard, between the Strand and Holywell Street aforesaid, and on the north fide of the Strand from the fouth-weft corner of the laid church yard, and on the south fide of Holy-well Street, from the north-weft corner of the said church yard, in the several occupations of miss Curtis, master Hayes, mafe; Stilfox, master Lambert, master Flits, miss Wickens, and master Hobfon ; or such or fo many of the fame houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as they the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aftembled, shall deem ne-ceftary or expedient to be purchased ; and, after payment of the sum or sums of money which shall be agreed on or afeertained for such purchase or purchafes, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aftembled, are hereby authorised to appoint their agents or workmen to pull down such houses and buildings, and remove, lell, or dispose of, the materials thereof; and, upon the ground fo to be purchafed, or a fuin-cient part thereof, to build and finish one or more sufficient , building or buildings, lor such new vestry rooms, alms houfes, and court rooms, or any or either of them, as aforesaid, to be ufed, fuftained, and kept in repair, in such manner as is herein-before mentioned and directed concerning the fame; and to build, or cause to be built, upon such part of the fame ground which shall be fo purchased as shall not be wanted for the purposes last herein-before mentioned, such other houses or buildings as they shall think fit.

hTo person XVI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Id I*1 ^ar^of his Per^on or P^fons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, shall premifes^f 1S aPpPed to, by or on behalf of the said mayor, aldermen, willing  to fell  and commons, in common council aftembled,  to  treat for,  fell,

the whole.  dispose of, or convey, for any of the purposes  of  this aft,  any

part or parts of any houfe, building, land, tenement, or hereditament, in the actual occupation of one perfon, or of several per-fons jointly, and fhall, by notice in writing, to be left at the comptroller’s office in the Guildhall of the said city, within thirty days next after such application, figniry his, her, or their inclination or desire to treat for, fell, dispose of, and convey, the whole of such houfe, building, land, tenement, or hereditament, some part whereof shall be deemed neceftary  to  be purchafed

for the purposes of this aft; and it shall happen  that the  faid

mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aftembled, shall not think proper, or be willing, to purchase the whole of such houfe, building, land, tenement, or hereditament, then, and in every such cafe, nothing in this aft contained’fnall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel the several persons interested therein, to treat for, fell, dispose of, or convey part only, or less than the whole, of such houfe, building, land, tenement, or hereditament; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithftanding.

Power ofpur- XVII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That, if chafing limit- ^he said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council

aftembled,

I795*l Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III c. 1261  449

aflembled, (hall not, within the (pace of seven years next after eci tofeven palling this a61, agree for, or caufe^to be valued as herein-after years-mentioned, and purchase the houfes, buildings, lands, tenements*, and hereditaments, which they are hereby empowered to purchase as aforesaid ; then, and from thenceforth, ~the powers to them hereby granted for such purpose only shall ceafc, determine, and be utterly void and of no effect; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwitbftanding.

XVIII. And be it further ena£led, That it (hall and may be Bodies po-lawful to and for all bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, h^ck, &c* corporations aggregate or foie, trustees and feoffees in trust for ^her^eifons charitable or other ufes, and all other trustees and feoffees in trust empowered to v/hatfoever, guardians and committees for lunaticks and idiots, fell and con-executors, adrniniftrators, and guardians whatfoever, and not VGY lands, only for or on behalf of themfelves, their heirs and fucceffors, ^c’ but r.lfo for and on behalf of their Ccftuique trulls, whether infants or ilfue unborn, lunaticks, idiots, femes covert, or other persons whomfoever; and to and for all femes covert who are or shall be feifcd in their own right; and to and for all and every person and persons whomfoever, who are or shall be seised or pofTefTed of, or intefefted in, any houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which, by the said mayor, aldermen* and commons, in common council affembled, shall be thought necessary to be purchased for any of the purposes of this a£r, to fell, and convey, alfign, or furrender, all or any such houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any of them, or any part or parcel thereof, and all their respective interests therein, of what nature or kind foever, to the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or any person of persons in trust for them; and that all contracts, agreements* bargains, fales, conveyances, alignments, furrenders, and af-furances, which shall be made by such persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in the lav/, to all intents and purposes, not only to convey the estate conveying, but also to

ufe, truft, property, claim, and demand whatfoever, of their several and respective Cejluique trufts, whether infants or iftue unborn, lunaticks, idiots, femes covert, or other persons whomfoever, and all claiming, or to claim, by, from, or Under them, any law, ftatute, ufage, or any other matter or thing whatfoever, to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithstanding : and that all such persons fo conveying as aforesaid, or making such a flu ranees as aforesaid, lhall be, and are hereby indemnified for what they lhall do by virtue or in pursuance of this a£t, notwithstanding any omiilion, or mistake of matter or form whatfoever: and, if it shall happen that any bodies politick,

Corporate* or collegiate, or any other person or perfons, seised or poflelied of, or interested in, any such houfes, buildings, 0f mayor and lands, tenements, or hereditaments as aforesaid, shall refuse to aldermen to treat or agree, or by reason of disability cannot agree with the aQP^” said mayor,* aldermen* and commons, in common council aflem- paonellhigV Vql* XL#  G  Q  bled,juryj

and interest of the person and persons convey all right, eftare, intereft*

When parties refuse to irear* &c. the court



45° Anno regni tricsfimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

bled, or with any person or persons authorised by them, for the sale and conveyance of their refpe6Hve estates and interests therein, or shall not produce and evince a clear title to the premises they are in possession of, or to the interest they claim therein, to the satisfaction of the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, or of the person or persons fo authorised by them; then and in every such cafe it {hall and may be lawful to and for the coart of mayor and aldermen of the said city, to be holden in the outer chamber of,the Guildhall of the laid city according to the custom of the said city, and the said court are hereby empowered and authorifed, to issue a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, directed to the (herifFs of the city of London, or to the {heriff of the county of Middlefexy or high bailiff of JVeJhninJlcr, as the cafe shall require, who are, and each of them is, hereby authorifed, directed, and required, accordingly, to impannel, fummon, and return, a competent number of substantial and difmterefted persons qualified to ferv'e on juries, not less than forty eight nor more than feventy-two; who are to be and out of such persons fo to be impannelled, fummoned, and tl™ Geo^6 returnec^ a Jut7 twe^ve Tnen be drawn, by some person directs °* ** t0 ^y the court appointed, in such manner as juries for the trial of issues joined in his Majefly’s courts at Weflminfler are, by an a<5t made in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the better regulation of juries^ directed to be drawn ; which perfons, fo to be impannelled, fummoned, and returned, as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the laid court of mayor and aldermen, if the premises in dispute lie in the said city of London, at such time and place as in such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, shall be direCled and appointed ; and if the premises lie in the county of Middhfex, to come and appear before the juffices of the peace for the laid county of Middhfex., at some quarter or general sessions of the peace, to be holden in and for the said county, or some adjournment thereof, as in such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, shall be directed and appointed ; and if the premises lie in the liberty of JVefminfer, to come and appear before the justices of the peace for the city and liberty of JVcJhninfter, at some quarter sessions of the peace to be holden in and for the said city and liberty, or some adjournment thereof, as in such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, (hall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said courts refpedlively, from day to day, until discharged by the said jury may be courts refpedlively; and all parties concerned shall and may challenged. have their lawful challenges againfl: any of the said jurymen, but {hall not be at liberty to challenge the array : and the said court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices, reflectively, are hereby authorised and empowered, by preceptor precepts, from time to time, as occasion shall require, to call before them all and every person and persons whomfoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a witness or witnefles, on his, her, or their oath or oaths, touching or concerning the premises $ and 4  the

*795*] Anno regm tticefimo quinto Georgii III. c* 126.  451

the said court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices, refpedtwely, if they think fit, ftiall and may, on the application of either party, likewise authorise the said jury to view the place or places, or premifes, in queftion, in such manner as they £hail direct; and the said court of mayor and aldermen,4 or juftices, refpedtively, (hall have power to adjourn such meeting from day to day, as occasion shall require, and to command such jury, witnelfes, and parties, to attend, until all such affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury to assess jury upon their oaths (which oaths, as also the oaths of such per- *^value on fon or persons as shall be called upon to give evidence, the said court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices, refpedtively, are hereby empowered and required to adminifter) shall inquire of the value of such houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments* and of the proportionable value of the respective estates and interests of every person or persons seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any part thereof; and shall aftefs and award the sum or sums of money to be paid to such person or perfons, party or parties, refpedtively, for the purchase of such houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and of such respective estates and interests therein, and also for goodwill, improvements, or any injury or damage whatfoever, that may effect any such person or perfons, party or parties, either as leafeholder or tenant at will; and the said court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices, refpedtively, shall and may give judgement for such sum or sums of money fo to be assessed ; which said ver- Verdi# of the dict or verdidts, and the said judgement and judgements, deter-mination and determinations thereupon, (notice in writing being prevjous no. given to the person or persons interefted, or claiming fo to be, ticeto begivert at least fourteen days before the time of the meeting of the to parties said court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices, as aforesaid, re- interefted. fpedtively, and the jury, by leaving such notice at the dwelling house of such person or petfons, or at his, her, or their, usual place or places of abode, or with some tenant or occupier of some of the said houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, intended to be valued or aflefled), shall be binding and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatfoever, as well against the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, as . against all bodies politick, corporate, and collegiate, and all and every person and persons claiming any eftate, right, title, truft, ufe, or intereft, in, to, or out of, such houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and premifes, in pofteflion, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy, as well infants and issue unborn, lunaticks, idiots, and femes covert, and persons under any other legal incapacity or difability, as all other Gsftuique trufts, his, her, and their heirs, fucceflors, executors, and adininiftrators, and against all other persons whomfoever; and the said verdicts, judgements, and determinations, and all other proceedings of the said court of mayor and aldermen, and justices refpedtively, and juries, fo to be made, given, and pronounced, as aforesaid,

(hall be fairly written on parchment^ and signed by the town

G Q 2  clerk

Expences of juries provided for.

clerk of the said city, or the clerk of the peace of the said county* or the high bailiff of IVeJlminfter, for the timer being, as the cafe {ball be : and in cafe it shall fo happen, that the futn or sums of money, fo to be assessed and awarded, in consequence of such re-fufal to treat and agree as aforesaid, as the value of such houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or as such proportional value as aforesaid, and as the recompence and fatisfadfion to be made for the injury or damage fuftained, as before mentioned refpedlively, (hall not exceed the sum or sums of money, which the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aftembled, or any person or persons authorised by them, shall have previously offered to pay, as and for such value, recompence, and fatisfa<5lion, then, and in every such cafe, all the rea-fonable cofts, charges, and expences, of caufnig and procuring such value and recompence, to be aftelTed and awarded by a jury as aforesaid, and of fo affelfing and awarding the fame, shall be borne and paid by the bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, or other person or persons fo seised or poftefted of, or interested in, 'fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and fo refusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively ; arrd the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, are hereby authorised and empowered to dedudf and retain the said cofts, charges, and expences, out of the sum or sums of money fo to be afiefled or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any part thereof.

Upon pay- XIX. And be it further enabled, That upon payment of the mcnt ot' the sum or sums 0f money fo to be awarded and adjudged as afore-the^remiies^  a^ter  such  dedutftion  as  aforesaid,  to  the person or perfons

tobeconveyed t0 whom the fame shall be fo awarded, for the purchase of the to the city. said houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or for the purchase of any estate or interest therein, such person or persons shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal, conveyances, alignments, and afturances, in the law, to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, or any person or persons in trust for them, of the said houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or of such estate or interest for which such sum or sums of money shall be fo awarded, and shall procure all neceftary parties to execute such conveyances, alignments, and afturances, and shall do all acls, matters, and things, neceftary and requilite to make and derive a good, clear, and perfect title thereto, to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens; and such conveyances, affignmeets, and afturances, shall contain all such rea-fonable and usual covenants as fhall, on the part of the faicj When a good mayor and commonalty and citizens, be required ; and in cafe

tide cannot  perfQn  or  perfons,  to  whom  such  sum or sums of money fhall

be made, or ,  1  .  .  * r ? , n ,.  .  . ,  .  .  /

legal convey- be awarded as aforelaid, mail not be able to evince, and make out

ancesexecut- a good and fufticient title to the premifes, to the satisfaction of ed >  the said mayor, aldernlen, and commons, in common council af-

fembled, and to make, or procure to be made, good, valid, and legal conveyances thereof to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens^

43$

1795*] Annoregni triceCmo quinto Georgii III. c. 126•

zens, or any person or persons in trust for them, or (hall refuse fo to do, being'thereto required, and such sum or sums fo afTelled and awarded as aforesaid,^after such dedudion as aforesaid, being produced and tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making such title, and executing, or procuring to be executed, such conveyances, alignments, or afiurances, as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept or receive the fame, being tendered to be paid to him, her, or them ; or in cafe any such person or perfons, or the parties to whom any sum or sums of money as aforesaid (hall be fo  be

awarded, cannot be found in the said city of London, orin the ’ county of Middlefex, or in cafe that, by reason of disputes depending in any court of law or equity, or for defect of evidence, it shall not appear to the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aftembled, what person or persons is or are entitled to the premises in question ; then, and in every such cafe, court to or-it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said court of mayor ^afe^ monV and aldermen to order the said sum or sums fo assessed to be paid in-awarded as the value and purchase money for the said houfes, to the bank, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as aforesaid, to&c*» be paid into the bank of England\ in the name, and with the privity, of the accountant general of the high court of chancery, to be placed to his account, to the credit of the parties interested in the said houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

(defcribing them), subject to the order, controul, and difpofition,

of the said court of chancery ; which said court of chancery, on subject to the

the application of any person or persons making claim to such court oftlC

fum or fums, or any part thereof, by motion or petition, shall be, chancery, on

and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of proceeding, or motion or,

otherwife as to the fame court shall seem meet, to order diftribu- petition.

tion thereof, according to the respective estate or eftates, title,

or intereft, of the person or persons making claim thereunto, and

to make such other order in the premises as to the said court

fhall seem just and reasonable ; and the cashier or cafhiers of the

bank of England, who shall receive such sum and fums, is and

are hereby required to give a receipt or receipts for such sum or

fums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose use the

fame is or are received, to such persons as shall pay any such fum

or sums into the bank as aforefaid.

XX. And be further enacted. That all such verdidls, judge- Verdi6bs and ments, fentences, determinations, orders, and other proceedings, Wintered8 t0 of the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices refpedtively, among the and juries, as relate to or concern any of the cafes before menti- records, oned, and all receipts, which the said cashier or cafhiers of the bank shall give, for any sum or sums of money paid into the bank in consequence of any such verditft and judgement, shall be entered among the records of the said court of mayor and aider-men, or general quarter sections of the peace for the said county of Middlefex, as the cafe shall happen to be ; and the said verdidts, judgements, fentences, decrees, and orders, and other proceedings, shall be deemed and taken to be records to all intents and purposes >yhatfoever; and the fame, or true copies thereof,, fhall

Q G 3  be

xbe deemed and taken to be good and effectual evidence and proof in any court or courts of law or equity whatfoever; and all persons shall and may have recourse to the fame gratis, and to take copies thereof, paying for every copy not exceeding two hundred words fixpence, and fo proportionably for any greater Immediately^ number of words : and immediately after such verdidts, judge-and payments, ments? Sentences, decrees, orders, and other proceedings, of the &c. premises said court of mayor and aldermen, or jullices, as aforesaid, re-to vert in the fpe&ively, and juries, and payment into the bankas aforesaid, clty*  and after such receipt or receipts of the said cashier or cafhiers

(hall be given as before mentioned, all the ertate, right, title, interert, ufe, trull, property, claim, and demand, in law and equity, of the person or persons to whose credit such money (hall be paid, in, to, and out of, the houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premifes, to be purchased as aforesaid, Shall veil in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and they shall be deemed in law to be in the actual seisin or pofTeflion thereof to all intents and purposes whatfoever, as fully and effedfually as if every person having any elfate in the premises had adfually conveyed the fame by lease and releafe, bargain and sale inrolled, feoffment with livery of feifin, fine, common recovery, or any other conveyance or alfurance whatfoever; and such payment shall not only bar all right, title, intereff, claim, and demand, of the person or persons to whose credit such payment shall have been made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and con-flrued to bar, the dower and dowers of the wife and wives of such person and perfons, and all estates tail, and other estates in pofTelTion, reverfion, remainder, or expedfancy, and the issue and ilfues of such person and perfons, and every person claiming under them, as effectually as fines or common recoveries would do, if levied or suffered by the proper parties in due form of law. or andalder^~ XXL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it men on petfti- shall and rnay lawful to and for the laid court of mayor and on, may invert aldermen, after such payment into the bank, and entry of the re-the money in ceipt as aforesaid, and before any application in respect thereof fundsllt>iiCli t0 k*lc* court chancery, at the petition of any person or persons claiming to be intererted in such houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to place out or invert, or cause to be placed out or inverted, such sum or sums of money, or any ,  part  thereof, in some of the publick funds, or on government

fecurity, at interert, in the name or names of any person or persons authorised and appointed by the said court of mayor and aldermen for that purport, in trurt, to transfer and assign the fame to the person or persons to whom the premises shall belong, on their executing proper conveyances thereof; and, in the mean time, in trurt, to pay the interert and dividends arising therefrom to the person or persons who was or were in possession of the said premises at the time of the said payment into the bank, such tenant in possession not being a tenant at will ; and the said court of mayor and aldermen are hereby empowered to make such order as aforesaid on the bank, for the payment of such sum or

fums

!795*1 Anno regni tricesimo qninto Georgii IILc. 126.  455

fums of money, or any part thereof, as (hall be necefTary, in order to the fame being fo invested in publick fecurities; and the /aid mayor and commonalty and citizens, or other person or perfons, to whom the said premifes, for which such money (hall have been fo paid as aforesaid, (hall, by the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council afTembled, be ordered or appointed to be conveyed as before mentioned, shall be quieted in the seisin and poffefiion of the houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for which such money shall be fo paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable in any court of law or equity, for the money fo deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the true meaning of this a£L

XXII.  And be it further enacled, That the principal money Purchafe mo

arifing from the sale of any houfes, buildings, lands, tenements,  held "in

or hereditaments, which shall be purchased for the purposes ex- trufttobe pressed in this a£I, of any body corporate or collegiate, corpora- inverted in tion aggregate or foie, feoffees in truft, guardians, committees, other pur-or other truflees, or from any feme covert, exceeding the sum of  tllC

twenty pounds, shall be paid to such persons as they shall refpec-

tively nominate to receive the fame in truft-, with all convenient speed then afterwards to be re-invefted in the purchase of other houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled to and upon, and subject to the like ufes, trufts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which shall be purchased of them refpedlively, by the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforesaid, were refpedUvely fettled, limited, or allured, at the time of such purchafe, or fo many thereof, as at the time of making such conveyances and fetdements shall be existing and capable of taking effedt; and any such body, corporation, or other perfon, as aforesaid, shall or may be at liberty to add any money, not exceeding one hundred pounds ; and the money arising from such sale as aforesaid to be re-invefted as aforefaid.

XXIII.  And be it further enadled. That the conveyance of Bargains and any such estate or interest of any feme covert, to the said mayor force oT and commonalty and citizens, or any peftbn or persons in trust £nes and rc_ for them, by indenture or indentures of bargain and fale, sealed coveries. and delivered by such feme covert, in the presence of, and at-

tefted by, two credible witneftes, and duly acknowledged, and to be inrolled in the court of hustings of the city of London, in caie the premises in quertion lie within fuclTcity or the liberties thereof, and if in the county of Mlddlefex, then to be inrolled in the high court of chancery within fix calendar months after the making thereof, shall as efFedlually and absolutely convey the estate and interest of such feme covert in the premifes, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, would or could do, if levied or fiiffered thereof in due form of law ; and further, that all bargains and sales whatfoever, to be made of any such houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as shall be purchafed"

. G G 4

Perfons having any right, &c. to enter their claims within a limited time, or be barred.

by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens by virtue of and for the purpose of this a£f, and inrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like force, effect, and operation, in law, to all intents and pur-pofes, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatfoever, would have had, if levied or fuffereo by the bargainer or bargainers, or any person or persons seised of any estate in the premises in truth, for such bargainer or bargainers, in any legal manner or form whatfoever.

XXIV, And be it further cna&ed, That all and every person and persons whomfoever, having or claiming any right, title, intereft, ufe, property, claim, or demand whatfoever, whether in pofTeflion, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy, in, to, or out of, any houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which, by virtue and for the purposes of this a<5t, {hall be purchased by, and conveyed or mentioned, or intended to be conveyed, to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, or any person or persons in trust for them, by any such bargain and sale as aforesaid, fhall, within the space of five years, to be computed from the date of the inrolment of luch bargain and sale enter a memorial of such their right, title, interefl, ufe, property, claim, and demand, in a book to be for that purpose prepared and kept by the town clerk of the said city of London, or the clerk of the peace of the said county of Middlefex, for the time being respectively • which book the said town clerk and clerk of the peace refpec- -tively are hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which entry they shall be entitled to such fee, and no other, as the register of the county of    Middlesexis by law entitled to, for the registry of a memorial containing the fame number of words ; and all and every person and persons whofoever, not entering luch right, claim, and demand, within such time, and in such manner as aforesaid, or having fo entered the fame, and not prosecuting such their right, claim, or demand, with effect, within the space of five years, to be computed from the time of such entry,^ shall be for ever barred of all right, title, ufe, equity, property, claim, and demand whatfoever, whether in pofTeifion, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy, in, to, upon, or out of, the laid premifes, and every part thereof; and the said mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, and those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the pofTeflion of alt luch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premifes; any lav/, ftatute, ufage, matter, or thing whatfoever, to the contrary not-withfianding.

XXV. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted, That any person or persons barred of any right, title, eftate, intereft,

But may recover the pur-chafe money,

&c. from per- claim, or demand, whatfoever, in, to, or out of, the said houfes, fons receiving buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by virtue of this 1 ie ame. a&, shall be at liberty to bring any action or actions of debt, or for money had and received to his, her, or their ufe, against any person or perfons, or the legal representatives of any person or persons who shall have received all or any part of the purchase money arising from such sale of the said houfes, buildings, lands,

tenements.

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126.  457

tenements, hereditaments, and premifes, aforefaid; and that, in every such cafe, the respective plaintiffs, on proof of such title as would have enabled them to recover such houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or any estate or interest in the fame, (ball recover the said purchase money, or fo much thereof as (hall be equivalent to their interest in the said premifes, together with such interest as shall be equivalent to the mesne profits of the premises which they would have been entitled to recover in cafe this act had not been made.

XXV71. And be it further enadred, That every tenant at wilI;_Tenants at^ or lessee for a year, or any other perfoivor persons in possession of (jJ]jver poflef-nny such houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and floll on gx premifes, or any part thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue months no-of and for the purposes of this act, and who shall have no greater hoe. interest in the premises than as tenant at will, or as lessee lor a year, or from year to year, shall deliver up the possession of such premises to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, or to such person or persons as the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council affembled, {hall appoint to take possession of the fame, upon having fix calendar months notice to quit such possession from the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council affembled, or the person or persons fo authorised by them ; and such person or persons in possession fhall, at the end of the said fix calendar months, or fo soon after as he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly, deliver up the possession of the said premifes, to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, or the peifon or persons guthorifed by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, to take possession thereof; and that, in cafe any such person or persons fo in possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such possession as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court of mayor and aldermen to issue their precept or precepts to the sheriffs of the said city of London, or the sheriff of the laid county of Middlefex, as the cafe shall require, to deliver possession of the premises to such person or persons as shall in such precept or precepts be nominated to receive the fame ; and the said lheriffs or sheriff are hereby required to deliver such possession accordingly of the said premifes, and to levy such costs as shall accrue from the illuing and execution of such precept or precepts on the person or persons fo refusing to give possession as aforesaid, by distress and sale of his, her, or their goods.

XXVII. And be it further enabled. That all and every person Mortgagees, and perfons, who shall have any mortgage or mortgages, on such  ^nd

houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, not being interest * to in possession thereof by virtue of such mortgage or mortgages, convey, fhall, on the tender of the principal money and interest due thereon, together with the amount of fix calendar months interest on the said principal money, by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, or by such perfon

or

4 53

Annoregni tricesimo quinto GeorgiiIIT. c. 126. [1795.

or persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, afiign, and transfer, such mortgage or mortgages, to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, or to such person or persons as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, ihall appoint; or, in cafe' such mortgagee or mortgagees {hall have notice in writing, from the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, or lucn person or persons as they (hall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the principal money and interest which shall be due on the said mortgage or mortgages, at the end or expiration of fix calendar months, to be computed from the clay of giving such notice, that then, at the end of the said fix calendar months, on payment of the principal and interest fo due, such mortgagee or mortgagees Ihall convey, aflign, and .transfer, his, her, or their interest in the premises to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or such person or persons as shall be appointed in trull: for them • and in cafe such mortgagee or mortgagees fnall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid, on such tender or payment, that then all interest on every such mortgage shall from thenceforth cease and determine.

n XXVIII. And be-it further enadled, That upon payment of the principal money and interest due on any mortgage as aforesaid into the bank, at the end of fix calendar months from the day of giving such notice as aforesaid, for the use of the mortgagee or mortgagees, the cashier or cafhiers of the bank shall give a receipt or receipts for the said money, in like manner as is here-in-before directed in cafes of other payments into the bank; and thereupon all the eftate, right, title, intereft, ufe, truft, property, claim, and demand, of the said mortgagee or mortgagees, and of all and every person or persons in trust for him, her, or them, fnall vest in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and they fnall be deemed to be in the actual poffefiion of the premises comprised in such mortgage or mortgages to all intents and purpefes whatloever.

XXIX.  And be it further enadled, That all sums of money, or other conflderanon, recompence, or fatisfadlion, to be paid or made pursuant to any such agreement or verdict as aforesaid, or in discharge of any such mortgage, shall be paid or tendered to the party or parties entitled to the fame, or paid into the bank of England as aforesaid, before the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, or any perform or persons autho-rifed by them, shall proceed to pull down any house or houfes, or other erections or buildings, comprised in or affected by such agreement, verdidf, or mortgage, refpediively, or to use the ground for any of the purpoles of this adt.

XXX.  And be it further enadled, That the said court of mayor and aldermen, and the said justices refpedtively, shall have power, from time to time, to impose any reasonable fine, not exceeding

neirls,* for'not  ^um ten Poun<^s) on such sheriffs or fheriff, or high bailiff of

attending, &c. Wejlminjler, or their or his deputy or deputies, bailiffs or agents, rqfpedtively, making default in the premifes, and on any of the

perfons,

On refufal, interest to ceafe^

Upon payment of principal and inter eft into the bank.

pTemifes to vest in the city.'

Monies to be paid or tendered before any use made of the premifes.

Court of aldermen may fine fheriffs,

459

1795-1 Anno. regmtricesimoquintoGtEORGii III. c. 126..

perfons who (hall be summoned and returned on any such jury or juries as shall not appear, or as shall refuse to be sworn on the said jury or juries, or being fo fworn, (hall not give his or their verdidl, and also on any person or persons who shall be fum-rnoned to give evidence touching any of the matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or shall refuse to be fworn, or to affirm, or who shall refuse to give his, her, or th.eir evidence, and on any other person or persons who shall in any other manner wilfully negledf his, her, or their duty, in the premifes, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adl, and from time to time to levy such fine or fines by order of the said court of mayor and aldermen, or julrices refpeclively, by distress and sale of the offender’s goods, together with the reasonable charges of every such distress and fale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners ; and that a copy of the order of the said court of mayor and aldermen, signed by the town clerk of the said city for the time being, or a copy of the order of the said jufrices, signed by the clerk of the peace of the said county of    Middlesexfor the time being, shall respectively be sufficient authority to the person or persons therein to be appointed, and to every other person acting or aiding and assisting therein, to make such distress and sale ; and all such fines shall be paid to the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, to be applied to the purposes of this a£1.

XXXI. And be it further ena&ed, That it shall and may be ^°u^i°em lawful to and for the ,faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in p0wered to common council affembled, to let, fell, or dispose of, or cause to let, fell, &c. be let, fold, or disposed of, all or any of the houses and buildings any ground to be erected and built as before mentioned, and their appurte-nances, (except the said parish church and church yard), a°d p^Ves ofThfs also all or any part or parts of such land or ground fo to be pur- adt, chafed as aforesaid, as may not be necefTary to be laid into any of the said intended ftreets, ways, or paflages, to such person or persons as shall be willing to contrad, agree for, rent, or purchase the fame.

XXXJI. And be it further ena£led, That the said mayor, al- and toufeor dermen, and commons, in common council affembled, (hall and  mate*

may ufe, or cause to be ufed, such of the materials of the said * parish church, or of any part thereof, as shall ntft be applied in rebuilding the fame, and also all or any part of the old materials of houses and other buildings to be taken down, removed, or altered refpedtively, pursuant to this a£t, in or about the making and finishing of the aforesaid new buildings and other improvements, or any of them; or the fame materials, or any part thereof, shall and may fell, or cause to be fold, as they shall think fit.

XXXIII. And whereas, for the greater regularity or beauty of the said intended freets, ways^ or pajfages, to be made in pursuance of this aft^ it may be proper to build houfes, or parts of houfes, on some parts of the present Jh-eets, ways, or pajfages, intended to be altered or flopped up by virtue of this aft \ be it therefore further ena&ed.

That

 CjOO^Ic

and to grant licences for building on part of the iTreets, &c.

Monies arising by Tales ox licences to be appropriated to the purposes of the

For fecuring

Anno regni trkefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aider-men, and commons, in common council affembled, for and in consideration of such sum or {urns of money, or yearly rent or rents, as they (hall think reafonable, to grant unto the owner or owners of the freehold and inheritance of the house or houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, next adjoining in front to the said ground to be purchafed, licence or licences, under the common feal of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city of London, to build upon, and inclole fo much of the ground and foil, in the front of the said respective house or houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as they (hall judge fit and proper to be built upon for the purpoles of this ad; and the ground and foil, fo built upon in pursuance of such licence or licences, shall for ever, or for or during the time or term to be expressed in such licence or licences, and fub-jed to the conditions therein to be contained, be annexed to the adjoining freehold; any law, uffge, or custom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIV.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That all rents, and other sum and fumsof money, to arise by the sale or letting of the houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fo to be let or fold, or by sale of such of the materials of the faidparrfh church as shall not be used in rebuilding the fame, or by sale of the materials of houses and buildings to be pur-chafed and pulled down, and all monies to arifefrom such licences as aforesaid, {hall be applied, and the. fame are hereby appropriated, to the purposes of this ad, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpose whatfoever.

XXXV.  And whereas, by pulling doivn such houses and buildings, and parts of houses and buildings, as may be necejfary far the purposes aforefaid., and laying the ground or foil thereof into the said improved

Jlreefs, ways, or pajfages, the number of householders and of inhabitants of the said parish of Saint Clement Danes may be diminijhed, and thereby the income of the reft or of the said parish church for the time being may be lejfencd, unless fame provision for indemnifying him shall be made by this aft ; and the reft or and vicar of the parish church of Saint Sepulchre aforesaid may be deprived of his or their remedy for recovering the tithes, or yearly sums of money or customary payments in lieu of tithes^ now charged on such houses or buildings in the fame-parijh^ as may be necejfary to be fo pulled down, unless some provision be made by this aft for the future payment of the fame; be it therefore enaded, That, for indemnifying the rector of the said parifh

the tithes, &c. church of Saint Clement Danes, and his fucccffors, against such

of nremifes  , ■> ^ r r>» /-  *

of premises taken down

lofs as aforesaid, a perpetual annual sum of fifteen pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, shall be charged upon and issuing out of such ground, in the said parish of Saint Clemeni Danes, as by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afTembled, shall be let or fold to be built upon in pursuance of this ad, and upon, and out of such houfes, buildings, and tenements, as shall be built or Handing thereon, or the fame annual sum of fifteen pounds shall be charged upon and issuing out off

fuefct

1795 J Annoregni tricesimo quint0 Georgix III. c. 126.

fuch parcel or parcels only of the fame ground, houfes, buildings, and tenements, and in such shares and proportions, or according to such appointment, among such respective parcels as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, shall at the time or times of letting or felling such parcels of ground refpedlively, think fit and dire£f; and as the fame shall be accordingly charged upon such parcels of ground, houfes, buildings, and tenements, refpeftively, by any deed or deeds, writing or writings, under the common feal of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city of London ; and the fame annual sum fo to be apportioned and charged as aforesaid, shall from time to time thenafter be payable to the rector of the fame parish church of Saint Clement Danes, and his successors for the time being, for ever, in such manner, and the fame, or the respective proportions thereof, shall commence from such time or refpecStive times, as are herein-after mentioned, and to be paid clear of all taxes and deductions whatfoever: and, for fecur-ing to the reCtor and vicar of the said parish church of Saint Sepulchre the payment of such tithes, or yearly sums of money or customary payments in lieu of tithes, as aforesaid, now charged on such houses and buildings in that parish as shall be pulled down in pursuance of this aCt: be it also enaCted, That the tithes, or yearly Turns of money or customary payments in lieu of tithes, charged refpeCtively on such mefluages, buildings, or tenements, and such part or parts of mefluages, buildings or tenements, in the said parish of Saint Sepulchre, as shall be pulled down under the authority of this act, and all arrears and growing payments thereof, or annual sum or annual Turns of money, equal to the loss which the rector and vicar of the said parish church of Saint Sepulchre may sustain by the execution of this a£l, shall be charged upon and issuing out of such ground in that parifh, as by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, shall be let or fold, to be built upon, in pursuance of this a£f, and upon and out of such houfes, buildings, and tenements, as shall be built or {landing thereon; or the fame tithes, or customary payments or annual sum or Turns in lieu of tithes, shall be charged upon, and issuing out of such parts or parcels only of the fame ground, houfes, buildings, and tenements, and in such shares or proportions, or according to such appointment, among such refpe£live parcels, as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, fhall, at the time or times of letting or felling such parcels of ground, respectively direct, and as the fame shall be accordingly charged upon such parcels of ground, houfes, buildings, and tenements, refpe£lively, by any deed or deeds, writing or writings, under the common Teal of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the laid city of London*, and the fame annual fum, fo to be apportioned and charged as aforesaid, shall from time to time thenafter be payable to the reftor and vicar of the fame lad mentioned parish church, and his and their fuccefiors for the time being, for ever, in such manner, and the fame or the respective proportions thereof fhall

commence

Power of recovery of annual sums in lieu of tithes.

Annual sums in lieu of tithes how to be paid.

Compen fation for loss of taxes and rates-

commence from such time or respective times as are herein-after mentioned ; all which said annual sums in lieu of lofs, as aforesaid, to the said rector of Saint Clement, or tithes to the said rector and vicar of Saint Sepulchre, shall be paid and payable, clear of all taxes and dedu&ions, at the four mofl usual quarterly feasts or days of payment in every year, that is to fay, the annunciation of the blefTed virgin Mary, the nativity of faint John the baptift* faint Michael the archangel, and the nativity of our blefTed Saviour, by equal payments in every year ; the first payment thereof respectively to be made on such of the said feast days as shall firfb and next happen after the pulling down of any such houfes, buildings, or tenements, or any part or parts thereof, in the said panflies of Saint Clement and Saint Sepulchre refpe&ively, for the purposes aforesaid, together with all arrears.

XXXVI.  And be it further ena&ed, That as well the rector of the said parish church of Saint Clement Danes and his fuccefTors, as the rector and vicar of the said parish church of Saint Sepulchrey and his and their fuccefTor and fuccelTors, shall for ever have and enjoy such and the like powers, authorities, and remedies, for recovering and receiving the said annual sums hereby provided for them refpe&ively, of and from the respective owners or occupiers of the houfes, buildings, or tenements, which shall be fo charged therewith, or with certain parts or proportions thereof, according to the true meaning of this a&, as the rector and vicar of the said parish church of Saint Sepulchre, or either of them, now have or hath, for recovering and receiving the tithes, or yearly sums or customary payments in lieu of tithes, charged on, or payable in respect of, houfes, buildings, and other hereditaments, in that parifli: provided neverthelefs, that nothing in this a& shall be construed to extend to vary or alter the rights of the said rector of the said parish of Saint Cle?nent Danes, or the said rector and vicar of the said parish of Saint Sepulchre, within the lame parishes refpe&ively, or to subject the inhabitants thereof to any other claims or demands of the said re&or, or rector and vicar, than they respectively were heretofore lawfully subjected unto.

XXXVII.  Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That, in the mean time, after the said annual sums in lieu of tithes shall respectively commence and become payable, and until the houfes, buildings and tenements, to be charged therewith, shall be inhabited or actually occupied refpe&ively, the lame annual sums shall be duly paid and discharged from and out of the money to be railed by virtue of this a&.

XXXVIII.  And zvhpreas, by reason of pulling down the houfesy' and making the alterations, in pursuance of this a ft) there may be de-fciencies in the produce of the land tax, and paving, clean fmgi lighting, and poors rates, within the said parish of Saint Clement Danes, and the said parish of Saint Sepulchre in the city of London ; be it further ena&ed, That the said mayor, aldermen, arid commons, in common council afTembled, fhall, from and after the palling of this a&, for and during the term of ten years, or such other {barter time within which the said feyeral woiks and iriiprove-

ments

1795-1 Annoregni tricesimo quintq Georgii III. c. 126.  463

ments {hall or may be completed and finifhed, be fubjetft and liable to make good to the (aid parish of Saint Clement Danes^ within the city and liberty o{ Weftminfter^ and to the liberty of the duchy of Lancajler, and to the said parish of Saint Sepulchre, refpedtively, all such sum or sums of money, which, during such term, (hall be deficient, in respect of the produce of the aflefT-ments for land tax, and paving, cleanfing, and lighting, and poors rates, within the said several parishes refpedtively, by reason or means of the alterations arising from carrying this a£T into execution, within the said refpe<5tive diftridts, according to the produce of such several rates and afiefiments refpe&ively, in such respective diftridts, from Lady-day one thousand {even hundred and ninety-four, to Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and shall pay the fame accordingly to the several collectors of the said tax and rates : provided always, that when and fo soon as after this adt (hall be carried into execution, the produce or payments, for and in respect of the several afiefiments for land tax, and paving, cleanfing, and lighting, and poors rates, or any of them, of and for all the new or other houses and buildings, and other tenements and hereditaments, whatfoever, which (hall then refpeCtively abut or adjoin upon, or have communication by a private passage with either the north fide of the said intended new ftreet, way, or paflage, from the north-eaft corner of JVych Street to Temple Bar, or the weft end of Saint Clements church yard from JVych Street to the Strand, or the south fide of the Strand from Arundel Street to Temple Bar, or the said intended new street or passage from the bottom of Holborn Hill to the east end of Snow Hilly and of and for all and Angular such houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whatfoever, as shall then be standing upon, or part of the land and other hereditaments in the said parishes of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Sepulchre refpeClively, which (hall be purchased in execution of this a cl, shall raise a larger sum of money at the fame rat z per pound than the sum raised by the aflefiments from Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four to Lady-day one thousand leven hundred and ninety-five, of and for the several houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, now respectively abutting or adjoining upon, or having communication by a private passage with, Butcher Rouy the street called The Back of Saint Clements, Saint Cle?nends church yard, and the north and south Tides of fo much of the Strand as extends between Arundel Street and Temple Bar, and of and for all and Angular such houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whatfoever, now situate in the said parishes ol Saint Clement Danes and Saint Sepulchre refpeCfively, as shall be purchased in execution of this act; that then the surplus fhall, in the first place, be applied and- paid to the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, towards re-imburfing them what they shall have paid for or in respect of the aforesaid deficiencies in the affefifnents for land tax, and paving, cleanfing, and lighting, and poors rates, re-fpedtively j and fo, from time to time, whea and as often as there

fhall

464 Anho regni triceflmo quinto Georgii III. c, 126* [1795.

fhall be any furplus, until the said mayor, aldermen, and common', in common council aftembled, (hall be wholly re-imburfed and repaid all monies which they shall have disbursed to make good such deficiencies.

Compenfation XXXIX. And be it further enafted, That, until the said past element ri^ church °f Saint Clement Danes shall be rebuilt, and rendered Danes and completely fit for the performance of divine service therein, the other officers said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afiem-of the said bled, shall pay and allow, out of the fund to be railed by virtue church. of t^js a(c^ ancj  recompence  to the re£tor, clerk, fexton,

and organift, attending the said church, all such deficiency as they can make appear to the Committee, to be appointed by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, they have sustained in the receipt of pew rent, dues, and fees, yearly and every year, from the time of taking down the said church until the fame shall fo be rebuilt as aforesaid ; the computation of such deficiency to be made upon the average for the seven years preceding the taking down the said church.

XL. And whereas the whole of the north fide of the flreeis, or places, called The Strand, Butcher Row, and The Back of Saint Clement’s, from Temple Bar to the eaf end of VLyah Street, lie within that part of the pariflo of Saint Clement Danes which is within the city of Westminster and the. liberties thereof; and whereas the south fide of the faidfreet, or place, called The Butcher Row and Back of Saint Clement’s to Holywell Street, lie within that part of the said parish of Saint Clement Danes which is within the liberty of the dnchy of Lancafter in the Strand, in the county fl/'Middlefex : and whereas it may happen, according to the * proposed line of building, that a part of the north fide of the new intended freet may be built on that part of the said parish of Saint For a nor Clement Danes which lies within the said liberty of the duchy of honing the Lancafter; be it therefore enadled, That fo many of the houfes, land t.-iX or other buildings, as fhall, according to such line, be built and between the front on that part of the said parish of Saint Clement Danes in the smd^ch^ liberty °f the duchy of Lancafer, as also the back part thereof liberties. lying within the said parish of Saint Clement Danes Within the liberty of Wefiminfler, shall be deemed to be within the said liberty of the duchy of Lancafer, for all and every the purposes of future afieffments or payments to the land tax, or in any manner relating thereto : provided always, that, out of the sum or sums of money fo to be aftefted for houses or other buildings within the said intended new ftreet, by reason of the fronts of the fame being brought within the said liberty of the duchy of Lancaferj the collector of the land tax for the said liberty do and fhall, out of the monies to be raised by such aflefTments yearly, pay, or cause to be paid, to the colledtor or collectors of the land tax for the said parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the city and liberty of TVe[lmirfe?\ such sum or sums of money as the houses or other buildings, now situate on the north fide of the said Butcher Row, (which may, by such alteration of the line of building, become the back or part of any such intended houfe, or other building),

were

795*1 Anno regni tricefiriio qulnto Georgii III. c. 126.'  465

were subject and liable to pay, and did pay, to the said parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the liberty of Wejlminjler, for the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, according to a four shilling aid for the land tax, and fo in proportion, yearly, according to any other aid or assessment which (hall in future be made for land tax.

XLI. And be it further enabled. That, in all cafes where the For preserving said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council af-mar^ ot fembled* shall ered^ build, or cause to be erected or built, any ^ Jf^he^ house or building upon the boundary line of the said liberty of duchy lithe duchy of Lancajler, the said mayor} aldermen, and commons, berty. in compnon council affembled, {hall cause to be made, and pre-ferved, marks of the boundary line of the said liberty, and shall notify the said marks, in writing, to the fte.ward of the said liberty, to be inrolled in the court books of the said liberty.

XLII. And be it further enaded, That it {hall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in po^ere/to" common council aftembled, from time to time, to appoint one appoint com* or more committee or committees, to manage and tranfad all or mittees. any of the matters or purposes which they the laid mayor, aider-men, and commons, in common council aflembled, are hereby authorised and required to do, execute, or perform; which committee or committees, fo to be appointed, {hall have such or fo much of the powers and authorities by this ad given to the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, shall think fit or proper to delegate to such committee or committees.

XLIII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted, That Perfons inte-if any perfon,being a member of any such committee, shall be rible^on0/ ch* diredlyor indlredly interefted, or concerned, in any contract committees* which shall be made or entered into by or on behalf of such committee, for or concerning any of the works to be performed or done in pursuance of this ad, or for or concerning any materials * to be used or employed therein, every such contract shall be void; and the perfon, who, being a member of such committee, shall be fo interested or concerned, {hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeftminfier^ by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within fix calendar months next after the offence committed ; in which action or fuit refpec-tively, no protedion, effoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

. XLIV. And be it further enadcd, That the committee or Perfons not committees fo to be appointed shall and may, and they are here-by authorised and.empowered, from time to time, to employ any employed by fit person or perfons, whether free of the said city or not, in or committees, about any of the works, matters, or things, which they shall cause to be performed or done by virtue or in pursuance “of this ad; and to contract for the doing and performance of such Vol, XL.  Hh.  works,

466 Annoregnt tricesimo quinto Georgii III* c. 126. [1795.

works, matters, and things, or any of them, with any person or perfons, in such manner as the said committee or committees fhail think fit 5 and that no person or perfons, who fiiall be fo employed or contracted with, in, about, or for, any of the pur* poses of this act, nor any person or persons to be fet to work by or under them, or any of them, (hall, for any a# done, or to be done, in or about the premifes, be fubje# or liable to any action, indictment, or information, upon the statute made in the fifth year of her late majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An att con-taining divers orders for artificers, labourers, servants of hujbandry, and apprentices, or be liable to be sued for any breach of the cuf-tom of London, or for any penalty inflicted by any bye-law of the said city.

^vdn^notice1* ^CLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, of contracts, previous to the making of any such contract, notice fhail be given, in some of the daily newfpapers, that such committee intend to make such contra# ; and that all persons willing to engage therein may make proposals to the said committee at a certain time and place in every such notice to be fpecified; and all contracts, made or to be made in consequence of such notice, fhail specify the several works to be done, and the price or prices to be paid for the fame, and the time or times when the said works are to be completed, together with the penalties to be incurred in cafe of the non-performance thereof; and the fame fhail be signed by the clerk for the time being of such committee, as also by the person or persons contracting to perform such works refpectively, and fhail be entered in a book or books, to be kept for that purpose by such commitee.

XL VI. And whereas an att was made in the fifth and sixth years Recital ofan 0j re[gn 0f King William and Queen Mary, intituled., An a# William & ^or re^ie^ °f the orphans and other creditors of the city of London, Marvj forraif- whereby a fund was ejlablijhed for the purposes therein mentioned.\ ing the or-  which faidfund,  and the receipts and disbursements thereof are under

phans tund. ^ management and direction of the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city of London : and whereas, by several atts, made in the twenty-fir [I and twenty-ninth years of King George the Second., and in the seventh and eighteenth years of his prefen t Majefiy, or by some of them, the several provisions for supporting the said fund have been continued and augmented, and further sums of money charged thereon, for defraying the expences of several pub lick works : and whereas the income of the said fund has for several years pafl fo much increased as to afford a reasonable probability that, if the said may or, alderynen, and commons, in common council affembled, were enabled to raise the sum of one hwidred thousand pounds to be applied for the purposes of this att, upon the credit of the JurpluJfes to arise from the said fund, such furpluffes will be sufficient to pay off'fuch further charge as well as the whole of the debt and sums of money already charged thereon, within the time for which the said fund is continued by the att of the seventh year of the reign of his prefeni Majefiy, without the future aid of the said annualfum of two thousand



1795-1 -Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126.  467

fatid pounds, raised upon the personal eJiaUs of the fever al inhabitants of the /aid city and liberties in pursuance of the said a&s: he it therefore further enafted, That the payment of the said annual sum The annual of two thousand pounds, annually raised upon the personal estates sum of 2000I. of the several inhabitants of the said city of London and the li-berties thereof, towards the said fund called The Orphans Fund, of the inhabi-and all powers, authorities, and remedies, for recovering and re- tantsofLon-ceiving the fame, fhall, from and after the twenty-fourth day of don t0 ceafe. June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, cease and determine; and such annual fum, or any part thereof, shall no longer be paid or payable ; and the residue or surplus only of the said fund shall from thenceforth be deemed and called The Orphans Fund; anv thing in the said afts, herein-before mentioned or referred to, or any of them, or in this present aft contained, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: and that it (hall Common and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, and they are hereby raise a further authorised and empowered, at any time or times from and after sum upon the the palling of this aft, to borrow and raife, by annuities or other- credit of the wife, the sum of one hundred thousand pounds upon the credit fj^ans of the said fund, (over and above the several sums of money heretofore charged, and now remaining due thereon), the said monies to be paid into the receipt of the chamber of the said city of London by such inftalments, in such proportions, and at such times, as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in com* mon council affembled, shall direft; and the persons who shall Contributors contraft to advance or contribue any part of the said monies fhall, to he entitled in respect of the sums which they shall fo relpeftively advance, annuftier13^ be entitled to annuities, at such rates of interest as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, shall think reafonable, to commence from such time or times as shall be agreed upon, to be payable half-yearly, and to continue, until redemption thereof by payments of each respective principal sum ; and that no part of the monies fo to be lent or advanced, nor any of the said annuities fo to take place in respect thereof, shall be rated or assessed to any tax or assessment whatfoever.

XLVII. And be it further enafted, That the said mayor, Common

aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, shall c?un^ to 7  7  p  7  efive bonds

caufe a bond or note, or other security in writing, under the for fuc^ an_

common feal of the said city, to be delivered to every person ad- nuities, af-

vancing any part of the said monies, for the payment of such an- fignable by

nuities, in respect thereof, until redeemed as is herein-after men- indorfement.

tioned ; which bonds, notes, or other fecurities, shall be affign-

able by indorfement.

XLVIII. And be it further enafted. That the said fund called charged The Orphans Fund shall be, and the fame is hereby charged and wjth fUch ^ made chargeable with the annuities which shall be payable in annuities, respect of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds to be borrowed and raised under or by virtue of this aft, subject neverthe-iefs, and without prejudice, to the payment of the interest on the principal debts remaining due to the orphans and other creditors

h h 2  of

Surpluses of the said fund how to be applied*

468 Anno regni tricedmo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

of the said city ; and also the several annuities which are or shall be payable in refpe£f of the several principal sums borrowed and raised upon the credit of the said fund by the several a£ls of parliament herein-before mentioned or referred to.

XLIX. And be it further enadfed, That, out of the future furpluffes of the said fund, fo created, continued, and augmented as aforesaid (after relerving fo much money as shall be sufficient to satisfy the interest due, and which shall at any time be due, to the orphans and other creditors of the said city, as also to satisfy the interest due, and which shall at any time be due, on the several other principal sums borrowed and raised by or under the said several ads of parliament herein-before mentioned or referred to), the said annuities, in respect of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds to be borrowed and raised under and by virtue of this ad, shall be paid from time to time as the fame shall grow due, before any part of such furpluffes shall be otherwise applied, as by the said ad of the seventh year of his present Ma-jefty is direded; and that the residue of such furpluffes, after such payments as by the said several ads are directed to be made out of the fame shall be paid and fatisfied, fhall, from time to time, by order of the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city of London, (which order the said court are hereby authorised and directed to make), be, by the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, applied towards the redemption of all and singular the annuities to be payable in respect of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, in such order as the said court of mayor and aldermen (hall think fit.

^i^dem^tion  Provided  always, and be further enaded, That the faid

and tender of court of mayor and aldermen, shall give, or cause to be given, the money, fix calendar months notice of their intention to pay off such an-annuities to nuities, to be granted in respect of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds to the person or persons to whom the fame shall respectively belong; at the end of which fix calendar months, upon payment or tender of the respective futns for which such' annuities (hall have been granted to or for the person or persons then- entitled thereto, at the office of the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, in the Guildhall of the fame city, the annuity and annuities payable to such person or persons refpedively, shall cease and determine; nevertheless the monies fo tendered fnall be paid to such person or perfons, upon his, her, or their de-mand^and giving a discharge for the fame.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if the to be paid out furpiufl^s of the faidffund, charged with the annuities which shall her d Lon-" be payable in respect of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, shall at any time or times hereafter prove inefficient to pay off and discharge the fame, then, and in every such cafe, and fo often as the fame shall happen, the fum, which shall be wanting to complete the payment and discharge of such annuities, shall be advanced and paid out*of the chamber of the said city, and be made good and supplied out of the future furpluffes of the laid fund.

LII. And

ceafe ;

but the principal to be still payable.

Deficiencies

don.



I7195*l Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii IIL c. 126.  469

XII. And be it further enacted. That the said sum of one hun- The money dred'thousand pounds, fo to be raised and borrowed as aforesaid, shall be applied for or towards the purposes of this a£l ; and that oniy for the no part thereof (hall be applicable, or applied, to or for any other purposes of ufe, intent, or purpose whatfoever; and, if any surplus shall re- this anc* main of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds over and ^QabJa1UrlieldS, above what shall be applied to the purposes aforesaid, such fur- t0 T'ncreafe plus shall be applied and appropriated for or towards the increase the fund, of the said orphans fund.

LIII. And be it further ena&ed, That the chamberlain of the Securities to said city for the time being shall enter in a book, or books, to J^^erec* *n be kept for that purpose, all fecuriries for monies borrowed, or annuities granted, in pursuance of this acf, and all alignments and transfers thereof, ex pre fling in words at length the names, furnames, additions, places of abode, and other descriptions, of all such persons as shall from time to time be entitled to such fecurities, and the sums received upon such fecurities, and the days whereon the said annuities refpediively (hall be, payable ; to which book and books all and every person and perfons. entitled to or interested in such annuities, shall at all seasonable times* in the day-time, have accels, with free liberty to inspect the fame, without fee or reward.

LIV. And be it further enabled, That, from time to time, Chamberlain there shall also be provided and kept, by the chamberlain of the to keep ac-faid city for the time being, one or more book or books, in which cept^and^* all the monies which, by virtue of this a£t, shall be raised or difburfe-borrowed upon the credit of the said fund, shall from time to ments. time, as the fame shall be received, be entered and fet down, and wherein also all the monies to be paid and disbursed out of the monies to be received shall from time to time be entered and fet down; and such entry shall express the time when, the qccafions for which, and the names of the persons to whom, the fame shall be fo paid.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it shall Common and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and com- C°^red to* mons, in common council afTembled, or such committee or com- appoint ofii-mittees as shall or may be appointed as herein-before is diredled, cers, and they are hereby authorised and empowered refpe£lively, from time to time, to nominate and appoint such and fo many clerks and other officers under them, as shall be necessary to be employed in or about the execution of all or any of the purposes aforefaict; and out of.the said monies to be raised by virtue and ^emfSai*ies in pursuance of this a6l, to make such allowances to the said clerks and officers refpedtively, for their care and pains in the execution of their refpe£rive offices, as they shall think reasonable ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithftanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every officer Officers con-and odicers, or other person or persons whomfoever, concerned ^cefVofthe or to be concerned in the receipt of the money by this a£t appro- J^oney to priated to the pijrpofes. aforesaid, before he or they shall be per- give fecurity.

B 11 3  mitted

Penalty on officers mif-applying any ot the fakl monies.

City anfwer-able in cafe of any mif-application.

Difburfe-ments to be included in the chamberlain’s annual accounts.

This ndl: not to affebt any of the city’s present creditors.

Improvemets to be carried

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III* c. 126. [1795.

mitted to take upon him or them the execution of any of the said offices, (hall be bound with sufficient sureties to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens for the just and faithful ex-i ecution of such office or employment, in such reasonable sum or sums as by the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city shall be thought fitting, having regard to the trust reposed or to be reposed in such officer or officers.

LVII. And be it further enabled, That if any chamberlain of the said city of London, or other officer or person aforesaid, fhall, after receipt of any of the monies aforesaid, divert or mif-apply the fame, or any part thereof, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this abl, then such chamberlain, or other officer or person aforesaid, fo diverting or misapplying the said money, shall forfeit treble the sum fo mifapplied, with full costs of fuit ; which said forfeitures shall be recovered by any of the creditors of the said city claiming under or by virtue of any of the said abls herein-before mentioned, or by the executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, of any of them, who shall sue for the fame, by ablion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, wherein no efioin, proteblion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

LVJII. And be it further enabled, That if the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, shall happen to be misapplied or converted to any other use than as aforesaid, by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of London, for the time being, or any of their officers, or any other person or perfons, abling under colour of any warrant, power, or authority, by, from, or under them refpebtively, then, and in such cafe, the said mayor and commonalty and citizens shall be answerable for the fame out of the revenue of the said corporation, in any ablion to be brought by any of the said creditors, their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns; which said sum and sums fo recovered, shall be applied to the fame uses as the fame sums (if not mifapplied) should or might have been, except that the costs of fuit shall be dedubled and retained thereout in the first place, for the benefit of him, her, or them, fo fifing.

LIX. And be it further enabled, That in the annual account, in and by the said abl of the seventh year of his present Majesty, direbled to be by the chamberlain of the said city of London, for the time being, laid before each house of parliament, as by the laft: mentioned abl is direbled, shall be included an account of the disbursements of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, or of fo much thereof as shall then have been raised and borrowed.

LX. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That nothing in this abl contained shall extend to lessen or afFebl the security of any of the present creditors cf the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, further or otherwise than is herein expressly direbled and enabled.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if the

(aid

j 795*1 Anno regni tricesimo qtiinto Georgii III. c. 126.  471

fa id mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affem-bled, (hall not, within the space of ten years next after paffmg  en

this ad, carry into effeCt, do, and complete, the several objeCts y and purposes of this ad, within the said j>arifh of Saint Clement Danes, which they are authorised to do by virtue of this ad within the fame parifh, that then and in such cafe this ad, and all the powers and authority thereby given shall from thenceforth cease and determine, fo far as refpcds the said parish of Saint Clement Danes.

LXII. And be it further enaded, That the expences of ob- Expences of taining and palling this ad, {hall and may be paid out of the monies to be raised and received under or by virtue of this ad.  P  1

LXIII. And it is hereby further enaded, That all penalties Penalties and and forfeitures by this ad impofed, (the manner of recovering forfeitures and levying whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed), ^overecfand {hall be recovered and levied by distress and sale of the offenders applied, goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of one or more justice or justices of the peace, of the county, city, or place, where the offence shall be committed, or the offender found ; which warrant such juffice or justices are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon the confeftion of the party or parties, or upon information of one or more credible witnefsor witneffesupon oath, (which oath such justice or justices isand are heieby empowered to adminifter),and such penalties and forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the overplus (if any be) upon demand to the party or parties whose goods and chattels shall be distrained and fold, (the charges of such distress and sale being first deduced), {hall be paid to the chamberlaini of the said city for the time being, and be applied, one half to the informer,. and the other half towards the purposes of this aCt; and in cafe sufficient distress (hall not be found, then it {hall and may. be lawful to and for any such justice or justices to commit such offender to the house of correction, without bail or mainprize, for any space of time not exceeding sixty days.

LXIV. And be it further enaCted, That where any distress Diftrefs not to be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of unlawful for this aCt, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the want 0f party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpafler or tref- farm, paffers, on account of any defeCt, default, or want of form, in any proceeding relating thereto ; nor shall the party or parties be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaffers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which {hall be after wards done by the party or parties distraining ; but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for special damage by aCtion on the cafe,

LXV. And be it further enabled. That no proceedings to be had touching the conviction of any offender or offenders against quafhec} this aCt, or any order made, or any other matter or thing to be want of done or tranfaCted, in or relating to the execution of this aCt, form.

(hall be vacated or quashed for want of form only, or be removed or reoioyyable by Certiorari, or any other writ or proeefs

H %  whatfccyerj

47£ Anno regni tricesimo quinto GeorgitIII, c. 127. [1795.

whatfoever, into any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weflmin-Jler, (except as herein-before is mentioned) ; any law or statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

2^0°/render* LXVI. And be it further enabled, That the statute made in ing justices of twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King the peace more George the Second, intituled, An aft for the rendering justices of the safe in the ex- peace more safe in the execution of their office^ and for indemnifying their office^ex- confla^es an^ others acting in obedience to their warrants, fo far as tended to this said relates to rendering justices of the peace more safe in adh  the execution of their office, shall extend, and be construed to

.  . extend, to the said mayor, aldermen, and juftices, refpedtively,

aiftionstl0n °* a^nS un(^er the authority of this add; and no action or fuit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance or under colour of this adl, until fourteen days notice shall be thereof given in writing to, or afte'r sufficient fatis-faddion or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after fix calendar months next after the fadd committed, for which such adHon or actions, fuit or fuits, shall be fo brought; and every such action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the city or county where the cause of action (hall arise and not elfewhere; and that the defendant or defendants in such actions General iffue. or fuits, and every of them, may plead the general iftiie, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial or trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the matter or thing, for which such addion or adtions, fuit or fuits, shall be fo brought, was done in pursuance and by the authority of this adt; and if the said matter or thing shall appear to have been fo done, or if it shall appear that such addion or fuit was brought before fourteen days notice given as aforesaid, and that a sufficient fatis-fadfion was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such adHon or fuit shall not be commenced within the time before for that purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury or juries shall find for the defendant or defendants therein; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such action or addions, fuit or fuits, shall become nonfuited, or suffer a discontinuance thereof, or if judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then, and in any of the cafes Treble cofts. aforesaid, such defendant or defendants shall have treble cofts, and shall have such remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs in other cafes by law.

Publick adt. LXVII. And be it further enadded, That this adt shall be deemed and taken to be a publick add, and all judges, juftices, and other perfons, are hereby required to take notice thereof as. such, without the fame being fpecialJy pleaded.

CAR CXXVIL

An aft for enabling his Majesty to dire ft the ijfue of exchequer bills to a limited amount ^ for the purposesy and in the manner therein mentioned.~f-\_]\int 27, 1795.]

Moil

, (

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto, Georgii III. c. 127.  473

Mod: gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS in consideration of the heavy lojfes which have Preamble.

been fufained in the ifiands ^/"Grenada and Saint Vincents, in conference of the late infurreftions, it is expedient that your Ma~ jessy be enabled to dir eft exchequer bills, to the amount of one million five hundred thousand pounds, to be ifiued to commissioners to be by them advanced, under certain regulations and reflriftions,for the ajfifiance and accommodation of fuel? persons connected with or trading to the said ifiands, as shall be defir ous of receiving the fame, on due security being given for the re-payment of the sums fo advanced within a time to be limited; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be. it enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it shall and may be ^1S ^aje% lawful to and for the King’s most excellent majefty, by warrant ^J^-^abiryto or warrants under his royal sign manual, to authorise and ern- direft exche-power the commiftioners of his Majesty’s treasury now or for the quer bills to time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high trea- be made out surer for the time being, to cause or direft any number of exche- a^rQ^e toc quer bills to be made out at his Majesty’s exchequer, containing ^except^a^* different sums of one hundred pounds and fifty pounds, in the hereby exfame or like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame cepted: or like rules and directions, (except where other directions for making out the fame are contained and particularly exprefted in this aCt), as in and by an act of this present fellion of parliament, intituled, An aft for continuing and granting to his Majefiy certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred 'and ninety-five, are enacted and preferred concerning the exchequer bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said aCt.

II. And be it further enaCted, That all and every the claufes, the powers of provifoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, ^te^dt^this and difabilities, contained in the said recited aft, relating to the exchequer bills authorised to be made by the fame aft, (except as herein-after mentioned), shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this aft, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said recited aft, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.

III. And be it further enafted, That the said bills to be made Bills to bear out in pursuance of this aft, shall and may bear an intereft, notlubereft not exceeding the rate of three-pence per centum per diem, upon or in pVr cent, per # respect of the whole of the monies respectively contained therein; diem, and to and that the whole of such bills shall be made payable on the fifth he payable day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix $ and that Jll^r •$> 1796* the principal sums contained in such bills, together with fuch

intereft

474 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. [1795.

intereft as aforesaid, to be computed from the day of the date of each such bill, until the time by this appointed for payment thereof, shall be paid off and discharged at the time appointed for the payment thereof.

Reived for*  ^rov^e<^  always, and be it further enacted, That no ex-

any^duty,°&c. cbequer bill to be made out by virtue of this a£ fhall, after the before the day fame hath been issued at the exchequer, be afterwards at any appointed for time, before the day on which such exchequer bill is hereby ap« ment^&c pointed to be paid, received or taken by, or pass or be current *  *  with,  any  receiver  or collector in Great Britain of the cuftoms,

excife, or any revenue, fupply, aid, or tax whatever, due or payable to his Majelfy, his heirs or fucceffors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or colle£Ior, or from any other person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, (otherwife or on any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such exchequer bill in cafe the fame (hall be in due course or order of payment), before the said day hereby appointed for payment thereof, nor shall any such receiver or collector exchange, at any time before the said day of payment thereof, for any money of such revenues, aids, taxes, or Supplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this a£t; nor shall any action be maintained against any such receiver or collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such exchequer bill for ready money before the said day of payment thereof; any thing in the said last mentioned a£f, or this a<51, contained to the contrary in anywise notwith-ftanding.

CommifTion- V. And be it further enafted, That the honourable Henry ers appointed. JJ0fcart^ the right honourable Charles Townjhend, fir William Pulteney baronet, fir "John Sinclair baronet, fir Grey Cooper baronet, fir Francis Baring baronet; Richard Muilman French Chifwelly John William Anderfony William Curtis, Charles Grant, Jofepb Nutty Robert Hunter, Thomas Plomer, Gabriel Tucker Steward^ and Benjamin Savage^ efquires, shall be, and are hereby constituted comm iff oners for advancing and lending to any person or persons connected with or trading to the said islands of Grenada and Saint Vincents^ or either of them, upon the securities and under the terms and conditions, and subject to the regulations herein mentioned, the exchequer bills to be made out in pursuance of this a<5, and the said commiffoners are hereby respectively required to execute the powers and authorities given to them by this a6t, without any fee, reward, emolument, or gratuity whatever.

VI.  And be it further ena&ed. That any two of the said com-miffoners in this a<ff named, before they enter upon the execution of the fame, shall take an oath before the chancellor of the exchequer, or the master of the rolls, for the time being, which they, or either of them, are and is hereby authorised and re-f quirired to admipilter, the tenqt whereof fh^ll be as followeth ^ that is to fay,

a. b.

Commiflion-ers to take the following

I795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgji III. c. 127.  475

T A. B.  do swear that I will faithfully and impartially execute the oath.

^ feyeral powers and trnfs vejled in me by an aft^ intituled, [here fet forth the title of the aft], according to the tenor and purport of the said aft.

And every other of the said commissioners in this aft named shall likewise take the fame oath before the said two commif-fioners, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the fame, after they (hall themselves have taken the said oath as, aforefaid.

VII.  And be it further enafted, That the said commissioners Commiffion-appointed by this aft shall have power to meet and fit from time ^1S

to time in such place or places as they shall find most convenient, c^fgj allow fa* with or without adjournment; and they shall and may appoint iaries, admi*? and employ a fecretary, and fo many clerks, brokers, mefl'engers, lifter oaths, and officers, as they shall think meet, and allow to such fecretary,&c* clerks, brokers, meflengers, and officers, with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, in writing under their hands, such reasonable salaries as the said commiflioners, appointed by this a£l, shall think meet; and shall and may employ a folicitor, and allow to such solicitor such salary or reward as the said commissioners shall think reasonable for his care and labour ; and shall and may give and ad-minifler to such folicitor, fecretary, clerks, brokers, and officers, refpeftively, an oath, for their faithful demeanor in all things relating to the due performance of the trulls reposed in them by the said commiflioners, and in all other things touching the pre-mifes, and from time to time at their difcretion, dismiss and dif-charge such folicitor, fecretary, clerks, brokers, meffengers, and other officers, and appoint others in their place; and the said folicitor, fecretary, clerks, brokers, and other officers, are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said trulls in them severally and respectively repofed, without taking any thing for such fervice, ether than such salaries or rewards as the said com-miffioners shall direft and appoint in manner aforefaid.

VIII.  And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be Commiffiort-. lawful to and for the said commiflioners, or any three or more of ers.may ex-them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to examine o^h part?es upon oath or affirmation, (which oath or affirmation they, or any willing to be one or more of them, are and is hereby authorised to adminifter), examined, and all persons who shall be willing to be examined touching all such

matters and things as shall be neceftary for the execution of the ^ef0!re magjf. powers veiled in the said commissioners by this aft, and alio to trates. receive any affidavits or depositions in writing, upon oath or affirmation, touching such matters or things as aforesaid, which shall he made before any justice of the peace of any county or fhire, or any magistrate of any borough or town corporate in Great Britain or Ireland, where or near to which the person making such affidavit or deposition shall re fide, and certified and

tranfmitted.



476 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. {1795.

tranfmitted to the .faid commissioners appointed by this ad, under the hand and feal of such justice or magistrate (which oath or affirmation every such justice or magistrate (hall be and is hereby authorised and empowered to admiriifter); provided that in every such affidavit or deposition there shall be expressed the addition of the party making such affidavit or depofition, and the particular place of his or her abode.

Treafury to  IX. And be it further enaded, That the lords commiffioners

for^drfravine  t^le trea^ury> or lord high treasurer for the time being, are

the charges of hereby respectively authorised and required to ifTue, and cause to executing this be advanced, all such sums of money to such person or perfons, ad, of which {n such manner and in such proportions as the said commilfioners h^alTbe^aid appointed by this ad fhall, by writing under their hands, from before par-  time to time defire, out of the consolidated fund, to be replaced

liament. in the manner herein-after mentioned; which fums, fo to be issued and advanced, shall be employed for the payment of allowances, and in defraying all other necessary charges and expences in or about the execution of this ad, without other account than

erfons giving false evidence to be subject to the penalties for per-jury.

Commiflion-ers to meet to receive, or appoint a person to receive, applications for the loan of exchequer bills, and to certify the amount immediately wanted to the treafury, who shall direct their ifiue.

before the lords commilfioners of his Majesty’s treafury; and which money fo to be issued shall not be subject to any tax, duty, rate, or assessment whatfoever, imposed by authority of parliament ; but that an account of the said charges and expences shall be laid before both houses of parliament within two months after the expiration of the commiflion, if parliament shall be then fitting, and if parliament shall not be fitting, then within fourteen days after the commencement of the then next session of parliament,

X.  And be it further enaded, That if any person or perfons, upon examination upon oath or affirmation before the said com-miffioners refpedively, or if any person or persons making any such affidavit or deposition as before mentioned shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, or (ha-11, in such affidavit or depofition, wilfully and corruptly fwear, affirm, or allege, any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue,, every such person or persons fo offending, and being thereof duly convided, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such pains and penalties as, by any law now in being, persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

XI.  And be it further enaded, That on the day next after this ad shall have received the royal affent, the said commilfioners who shall have taken the said oath as aforesaid, shall meet to receive or to appoint a proper person for receiving all such applications in writing as shall be made to them from any person or persons connected with or trading to the said iflands, or either of them, for the loan and advance of money by exchequer bills as aforesaid, and shall alio then fix and appoint a day, not later than the fourth day from their first meeting as aforesaid, for taking into their consideration all such applications, and shall meet together for that purpose, and shall proceed with all convenient dispatch to afeertain the amount of the sums in exchequer bills \vhich in their judgement will be immediately requisite to be ad-

■  *........................... *  yanced

.1795-] Annoregni tricesimoquirtto Georgii III. C. 127.  477

vanced under this a61 in pursuance of applications then delivered, and shall forthwith certify such amount to the lords commissioners of the treafury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, by one or more certificate or certificates under the hands and seals of the said commissioners ; and the said lords commissioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, (hall, on receipt of such certificate or certificates, diretft the proper officer or officers at the said exchequer to deliver out exchequer bills, in the manner and under the regulations herein-after mentioned.

XII.  And be it further enabled, That the said ccmmiffioners Commiffiqu-

appointed by this a61 fhall, and they are hereby required, before ers *° cjafs any apportionment of such exchequer bills shall be made, to caufeaJ^ eftablith all the applications then delivered to be clafied according to the regulations for amount of the sums refpecfively applied for, and the nature of apportioning the securities tendered, and the circumftances, fituation, and con-  ^

nedlions, of the parties applying, as far as the fame (hail appear

upon the said applications, and thereupon to draw up and efta-blifh such general rules and regulations for their own government in the apportioning and distributing the sums to be advanced and lent in exchequer bills under this adt to the leverai persons applying for the fame, as they in their dii'cretion shall deem equitable and juft; all which rules and regulations fhall, within a convenient time, be entered in a book or books to be prepared and kept by such commissioners for that purpose; and the said commissioners appointed by this act according to the true purport and meaning of such general rules and regulations as aforesaid, shall proceed to take into their consideration all such applications, which shall specify the particulars of the sums required to be advanced as aforesaid, not being in any cafe less than the sum of two thousand pounds, and which shall tender any fe-curity which the said commissioners are authorised by this act to take for the payment of the sums to be advanced, and which shall also specify the nature and amount thereof, and from time to time, on enquiry into the fame refpecftively, shall determine what persons shall ail their judgement be entitled to any part of the exchequer bills to be advanced orient under this acl, and to what amount, and ihall ascertain the nature and amount of the securities to be required from them for the fame refpedlivelv.

XIII.  And be it further enadfed, That the said commissioners Commiffion-

appointed by this acct shall deliver to all persons to whom any ofers £ive the said exchequer bills {hall be apportioned as aforesaid by the said the^moun^of commiffioners,* a certificate or certificates under the hands and bills appor-feals of two or more of such commiffioners, specifying the amount tioned, which of the sums to be advanced and lent, to be refpedfively numbered  a^v.ar*

and marked in the course and order in which the fame shall be  eir  •

delivered, which certificate or certificates being deposited with

the proper officer or officers, shall be a sufficient authority without other warrant to such officer or officers, to deliver such exchequer bills to the like amount and value as shall be described in and by such certificate or .certificates of such commissioners ;

and

date when iflued.

Commiffion-ers may alter regulations.

Commiffion-

cations from time to time, and the treasury may direct further bills to be iffued, &c.

478 Anno regni tricefimd quinto GeorgU III. c. 127. [179^.

Bills to bear and every such exchequer bill (ball bear date on the day on which the fame (hall be iflued, and (ball and may be signed by the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, or in his name, by any person duly authorised by the said auditor to sign the fame* with the approbation of the lords' commissioners of the treafury, in writing under their hands, or of any three or more of them \ and the said commissioners appointed by this a£t shall have power and authority, from time to time, to revise and alter such rules and regulations as aforesaid, as they (hall fee occafion, but that no such revision or alteration (hall be valid unless agreed to at a board of the said commissioners confining of nine or more of them, convened upon three days notice for that purpose.

XIV. And be it further enabled, That the said commissioners daysfor^con-^  an^ aPPolnt proper and convenient days for taking into

fidering appli- consideration such applications as shall from time to time be made to them, not being in any cafe forlefs than the sum of two thou-fand pounds as aforesaid, and (ball afeertain the amount of such exchequer bills as (hall be required to be from time to time issued for the purposes of this a£I, and by bke certificate or certificates as aforesaid, certify the fame to the lords commissioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, who (hall and may, on the receipt thereof, direct further exchequer bills to be issued to such amount, from time to time, as the exigency of the cafe shall in their judgement require to be iflued, until the whole of the bills to be made out in pursuance of this act (hall have been issued for the purposes aforesaid ; and the said commissioners by this act appointed (hall from time to time pro* ceed to determine to what amount such exchequer bills shall be advanced to the persons respectively applying for the fame under this a&, and (hall grant certificates thereof to the proper officer or officers at the said receipt of the exchequer, in such form, and under the like rules and regulations, as are herein-before mentioned, concerning the exchequer bills to be first issued as aforesaid, and such officers (hall from time to time deliver such exchequer bills in the form and in the manner before directed, maae ut g XV. And be it further enabled, That such officers by whom ^ddiverecUo exchequer bills (hall be delivered, (hall, from time to time, the commif- upon the requisition of the said commissioners hereby appointed, deliver to them at their office, complete lifts of all the exchequer bills made out by them, specifying therein the respective dates and sums expressed therein, and diftinguifning therein the persons to whom, and the numbers of the certificates, by virtue whereof the fame were issued refpecHvely.

XVI. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every person and persons to whom any such sums in exchequer bills (hall be advanced or lent, (hall previously erujter into such bond or obligation, bonds or obligations, in luch sum or sums of money re-fpedlively, and with such sureties or such further securities as are herein-after mentioned, and as the cafe may require and the said commissioners (hall deem neceflaryj which bond or obligation, bonds or obligations, and fecurities, the said commissioners (hall,-

by

Lifts of bills made out to

lioners.

Perfons to whom bills are advanced to give bond.

479

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto GeorGII III. c. 117.

by their difcretion, have full power and authority to cause to be taken as herein-after is mentioned; and that every bond or obligation to be taken in pursuance of this aft, as well of the principal party as of such sureties refpeftively, {hall be to our sovereign lord the King, in such sum or sums of money as {hall be directed by such commissioners by virtue of this act to be paid to our said lord the King, by such form of words as obligations to the King’s majesty have been used to be made, and with such conditions to be thereunder written as by such com-miilioners {hall be deemed proper; and that all such obligations to be fo made (hall be good and effectual in the law, and {hall be of the fame quality, force, and effeft, to all intents and purposes, as any obligation made to our sovereign lord the now King, or his predeceftors, or.any of them, hath at any time heretofore been or now is adjudged, received, or taken to be; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.  And be it further enadted, That all bonds and obliga- How bonds tions which (hall be entered into by the person or persons to whaTfe-^ whom or to whose account any such exchequer bills {hall be ad- curities.depo-vanced, {hall be made in such fums, not less than double the fited, where amount of the principal sums contained in such exchequer bills, there are no as the said commissioners {hall in their discretion direct; and that *uretl€S» in every such cafe if the party or parties (hall enter into any such bond or obligation, bonds or obligations, without any or fuffi-cient surety or fureties, then such party or parties {hall, over and above such bond or obligation, bonds or obligations, depofit, or cause to be depofited, in the custody of the said commiflioners, or of such person as they {hall appoint, by writing under the hands of the fhid commiflioners, or any two or more of them, any exchequer bills ifTued under the authority of any aft or afts of parliament passed in Great Britain or Ireland,\ or any India bonds* bills of exchange, or other negotiable securities for money whatever, or any assignment or alignments of any mortgages, here-table bonds, or other heretable or real securities whatever, which may efFeft, incumber, or charge, the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, heretages, or other real eftates, of any person or per-fons whatfoever, having lands, tenements, or hereditaments* heretages, or other real estates in Great Britain or Ireland\ and in which exchequer bills, India bonds, bills of exchange, or other negotiable securities for money, mortgages, heretable bonds, or Other heretable or real fecurities, affefting, incumbering, or charging, such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or such heretages or other real estates in Great Britain or, Ireland, such party or parties {hall have a fpecifick interest to a certain amount, which {hall be proved to the satisfaction of the said commif-iioners, bearing a proportion not less than is herein-after mentioned, to the value of the principal sums fo to be advanced ; that is to fay, in the proportion of four to three on the value of such depofit, of on the value of the fpecific-ic interest which the party or parties depositing the fame, or caufing. the fame to be de-* pofited, (hall have therein,

XVIII, An4

5

H by 

Sureties bound for no more than they subscribe to, but no bills to be if-fuedunlefs the whole fub-fcribed a-

Commiffion-ers may take additional fe-curity as herein fpecihed.

480 Anno regrii tr'Icefimo quintoGEokGii ill. c. 127. [1795.

XVIII.  And be it further enabled. That in all cafes where any such bond or obligation {hall be entered into, with such surety or sureties as the said commissioners {hall in their discretion approve, then each of the sureties in such bond or obligation {hall be bound in such fum, and no more, as he {hall fet and subscribe against his name in such bond or obligation ; provided that no exchequer bills {hall be ifTued on the security of such bonds or obliga-

mounttodou- tions as last mentioned, unless the amount of all the sums fet and blethefum to subscribed again!! the names of the several fureties,upon the said be advanced. t>oncjs or obligations, {hall amount in the whole to double the sums contained in such exchequer bills fo to be advanced on the credit thereof.

XIX.  And be it further enadted, That it {hall and may be lawful for the said commiflioners, in all cafes where they {hall fee occafion, to accept and take, as a further additional security for any loan of any sum on such exchequer bills as aforesaid, or part of such loan, from any principal or surety in such loan, or other person or persons having any exchequer bills ifTued under the authority of any adt or adls of parliament pafTed in Great Britain or Ireland, or any India bonds, bills of exchange, or other negotiable securities for money whatfoever, or from any such principal or furety, or other person or persons having lands, tenements, or hereditaments, heretages, or other real eftates, in Great Britain or Ireland., any mortgage, heretable bond, or other heretable or real securities whatfoever, which may affedl, incumber, or charge the said real estates of such principals or fureties, or other person or persons as aforesaid, and also to accept and take as a like further and additional security from any such principal or furety, or other person or persons poffeiTed of any mortgages, heretable bonds, or other heretable or real fecurities, affedling, incumbering, or charging, any such real estates in Great Britain or Ire-land, any alignment or alignments of such mortgages, heretable bonds, or other heretable or real fecurities, and that every such exchequer bill, India bond, bill of exchange, or other negotiable security for money; and every such mortgage, heretable bond, or other heretable or real fecurity, which {hall be fo accepted by the said commiflioners, {hall be deposited with the said commif-fioners, or such person as they {hall appoint.

XX.  And be it further enadfed, That all such exchequer bills, India bonds, bills of exchange, or other negotiable securities for ^eP°^tec^  commiflioners, {hall, in default

to be fold and Payment of such loan in the manner directed by this a cl, be-the monies  come and be vested in the said commiflioners, and {hall and may

may be sued be fold and disposed of, or the monies due and payable by virtue thereof shall and may be sued for in due course of law, in the name of their secretary for the time being, for the use of the said commissioners under this adtand that every alignment of any such mortgage, heretable bond, and other heretable or real fecurity, which {hall be granted, conftituted, or made, to the said com million ers, and {hall be fo deposited by the principal or principals in any such bond or obligation made to his Majesty as >  aforesaid,

Negotiable depolits, in

for in the name of the fecretary, to whom aflign-ments of mortgages, &c. lhall be made.

1795O Anno regni tricesimo quinto GeorgIi HI. c. 127.  481

aforefaid, as a security for such loan as aforefaid; and every mortgage, heretable bond, or other heretable or real fecurity* which shall be granted, conftituted, made, or depofited, as aforesaid, by any such principal or furety, or other person or perfons, as such further and additional security as aforesaid, shall federally and refpetively be granted, conftituted, and made, to and in the name of the secretary to the said commissioners for the time being, in trust for the said commiffioners, in terms of the loan for which the fame shall be a fecurity; and the said secretary for the Secretary may time being fhall, under the diretions of the said commiffioners, yaHdat?ngS have full power and authority to perform, execute, aqd carry mortgages, into effect, any acts, matters, and things whatever, which shall recovering be requisite for the further and better alluring and validating any monies, such mortgage, heretable bond, or other heretable or real security or alignment thereof as aforesaid, and for enforcing, profecuting, and pursuing the fame, for the recovery of the sums for which such securities were refpetively granted, conftituted, and made, in all courts of competent jurisdiction in Great Britain, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame fecurities* refpetively were granted, conftituted, and made, to the secretary for the time being, as a security for his own proper debt ; and that on payment or fatisfation of the principal sums for which such security shall be given, with interest for the fame, and all costs incurred in recovering the fame, the said secretary for the time being fhall, and he is hereby authorifed, under the direction of the said commiffioners, to execute on behalf of the said commissioners a releafe, difcharge, or renunciation, of the said monies fo paid or fatisfied,to be prepared at the costs of the party or parties making such payment or fatisfation, according to the forms prescribed by law for releafing, difcharging, and renouncing, a mortgage, debt, or incumbrance, upon a real eftate; and that such releafe, difcharge, and renunciation, shall be good and valid in law, to all intents and purposes whatever.

XXI.  And be it further enacted, That in cafe any person or Perfons apply-perfons carrying on trade in a partnership or firm with any other person or perfons, shall apply for any exchequer bills to be ad- the use of vanced by virtue of this act on any of the securities herein men- partnerfhip*, tioned, and shall fhew, to the satisfaction of the said commiffion- maY giye ers, that such exchequer bills are to be advanced to such person partnedhia or persons for the use of the said partnerfhip, it shall and may be  *

lawful for the person or persons fo applying for such advance, to give to the said commiffioners, over and above the security required by this act, a promissory note or promissory notes in the partnership firm in such sum or sums of money refpetively, not exceeding in the whole the amount of the sum to be advanced to such person or perfons, with interest for the fame, according to the said act, as the said commissioners shall direct; which promissory notes as aforesaid shall refpetively be made payable to the secretary of the said commissioners for the time being, at such times and in such proportions as the advance to be made to th9 person or persons fo applying shall be stipulated to be paid by Vot. XL,  11  the

482 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127- [ 1795*

the bond or obligation, bonds or obligations, to be entered into by such person or persons pursuant to this a£t, which notes {hall be respectively made in the form following; that is to fay,

Form of partner ill ip notes.

TVE promise to pay to the secretary of the commifiioners for the ififue of exchequer bills advanced to perfns connected with or trading to the ijlands of Grenada and Saint Vincents for the time beings the sum of  with  inter  eft  for  the  fame, at the rate of five

pounds per centum by the year, from the date hereof on the day of  now next enfiling.

Notes to be Provided that Separate and distinct notes (hall be made and given Per^on or petfons as aforesaid, in respect of each inftah ment, to be paid of the sum advanced pursuant to this a6t; and it Shall be lawful for the secretary to the said commissioners for the time being to sue upon every such note.

Where bills ^ XXII. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any advance in annliedto the excnecluer bills Shall be made to any person or persons concerned use of partner- in any partnerfhip, upon the application of any person or persons Ihips, their to the said commissioners to make such advance to the use of the eftatesand ef- fa*1(J partnerfhip, and such advance, or any part thereof, shall have ble^thouRh^een a<^ua^y applied to the use of the said partnerfhip, then the other security effiate and effiecfs of such partnership shall be liable and subject to, shall have and are hereby made chargeable with the payment of the sums been taken, advanced and actually applied as aforesaid, with interest for the fame, and all costs attending the recovery thereof, as in cafe of debt found on record to the King’s majefty, notwithstanding the said commissioners shall or may have taken iecurities for the fame debt in the name or names of any other person or persons than the persons concerned in such partnerfhip, or in the names or name of any one or more of such partners; and in cafe it shall be made appear by affidavit to any baron of the respective courts of exchequer in E?igland and Scotland, that such advance, or such part thereof as aforesaid, was actually applied to the use of the said partnerfhip, and the fame being found on record, it shall be lawful for such baron to cause an extent to be iffiued against the estate and effects of such partnership to the amount of the sum fo actually applied, with interest thereupon and costs as aforesaid, in the fame manner as if the advance fo actually applied was an immediate debt from all the persons concerned in such partnership to the King’s majefty,

Commiffion- XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it ers may order shall and may be lawful for the said commiffioners, vffienfoever madet^tbem t^ie^ Iee cau^e> t0 orc^er anc^ diredt, by any order in writing, to be afficned any security which may be granted, conftituted, made, or affiign-to their fe- ed, to or to the use or behoof of the said commissioners by virtue cretary. cf this act, to be granted, made, conftituted, or affigned, to their secretary for the time being, in, his own proper name, without

any declaration of use or

truft expressed therein, and in such

form



4 S3

I795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127 form and manner as if such security had been granted, made, conftituted, or affigned, to the said secretary as and for his own proper debt, and every such security shall enure to the use and behoof of, and shall be in trust for, the said commiffioners, under and, by virtue of this a6I, as fully and effectually as if such uses or trust s had been particularly expressed therein; any thing in this a61 contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIV.  And be it further enacted, That the principal sums Princ?PaJ*~urris contained in the exchequer bills which shall be advanced or lent with interest by the said commissioners under the authority of this a6t, shall to be repaid be repaid, without deduction or abatement, together with intereff by inftal-for the fame, by inffalments as herein-after is mentioned ; (that  in

is to fay), one third part of the principal sums in such exchequer depolits mav bills shall be repaid to the cashier or cafhiers of the bank o1 England be disposed of at their office, together with intereff for the fame, at and after or sued for. the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, on or before the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven ; one other third part thereof, with like interefl, on or before the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven; and the residue thereof, with like intereff, on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and nine-ty-eight; such intereff to be computed on the said principal sum from the time of such loan to the refpeffive times of payment thereof as aforefaid; and if any default shall be made by any per-fon or persons in the payment of any sum or sums of money within the refpeeffive times herein-before limited for payment thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this a61, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners hereby appointed, or any two or more of them, by any warrant or warrants under their hands and feals, to caule the money due and payable by virtue thereof, the exchequer bills, India bonds, bills of exchange, and other personal fecurities, deposited with the said commiffioners, or such security or further security as aforesaid, and also all such mortgages and assignments of mortgages, heritable bonds, or other heritable or real fecurities, made, conftituted, or granted, to or to the use of or deposited with the said commiffioners, to be fold and disposed of or be sued for in due course of law, in the name of the secretary of the said commissioners for the time being, for the use of the said commifiioners under this a6t; and further, that in cafe any such default shall be made, Iffuretyoiy and no other sufficient security shall be deposited or given, or ^eP°fit:  *n~

that the fame shall be found or shall become insufficient in value commissioners to satisfy the whole of the demand' from such defaulter or de- may direct the faulters, it shall also be lawful for the said commiffioners, and they proper officer are hereby required, without further delay, to issue their warrant to proceed or warrants from time to time, to the proper officer or officers of the f^eties G crown, having the direction or management of proceedings upon obligations to his Majesty, requiring such officer or officers pre-fently to proceed against all or any of the persons who shall have entered into any bond or obligation for the sum advanced, his, her, and their, heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, for the re-

112  covery

484 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. [1795,

oovery of such parts of the films advanced on such bonds or obligations as (hall be then due, together with interest as aforesaid, and such costs and charges attending such proceeding, as shall be by law payable for the fame ; the amount of which principal sums lo to be levied the said commissioners shall cause from time to time to be testified by their note in writing under the hands of any two or more of them, to such officer or officers, and which Turn shall be inserted in the writ or procefs; and the like process shall and may from time to time issue as aforesaid, as occasion Monies re* shall require ; and the sums fo recovered, (the costs and charges Caid to^the ^ a^ore^ai(^<> excepted), shall be paid to the feid cashier or cafhiers of bank.  the hank of England, without abatement, dedu&ion, or delay, in fa**

Commiffion-  °f  such demands ; and it shall be in the discretion of

ers may dire<ft the laid commissioners to direct against which of the obligors in against which such security such proceedings (hall be from to time commenced °or^ f  °r Pro^ecute^ ^ and the said commissioners shall have the control

be^ommen- an<^ fuperintendance of such profecutions, and the fame shall not ced, &c. be difcontinued, quafhed, or abated, upon any pretence whatsoever, without the authority of the said commiffioners, testified under the hands and seals of any two or more of them, and exhibited to the barons of his Majesty’s court of exchequer at IVejl-minfier, or to the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, as the cafe may require.

Tnproceedings  XXV. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That where

againft obli- any proceeding shall be directed by the said commissioners as of Sare°Fadas aforesaid, against any of the obligors or obligor named in any requifite, &c. stich obligation, no writ or writs of Scire Facias shall be required to be issued ; but that, upon the production of the warrantor warrants of the said commissioners as before mentioned, before any of the barons of the said respective courts of exchequer, and in cafe such intended proceeding shall be against any sureties or furety, then upon proof of notice having been served upon such party or parties, or left at his or their usual place or places of abode re-fpe&ively ten days atleaft before such application shall be made to such baron, an extent shall and may iftiie in the first procefs, upon the Fiat of such baron, without any affidavit or other verification or proof of the cause of such proceeding than such warrant or warrants as aforefaid.

XXVI.  And be it further enacted, That if any personas surety shall give any such additional security as in this a6t is mentioned, over an<^ ab°ve such bond or obligation, or other fecurity, for any quence of any Joan as *s hereby required, and if any payment shall be made of additional fe- any part of such loan, in consequence of such additional security curity, it shall being fo given, and in discharge thereof, every such payment shall furet ^ tcTthe ^emed anc* taken to he made under the bond or obligation fame remedy entered into by such furety, and in difcharge, or in part discharge as if the pay- thereof, for the purpose of entitling such furety, his executors or ment had been administrators ; and such payment (hall entitle such furety, his executors and administrators refpe£tively, to the like remedy from iga on, prjnc]pa] debtor or debtors in the said Joan, his or their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, for the reimbursement of the sums 1  fo

If payment shall be made of part of loan in confe-

179jO Ann0 regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127.  4^5

fo paid or fatisfied, and from the co-fureties in the said loan for the like contribution, as if such payment or satisfaction had actually been made upon the bond or obligation entered into by such surety ; and if any perfon, not being a party to any bond or obligation entered into by virtue of this a ft, shall give such further security for any loan as in this a61 is particularly mentioned, and any payment or satisfaction of such loan, or any part thereof,

{hall be made in consequence of such further security being fo given, and in discharge thereof, every such payment or satisfaction shall entitle the party making the fame, his executors or admi-niftrators, to the like remedy from the principal debtor or debtors in the said loan, his or their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, for the reimbursement of the sums fo paid or satisfied as if such person had entered into a bond or obligation as furety, and such payment had been made thereupon; and that in every cafe of such payment upon or in consequence of such additional fecurity, as well the bond or obligation, bonds or obligations, of such principal debtor or debtors, entered into by virtue of this aft, as all and every the additional securities which may have been given by such principal debtor or debtors by virtue of this aft, shall feve-rally and respectively stand and remain as securities for the purpose of such reimbursement in the manner hereby directed in cafes of payment by sureties upon bonds or obligations, and until the whole of the sums fo paid or satisfied shall be fully reimbursed ; and that such proceedings shall and may be had upon any additional securities given by such principal debtor or debtors, for the recovery of the sums fo paid for the benefit of the respective parties making such payments, their executors or adminiftrators, as might lawfully have been had for the recovery of the sums due and payable to the said commiflioners, notwithstanding the said loan shall have been fully repaid to the said commiflioners.

XXVII.  And be it further enafted, That after the due pay- Afterpayment ment of the sums advanced, with interest as aforesaid, at the time °anc^\nd and in the manner herein fpecified, every such bond or obligation jntereft Q\y\[m entered into in pursuance of this aft being fully fatistied, according gations to be to the true intent and meaning of this aft, shall be forthwith de- delivered up, livered up to be cancelled; and in cafe any such bond or obligation shall have been prosecuted according to the directions of this

aft, the said commiffioners, or any two or more of them, fhall, by their warrant or warrants, direft the proper officer or officers of the said respective courts of exchequer to enter up satisfaction on such bond or obligation, bonds or obligations, fo being satisfied as aforesaid, upon the record, or otherwise to deliver up the fame to be cancelled as the cafe may require.

XXVIII.  And be it further enafted, That every bond or obli- Afterpayment gation, with any sureties or surety to be taken according to this ^UR^S, ad‘ aft, after payment or recovery thereupon by the said commissioners commiflion-6 of the sums advanced or lent, with all interest and cofts, in the ers, obliga-manner required by this a ft, shall stand and remain as a further tions with security for the purposes, and in the manner herein-after men- ^mainVsfur tioned ; (that is to fay), if any surety or sureties upon such bond ther fecurities

X I 3  or  for certain

purpofes.

 Googl

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Geokgii 111. c. 127. [>1795.’

or obligation, his, her, or their executors or adminiftrators, shall have paid or satisfied any part of such fums, intereft, or cofts, then such bond or obligation as against the principal obligor or obligors, his or their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, shall stand as a security as aforesaid, for the reimbursement to such sureties refpedtively, their executors or adminiftrators, of the whole of the sums fo paid or fatisfied, and fo from time to time until such reimbursement shall be fully made according to the intent of this a61; and if any such sureties or furety, their or his executors or adminiftrators, shall have paid or satisfied a sum which shall bear a greater proportion to the whole of the sums recovered upon such bond or obligation than the sum for which such surety respectively shall have been bound shall bear to the total amount of all the fe-veral sums of money for which all the several sureties (hall have been bound by such bond or obligation, then such bond or obligation as against each and every of the sureties who shall not have paid or satisfied an equal proportion of the whole sum recovered according to the sum for which he shall have been refpec-tively bound, their and every of their heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, refpecfively (ball stand as a security for the benefit of such sureties or furety, their executors or administrators refpedlively, who (ball have paid or satisfied any such sums as aforesaid, for the purpose of enforcing a contribution among such sureties in an equal proportion to the several sums for which they shall have been respectively bound, and fo from time to time until such contribution shall be fully Commifiion- made according to the intent of this adt; and that in every such claims^of^11^ ca^e’ uPon application of any sureties or surety to the laid fureties° and commiilioners for any of the purposes aforesaid, the said commif-'  “ ftoners shall cause the respective claims of such sureties or furety

refpedtively, and the sums to he recovered from such principals or sureties refpedtively, their and every of their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, to be adjusted and fettled as herein is mentioned, fo that the whole sum recovered (hall be distributed in equal pro-^ portion according to the sums for which each surety respectively shall have been bound in the fame bond or obligation, and fo from time to time as the cafe shall require ; and thereupon the said commiftioners, by warrant or warrants in writing under their hands, shall from time to time direcft process to issue for the recovery of such sums as they shall have fo adjusted and fettled to be refpedt-ively recovered from, and paid to, such persons refpediively as they shall fpecifv in such warrant or warrants, under and fub-jedt to the several regulations and diredcions in this a cl contained.

XXIX.  And be it further enadfed, That such process as aforesaid shall and lawfully may issue on any such bond or obligation as aforesaid, against any such principals or principal, their or his heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, for the benefit of any such sureties or furety, their or his executors or adminiftrators, and against any such sureties or furety, their or his heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, as aforesaid, for the benefit of any co-fureties or co-furety, their or his executors or adminiftrators, notwithftand-

ing

direct process for recovery.

Procefs may issue against principals for the benefit of fureties, and against fure-ties for the benefit of cosureties, &c.



1795*1 Anno regni tricefitno quinto Georgii III. c. 127.  487

ing the whole sum which fhall, have been advanced to such principals or principal {hall have been repaid; and in cafe any fure-ties or surety (hall become bound by distinct bonds or obligations for the fame persons or perfon, and for or on account of the fame advancement, all and every the provisions aforesaid shall be applied in like manner, as well for the benefit of as against such principals or principal, as if all such sureties and principals refpecfiively were named in the fame obligation.

XXX.  And be it further enaded, That every bond or obliga- ^^gSQfnc* tion, or other security entered into or given by any person or £>ankrupts in perfons, either as principal or furety, who shall afterwards become England liable bankrupt within the true intent and meaning of the several fta- to the claim tutes made and now in force concerning bankrupts, and against flioIn whom a commission of bankrupt shall be awarded and issued out preference5to in that part of Great Britain called England\ fhall, by reason and all others, force of such bankruptcy, and from the time of such bankruptcy,

become and be forfeited, and due and payable as against such bankrupt or bankrupts, and all the estate and effects of such bankrupt or bankrupts which would be liable to satisfy the demands of die creditors seeking relief under such commission of bankrupt, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with, the payment of the principal and interest due upon such bond or obligation, or other fecurity, and all costs attending the recovery of the fame ; and that the claims of the said commissioners shall be fir ft. paid and satisfied out of the estate and effects of the said bankrupt or bankrupts, and in preference to the claim of any other creditor or creditors 3 and it shall be lawful for the said commiffioners, in the name of their secretary for the time being, to apply, by petition in a futnmary way, to. the proper courts in England, having the jurisdiction of the matters of such commission of bankruptcy, to make due order accordingly, which such courts respectively are hereby authorised and required to make.

XXXI.  And be it further enaded, That every bond or obliga- ^J-3^8 aP^

J  J  O  Of"

tion, or other fecurity, entered into or given by any person or per- bankrupts in fons, either as principal or furety, who shall afterwards become Scotland liable bankrupt, and against whofe.eftate sequestration shall be awarded to creditors in Scotland, fhall, by reason and force of such bankruptcy, and from the time of the date of the first deliverance on the petition .^tion fub-to the court of session for awarding the fequeftration, become and je<5t to the he due and payable as against such bankrupt or bankrupts; and claims of the that all the estate and effeds, real and perfona], of such bankrupt or bankrupts, which would be liable to satisfy the demands of the. 9 c * creditors seeking relief under such fequeftration, shall be liable and fubjedft to, and are hereby made chargeable with, the payment of the principal and interest due upon such bond or obligation, or other fecurity, and all cofts. attending the recovery of the fame, and that the claims of the said commissioners shall be first paid and satisfied out of the estate and effects of such bankrupt or bankrupts, and in preference to the claim of any other creditor or creditors, neverthelefs, without prejudice to preferences duly obtained according to the law of Scotland, upon the real.efta tes of

11 4  perfons

—  Hosted  by 

Commiffi oners may accept from affignees, &c. security for

488  Anno reghi tricesimo quin to  Georgii III. c. 127* [17951.

perfons who (hall become bankrupts ; and it {hall be lawful for the said commiffioners, in the name of their secretary for the time being, to apply, by petition, in a summary way, to the proper courts in Scotland having jurisdiction of the matters of such bankruptcy, for making effectual the payment of the claims of the said commissioners accordingly, and which such courts are hereby authorised and required to make.

XXXIL Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it {hall and may be lawful for the said commissioners appointed by this a£I to accept from the assignees under any commission of bank-, rupt ifffued, or from the fadfor or fadlors, trustee or truftees, under turns due from any sequestration awarded against any principal debtor or debtors an Up S* in any such loan, under this adf, such security for the payment of the sum due from such bankrupt or bankrupts, out of his or their estate or effects, as the said commissioners {hall approve, and that the acceptance of such security by the said commissioners shall operate as a release of the estate of such bankrupt or bankrupts for the benefit of the creditors under the said commission of bankrupt in England, or sequestration in Scotland,, from all claims whatever by the said commiffioners, other than and except such part of the said estate as shall be specified in writing between the said commissioners and the said assignees under the said commission of bankruptcy in England., or between the said commissioners and the said fadlor or fadforS, trustee or truftees, under the said sequestration in Scotland, to be reserved by the said commissioners > for such security as aforesaid, in cafe the said commissioners shall require such fecurity.

XXXIII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadfed, That in cafe such debt shall grow due to the said commissioners from any affignees^ &c bankrupt or bankrupts, as a surety or sureties upon any such of sureties be- loan as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said commif-coming bank- fioners to accept from the assignees under such commission of rtapts, provi- bankruptcy in Englandj or from the fadlor or fadlors, trustee or fc^^ymen^of truftees, under such sequestration in Scotland, such provisional films due, &c. security for the payment of the sum due from such bankrupt or bankrupts out of his or their estate or effedls, as the said com^ miflioners shall approve, such provisional security to be void on the payment or fatisfadfion of the sum fo due by the principal debtor or debtors, or by the acceptance of other surety or sureties in lieu thereof, in the manner herein-after mentioned : pro*-vided that such acceptance of such provisional security by the said commiffioners, shall operate as a release of the estate of such bankrupt or bankrupts for the benefit of the creditors under the said commission of bankruptcy in England, or sequestration in Scotland\ from all claims whatfoever, by the said commiffioners, •other than and except such part of the said estate as shall be specified in writing between the said commissioners and the said assignees under the said commission of bankruptcy in England, or between the said commiffioners, and the said fadlor or fadfors, trustee or truftees, under the said sequestration in.Scotland? to be teferved by them for such provisional security as aforesaid, in cafe

the

Commiffion ers may accept from

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimoquinto Georgxi III. c. 127.  489

the said commissioners (hall require such fecurity: provided always, that any such release of the estate or estates of any such bankrupt or bankrupts as aforesaid, whether principals or fureties, upon any such loan as aforesaid, (hall not be deemed or taken either in law or equity to discharge any other person or perfons, or the estate or effects of any other person or perfons, or to affect any other security for the fame debt, or in any manner to prevent any contribution amongst fureties, or any demand of sureties against their principals provided for by this a£L

XXXIV.  And be it further ena&ed, That if any such surety If principal or fureties, upon any such loan by the said commissioners under

this ad, shall be declared bankrupt as aforesaid, and the princi- time pr0(jucc pal debtor or debtors thereon shall not, within fourteen days after sureties in notice thereof, and requisition made for that purpose by the said place of such commiflioners, produce another surety or fureties, to be approved i*s become of by the said commiflioners, to become bound, and who shall pay half of the accordingly become bound in the said fum, by the like surety or fUm for which fureties, in lieu of the surety or sureties fo becoming bankrupt as they were aforesaid, or pay to the said commissioners one half of the sum fureties, their for which such furetv or sureties were bound by such security or Adeemed * fecurities, then the security and securities given or entered into forfeited to by such principal debtor or debtors shall be deemed forfeited as that amount, far as to the amount of one half of the sum or sums ia which such surety or sureties were bound refpedtively; and it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners to. cause process to be iftued in the manner prescribed by this a61 against the principal debtor or debtors, his and their heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, for the recovery of one half part of all and every the sum and sums in which such surety or sureties were bound refpedlively, together with interest and cofts, to be directed by the said commissioners in pursuance of this a6t.

XXXV.  And be it further enadled, That it shall be lawful Commifiicm-for the said commiflioners, in the name of their secretary for the

time being, to apply, by petition or othervvife, to the proper p10ns bank-courts in England and Scotland refpedlively, for any commission ruptcy, Scc. of bankruptcy or sequestration against the estate or effects of any bankrupt or bankrupts, and to sue out and otherwise pursue the fame refpectively, in like manner as any other creditor or creditors is or are by law entitled to do in England and Scotland refpedHvely.

XXXVI.  And be it further enadied, That the commissioners Any person named in any commission of bankruptcy which fhall, at any time appointed by hereafter, be awarded and issued out in England, and the court of ^^rsfliaUbe feflion, or lord ordinary officiating on the bills for the time, and admitted to every officer or other person concerned in the management of prove debts, the fcqueftered estate of any bankrupt in Scotland, shall admit the

proof of any debt, or grounds of debr, under this a6t, on the oath, affirmation, or affidavit, of any person appointed by the said commissioners to a& in the execution of this a61; which oath, affirmation, and affidavit, refpe61ively, shall be taken and administered before any of the proper officers having authority by law to ad-

ininifter

49° Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III.c. 127. [1795.

minifter oaths or affirmations, or take affidavits, in cafes of bankruptcy, and shall permit such person fo authorised by the said commissioners to vote in the choice of an assignee or affignees, factor or factors, trustee or truftees, as the cafe may require, of such bankrupt's estate and effeds, and to do and execute every other ad, matter, and thing, relating to such bankruptcy, as fully and effectually as if such person fo authorised was the bona fide creditor of such bankrupt or bankrupts.

Adnotto  XXXVII.  Provided  always,  and  be  it  further  enaded, That

cutionof com" not^nS herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, missions of ~ t0 Prevent> hinder, or delay, the execution of any commission of bankruptcy, bankruptcy, by the commissioners therein named, according to &c. if estates the laws now in force in that part of Great Britain called Eng-and effects be }an^ or the proceeding to or under sequestration in Scotlandy claims ofthe6 provided that every assignment of the elfate or effects of such commiffion- bankrupt or bankrupts under the said commission in England, and era.  every ad of sequestration of the estate or effects of such bankrupt

or bankrupts in Scothmd, shall be subject to the claims of the said commissioners appointed by this ad, and until the fame shall be fully paid or secured to be paid.

Depofits  XXXVIII.  And  be  it  further  enaded,  That  all mortgages,

vetted in the heritable bonds, or other heritable or real lecurities, and all af-eommiffion- fignments of mortgages, heritable bonds, or other heritable or tain defcrip-" rea^ Securities, and also all exchequer bills, India bonds, bills of tion, who may exchange, and other negotiable fecurites for money whatfoever, sue and be given to or depoftted with the said commiffioners, under the au~ sued in. the thority and for the purposes of this ad, shall be for such purpoles fe^Telary ^ ve^e^ the said commissioners by the name of The Co nun if-fioners for the IJfiue of Exchequer Bills advanced to Perfons connected zvith or trading to the Iflands of Grenada or Saint Vincents ; and that the said commissioners shall and may sue and be sued in the name of the secretary for the time being, and that no action or fuit in law or equity, to be brought or commenced by or against the said commissioners on account of this ad, in the name of their secretary for the time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the death or removal of such fecretary, or by the ad of such fecretary, without the consent of the said commiffioners, but the secretary to the said commissioners for the time being, shall always be deemed the plaintiff or defendant in such action cr fuit, as the cafe may be, and no action or fuit shall be brought against the said commissioners colledively or individually, or against their fecretary, except in one of the said courts of exchequer, and with the leave of such court nrft had and obtained, and upon fu.ch terms and conditions as the said courts shall dired.

Five commif- XXXIX. And be it further enaded, That all ads, matters, and ttoners may things, which the said commissioners appointed by this ad arc hereby required or authorised to do or execute, shall and may be done and executed by any five or more of them, unless the fame No obligation,  otherwise  fpecialiy  provided  by  this  ad.

See. under this XL. And be it further enaded, That no obligation to his ad liable to Majesty taken by the said commissioners from and after the paff-ftamp duty.  inp-

49i

ing of this a cl, nor any promissory note to be given to the fecre-tary to the said commissioners under this acffi, as a security for the loan of money in such exchequer bills as aforesaid, nor any affidavit, depofition, or receipt, taken or to be taken or made under and by virtue of this a<St, (hall be liable to any (lamp duty whatfoever.

XLI. And be it further enabled, That the governor and di- Bank to open re61 ors of the bank of Englandfhall, and they are hereby required an account to open an account in their books, with the commissioners here- miffio\iers0m~ by appointed under the title of The Commiffioners for the lffue of Exchequer Bills advanced to Perfons connected with or trading to the Iflands of Grenada or Saint Vincents, and carry to the credit of such.account the several monies by this a£f directed to be paid to the cafhiers of the bank; and whensoever the said commissioners Commiffion-fhall have advanced or lent any sum or sums of money in exche- ers to grant quer bills, to be made out in pursuance of this act, to any person or perfons, the said commissioners (hall, at some time before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, deliver to such person or perfons, at his or their requeft, one or more certificate or certificates under their hands, specifying the amount of such exchequer bills, and the refpeefive dates thereof; and the Bank on pro-faid cafhiers of the bank, or one of them, fhall, upon the pro> dudfion of such la ft mentioned certificate or certificates, on or acknowledge before the respective days appointed for payment of the sums fo the receipt of to be lent and advanced, accept and receive from the person or monies, persons producing the fame, such proportion of the amount of the principal sums fo lent, together with such intereft, to be computed from the time of such loan as aforesaid, and at the foot of such last mentioned certificate or certificates acknowledge the receipt of the said monies, and that whensoever the said commissioners shall by their warrant or order have directed firch monies When money to be railed or levied by sale of any fecurities, or by any proceed- is railed by ings on any securities taken by virtue of this act in default of such ^ ^e^Gom* payment as aforesaid, the said commissioners {ball deliver to the ners°to” officer or officers executing the fame refpedtively, a like certifi- deliver to the cate as aforesaid, and further specifying therein the amount of the officer a fike monies-to be fo raised or levied, and the substance of such war- certfficate, on rant or order to raise or levy the fame; and the said cafhiers °f which the* ° the bank, or any one of them, (hall, upon the production of such bank to ac-laft mentioned certificate, accept and receive from such officer knowledge the or officers the monies fo raised or levied in fatisfation of the receiPt oi' the payments, whereof default shall be fo made as aforesaid, and at n,one^‘ the foot of such certificate acknowledge the receipt of the said monies, without fee or reward; and every such receipt shall be Receipts to be afterwards brought into the office of the said commissioners here- brought to the by appointed, and by them entered in proper books, to be pro- ^o^e^ntered3 vided and kept for that purpose; and the said commiffioners, or ancj attested any two or more of them, shall attest the fame under their hands, which ffiall be and return the fame to the person or persons producing the fame a difeharge. at the said office; and every such receipt fo attefted, and every such entry in any of the said books, shall rcfpectively from thenceforth



ilfued for dif charging the exchequer bills, &c.

492 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. [1795.

forth be an acquittance and discharge for the sums expressed therein, to have been received as against the said commissioners and every of them, their and every of their executors and admi-niftrators, as well to the person or persons to whom such receipts (hall be given, as to all and every the persons who have entered into any security in respect of the sums mentioned in such certificate, to which such receipt (hall be fubferibed, their and every of their heirs, executors and ad mi niftrators refpeftively.

Money paid XLII. And be it further enabled, That all and every sum and belaid intot0 ^ums money which shall be paid into the bank of England, un-the exche- der or by virtueof this a 61, (hall, from time to time, be paid into the quer, to make receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at V/eJlminJler, distinctly and good^the sums apart from all other monies, and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies paid into the said receipt by virtue of this aft shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid into the said receipt upon any other account whatever, and that all the monies fo paid into the said receipt by virtue of this aft, shall be subject and liable to the uses and pur-pofes herein-after  mentioned ; (that  is  to fay). In the first  place

to make good all  such sums as shall  have been issued out of the

publick monies for paying off and difeharging all the sums advanced in exchequer bills to be made out by virtue of this aft, with such interest  as shall be payable  thereon ; and after  payment of the fame,  in the next place,  to  make good all such  fums

as shall have been fo issued towards the charges and expences of the said commiffioners, in pu'rfuance of the orders of the lords comrniffioners of his Majesty’s treafury, according to the directions of this aft.

XLIII. And be it further enafted, That, on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven and ninety-fix, the lords commissioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall cause a true and per-bills made out, fest account in writing, to be taken and attested by the proper toereftTnd officers of all the exchequer bills to be made out in pursuance of charges, shall this aft, which shall become payable on the said fifth day of July be charged on one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and that all the said ex-the conioli- chequer bills, with the interest and charges incident to or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon the consolidated fund (except such monies of the said consolidated fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any aft or afts of parliament in that behalf); and such monies of the said consolidated fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the fame can be regularly stated and afeertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difeharging, such exchequer bills, intereft, and charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and diicharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors Bank may ad- thereof.

vance money XL1V. And be it further enafted, That it shall and may be on the credit jawful for the governor and company of the bank of England to ofthisaft-  advance

T reafury to cause an account to be taken of the exchequer

dated fund.

493

1795*1 Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127.

advance or lend to his Majesty in like manner at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of the loan granted by this a6l, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds ; any thing in an a<fI, made in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled. An aft for granting to their Majeflies fcve-ral rates and duties upon tonnage of ships and vejfels, and upon bcery ale, and other liquors; for securing certain recompences and advantages in the said aft mentioned to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

XLV. And be it further enabled, That the said commifiioners Commiftibn-herein appointed fhall, from time to time, at their difcretion, or account^of10 as often as they shall be thereunto required during their carrying their proceed-on any proceedings by virtue of this a6t, and as soon as possible ings to the after the determination of such proceedings, without any further treafury. requjfition, give an account of their proceedings in writing to the lords commi(Tioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or the lord high trea-furer for the time being.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said commifiioners appointed by this a£t, shall decline to act in the ma^r up va_ execution of the powers and trulls hereof, or having begun to cancies by a £1 shall decline to a£t any further therein, or shall depart this death, &c. life during the continuance of this a61, it shall and may be law- ^the^rea^ ful to and for the remaining commifiioners, or the major part of pur^ them, acting as aforesaid, by any writing under their hands and feals, by and with the consent and approbation of the lords com-miflioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to constitute and appoint such person or persons to be a commissioner or com-miflioners for the purposes aforesaid, in the place of the commif-fioner or commifiioners fo refusing to acf, or declining further to a6t, or dying as aforesaid, as the said acting commifiioners, or the major part of them, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit, and fo often as such cafe shall happen ; and the person or persons fo constituted and appointed by the said commifiioners, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, having first qualified to a6t by taking and fublcribing the oath herein-before provided and diredled, shall be inverted with the fame powers and authorities as are given or delegated by this a6t unto the said commissioner or commifiioners constituted by this a6l refpedlively.

XLVII. And be it further enadled, That it shall and may be Perfons ad-lawful for all perfons, bodies politick or corporate, advancing any vancingex-of the exchequer bills to be ifliied by virtue of this acl, by way charge* of loan, to any persons who may be willing to accept such exche- f pcr cent, quer bills, valuing the fame at the sum which (hall be expressed inured, therein refpe6tively, together with such interest as may have an-crued thereon at the time of advancing such I030, to charge and

receiyc

Limitation of aftions.

494 Anno regm tricesimo quinto Geqrgii III. c. 127. [1795.

receive interest for such loan at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum \ any law or usage to the contrary notwithftandi'ng. Commiffion* XLVILI. And be it further enaefted, That the said commif-ceive and^end ^10ners ^a^ and may receive and fend all their letters and packets letters free of ^ree fr°m the duty of poftage, provided that such letters and pac-pofb.ge. ketsasfhall be sent to the said commifiioners be airedled to the commifiioners for the issue ofexchequer bills at their office ; and that all such letters and packets as shall be sent by them be dated from their said office, and shall be signed on the outside of such letters and packets by such person as the said commifiioners, with the consent of the lords commifiioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, shall appoint, and under such reftridlions and regulations as the said commifiioners of the treasury (hall think proper and diredl.

XLIX. And be it further enabled. That no add ion or fuit shall be commenced againfi: any person or persons for any thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this a6f, until fourteen days notice thereof in writing {hall have been given to the secretary for the time being of the said commifiioners, nor after a fufEcient fatis-faclion or a tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, nor after fix calendar months next after the fact committed; and every such action shall be brought in the said refpec-tive courts of exchequer, and shall be laid in the county of Mid-dlcfex, or city of Edinburgh refpedtively, and not elsewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in such action or fuit shall and may General iflue. plead the general iflue, and give this adf, and the special matter-in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this a£f; and -if the fame {hall appear fo to be done, or if such action or luit shall be brought after the time herein-before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought without fourteen days notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other county or place, or after a sufficient fa-tisfadlion made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, or luffer discontinuance of his, her, or their action or fuit, or if a verdict shall pass againfi: the plain-Treble cofts. tiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble cofts, and shall have such remedy for recovering the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of fuit in any other cafes by law.

Perfons coun- L. And be it further enabled, That if any person or persons tfficates5 &c~ f°r£e> counterfeit, or alter, or caufeor procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully a£t or assist in

guilty of felony.

the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any certificate or certificates of the said commifiioners by this a<ft appointed as aforeiaid, or any of them, or any receipt or receipts to be given by the cashier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England in pursuance of this a<ft, or shall wilfully deliver to the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer for the time being, or to any officer appointed by him, or to the said com-

miffi oners

495

1^950 Anriofegni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 128.

miffioners by this a6t appointed, or any of them, or to any officer y or officers appointed by them, or any of them, in the execution of the powers of this a<ft, or {hall utter any such forged, counterfeited, or altered certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefTors, or any body or bodies politick or corporate, or any person whomfoever, then and in every such cafe all ^pd every person or persons fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

LI. And be further enabled, That in all cafes where an oath Affirmations may be administered by this a6f, it shall be lawful to administer  ac*mi<

an affirmation in lieu thereof, as the cafe may require.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An a£t for allowing a further annuity to the fubfcrihers to the sum of eighteen millions, authorised to be raised for the service of the year one thousandfeven hundred and ninety-fve^\_ June 27, 1795-]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty 7s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedfts, the Preamble.

commons of Great Britain in parliament alTembled, have resolved that, in cafe provision should be made by any a£I to be passed in this present session of "parliament, for guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on a loan for the service of the emperor of Germany, to an amount less than fix millions fterling, every contributor to the loan of eighteen millions, authorised to be raised by an a6I of this present session of parliament, intituled, An 35^eo-3‘c‘I4* aid for raising the sum of eighteen ?nillions by zvay of annuities, should an be entitled on every one hundred pounds fo contributed to the said loan of eighteen millions, to a further annuity in the proportion of sixpence per centum for every seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds by which such loan should fall short of the sum of fix millions fterling; which proportional annuity of sixpence per centum per annum ftiould be added to and made one joint stock with the annuities of eight ftiillings and fixpence, granted by the said a£I: and whereas by an a<ft, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An aid for guaranteeing the payment of the 35Geo.3x.93, dividends on a loan of four millions fix hundred thousand pounds, to rcClte^‘ the emperor of Germany ; such guarantee as is herein-before mentioned hath been made to a sum less than fix millions by the sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds : be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority

mons,

of the fame, That every contributor towards raising the said sum of eighteen millions fhall, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be intitled, on the completion of such contri- eTadt en^tbd

bution, to a further

Every contributor under the first recit-



49^ Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii HI. c. 129. [1795.

annuity of is. bution, over and above any annuity granted by the said certain1 eriod rec*tec* to a further annuity of one /billing, to continue for a from old. io, certain term of (ixty-five years and three months, from the tenth

1794.  day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and

then toceafe, and which annuity of one (hilling (hall be added to and made one joint (lock with the annuities, to which the annuities, after the rate of eight (hillings and fixpenceannumy granted by the said firft-recited aft, were thereby added, and (hall be charged and chargeable on the fame fund, and paid and payable at the fame times and in like proportions, and (hall be tranf-ferrable in like manner, and deemed to be of the fame quality, as the said annuities after the rate of eight (hillings and sixpence per annum, granted by the said recited aft ; and all powers, rules, methods, regulations, and provifions, and all penalties and forfeitures, in the said firffc-recited aft contained, in relation to the annuities after the rate of eight (hillings and sixpence per annu?ny (hall be extended and applied in the managing, paying, tranf-ferring, and accounting for, and all other matters relating to the said annuity after the rate of one (hilling per annum, as amply and as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the said powers, rules, methods, regulations, and provifions, penalties and forfeitures, had been severally and respectively repeated in this aft.

CAP. CXXIX.

An aft for enabling his Majefly to fettle an annuity on his royal highness the prince of\Nales, during the joint lives of his Majefy and of his said royal highness \ for makingprovijion out of his revenues for the payment of any debts that may be due from his royal highness ; for preventing the accumulation of debts in future ; and for regulating the mode of expenditure of the said revenues.—[June

27,1795.]

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. ^XTE, your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the V V commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being desirous of enabling your Majedy, as well to make a suitable provision for the establishment of his royal highness the prince of IVales, in consequence of his late marriage, as to carry into effect his said royal highnefs’s gracious intentions and defire, fig-nified to us, for making a due arrangement for the liquidation and discharge of any debts that maybe now due from his (aid royal highnefs, and for preventing the accumulation of debt in future, and for regulating the payment of his royal highnefs’s revenues, do humbly beseech your Majedy that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority His Majesty of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the King’s ^ mQ^ exce^ent majefty> by any letters patent under the great leal

I795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III.c. 129.  497

of Great Britain, to give and grant to his said royal highness the 65-.,oool. tothe prince of Wales, or to such other person or persons as his said Majesty shall think fit, to be named in such letters patent, and commence his and their heirs, to the use of, or in trust for, his said royal 0<£t 10,1794, highnefs, one annuity, of fixty-five thousand pounds of lawful out of the con-money of Great Britain ; which annuity of fixty-five thousand folidatedfund. pounds {hall commence and take effect from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and continue from thenceforth for and during the joint lives of his said present Majesty (whom GOD long preferve!) and of his said royal highnefs; and {hall be paid and payable at the four most usual days of payment in the year, (that is to fay), the fifth day of Ja- J nuary, the fifth day of April, the .fifth day of July^ and the tenth day of October, in every year, by even and equal portions, the first two quarterly payments thereof to be made on the day after the palling of this adt: and that the said annuity of fixty-five thousand pounds shall and may, by such letters patent, be directed to be ifiuing and payable out of the consolidated fund, during the ■joint lives of his said present Majesty and of his said royal highnefs, (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sums as shall have been directed to be paid out of the fame, by any adt or adls of parliament made previous to the time of pasting this act, and with a preference to all other payments which shall or may, at any time or times after the passing of this adt, be charged upon, and payable out of the said fund).

II.  And be it further enadled, That the said annuity of fixty- Annuitypaya-five thousand pounds shall be paid and payable at the receipt of

his Majesty’s exchequer; and the auditor of the said receipt fhall, debentures and he is hereby required, by virtue of such letters patent, to for paying it make forth and pass debentures, from time to time, for paying, to be made according to the directions of this adt, the said annuity, as the without fame shall become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof ; and the said debentures, to be made forth and passed as afore-faid, shall be a sufficient authority to the several and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, for the payment of the said annuity, according to the directions of this adt, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf.

III.  And be it further enacted, That the said annuity of fixty- Annuity free five thousand pounds, and every part thereof, shall be free and ^rorA taXes* clear from all taxes, rates, and aftefiments, and all other charges whatfoever, imposed or to be imposed by authority of parliament, or otherwife.

IV.  And be it further enadied, That the speaker of the house Commifljon-of commons for the time being, the chancellor of his Majesty’s eis aPP°irae^-exchequer for the time being, the mailer of his Majesty’s houfe-

hold for the time being, the accountant general of the high court

of chancery for the time being, and the surveyor general of the

crown lands for the time being, shall be commifiioners for putting

this ad! in execution, with relation to the powers hereby veiled 'jqiree com_

in commifiioners j and-all powers and authorities which the said miffioners

Vol. XL,  K  K  com-  may adt, and

498 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgix III. c. 129. [1795.

one to tnke an commissioners are enabled to exercise by this a£l, (hall and may baron^otTl^ exerc^ec^ by any number not less than three of the said corn-exchequer. miffioners ; and any one of the said perfons, before he shall enter upon the execution of the fame, shall take an oath before one of the barons of the coif of his Majesty’s court of exchequer (which they are respectively authorised and required to adminifter) in the form following ; (that is to fay),

Form of oath.- T A. B. dofwear, That I will aft faithfully and impartially, to the ^ bejl of my judgement, in the execution of an aft^ intituled, [here fet forth the title of the a£l], according to the true intent and meaning of the said aft.

The other commissioners to take the ©ath.

15,000b to be let apart at the exchequer, and paid quarterly to the commiffion-ers, to dif-charge the prince's debts.

30,000b for two quarters, from 061. io, 1794, to be fet apart immediately.

On July 5, 1795, and fo quarterly,

1.2501 to be fet apart at the exchequer to be paid his royal highnefs.

And every other of the said commissioners shall likewise take the fame oath, before the said commiffioner, (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the fame), after he shall have taken the said oath as aforesaid, or before any other commissioner who shall have taken the said oath, and who is hereby also empowered to administer the fame.

V.  And whereas his royal highness has been gracioufy pleased to defire, that such part of the income intended to be allotted to him as to the wisdom and prudence of parliament shall seem expedient and advife-able^ may be appropriated to the discharge of his debts, and be paid to the said commiffioners, to be by them applied to that purpose; be it therefore further enaefted, That on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and at the end of every quarter of a year after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until all the debts now due and owing by his royal highnefs, as principal debtor, not exceeding the sum of fix hundred and fifty thousand pounds, shall be satisfied and dif-charged, there shall be fet apart, at the receipt of the exchequer, the sum of fifteen thousand pounds, making the annual sum of sixty thousand pounds, which shall be issued and paid to the said commiffioners, or to such other person or persons as the said com-mifFioners fhall, by writing under their hands, or the hands of any three or more of them, appoint to raceive the fame; and the acquittance or receipt of the said commiffioners, signed by any three or more of them, or such person or persons as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient discharge for the payment of the fame; and that on the day next after the passing of this a£f, for and in refpe£t of the two quarters of a year which have elapsed since the tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, there shall be fet apart at the said receipt the sum of thirty thousand pounds, which shall and may be at any time issued to the said commiffioners, or to such other person or persons as aforesaid, in like manner, and for the like purposes as is before diredled.

VI.  And be it further ena&ed, That on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred anq ninety-five, and at the end of every quarter of a year after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there shall be fet apart at the receipt of the exchequer, during the joint lives of his Majesty and his royal highnefs, and until the determination of the said corn-

mi flion,

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129.  499

million, asisherein-after diVe&ed, provided the fame (hall determine during such joint lives, the Turn of one thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, which shall be paid to his royal highness .the prince ofWales, or to such person as shall be authorised by him to receive the fame, whose receipt shall be a sufficient discharge for the payment thereof; and that on the day next after the passing of this a£t, ^500]. f°r for and in respect of the two quarters of a year which have elapsed since the tenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and I794, to be fet ninety-four, there shall be fet apart at the said receipt, the sum of apart imme-two thousand five hundred pounds, which shall be in like manner lately, paid to his royal highnefs, or to such person as shall be authorised by him to receive the fame.

VII.  And be it further enadled, That whenever the said When the debts, now due and owing by his said royal highnefs, shall he ^ar^dC the" paid or difcharged, the said commiffion, and all the powers and commission authorities given by the fame, shall absolutely cease and deter-to cease ,* and mine, to all intents and purposes whatsoever ; and from and after 16,2-50!. to be the determination of the said commission as aforesaid, the sum °^[eriaPfor the1** sixteen thousand two hundred and fifty pounds shall be fet apart atprjnce#

the receipt of the exchequer, at the end of every quarter, and the fame shall be paid to his royal highness the prince of Wales, or to such person as shall be authorised by him to receive the fame, whose receipt shall be a sufficient discharge for the payment thereof.

VIII.  And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Comrniffion-lawful for the said cornmiffioners to demand, from all or any

the officers of his said royal highnefs, or any other person or persons persons con-who are, or shall be, or may have been, concerned in the manage- cemed in the ment of the revenues of his said royal highnefs, a true and just management statement of all and every the debts now due and owing from his °f the prince s said royal highness to any person or persons whatever; and the ^e^nQ^sa said officers, or other persons as aforesaid, and each of them, are debts, andex-and is hereby required, within such time as shall be limited for amine credi-that purpose by the said cornmiffioners, to give in fuoh ftatementtors on oath* in writing, as far as shall have come to their or his knowledge respectively ; and which shall contain the sums due, and to whom owing, and on what account, and whether any and what fecuri-ties have been given for the fame; and if the said cornmiffioners, upon such statement being made, (hall fee Caufe for further explanation or investigation of any claim or claims in particular, it shall and may be lawful for the said cornmiffioners to summon before them all or any of the said officers of his said royal highnefs, or other person or persons as aforesaid, with the books, papers, and accounts, belongingto their respective offices, touching such claim or claims, and also all persons who have, or claim to have debts outstanding againfthis said royal highnefs, and shall desire to have any benefit from any of the funds established by this a<ft, and to examine such person or perfons, or any of them, upon oath or affirmation, (which oath or affirmation the said cornmiffioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to adminifter), touching all such matters and things relating to the said debts, fo to be investigated as aforesaid, and

K K z  the

,  Hosted  by  

Creditors dif* satisfied with

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii TIL c. 129. [1795.

the consideration thereof, as {hall be necessary for the execution of the powers vested in thefaid commissioners by this adf ; and all such officers and persons are hereby required punctually to attend the said commiffioners, at such time and place as they {hall appoint, and answer all such lawful questions as (hall be put to them concerning the premifes.

IX.  And be it further enadted, That if any creditor or credi-.  tors  of his said royal highnefs, who {hall come in and claim before

outlie com- the commiffioners, within the time herein-after limited, (hall, mi hi oners after the commissioners have heard and notified to him or them may lue them, their determination upon such claim, be dissatisfied with the judgement-of the said commiffioners, it shall be lawful for such creditor or creditors to sue any one or more of the said commissioners in his or their own name or names, as a commissioner or commissioners appointed by virtue of this a61, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJiminJter, in an action of debt, or on the cafe, for the recovery of such debt or debts, and to serve such commissioner or commissioners with a copy of the process of such court, and to declare against him or them, as such commissioner or commiffioners, upon the original cause of action, in which action or fuit colls {hall be awarded to either party, as in other cafes of trials at law, provided that the copy of such process {hall be served within ten days from the notification of their determination; and no writ of error {hall be brought, had, or maintained upon the judgement in such action ; any law, ufageor cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Commiffion- X. And be it further enadted, That it shall be lawful for the crs may mfti- faid'commiffioners, in the name or names of any one or more of them, to institute any fuit in his Majesty’s court of chancery or exchequer against any creditor or creditors of his said royal highnefs, whose debt shall have accrued before the passing of this adt, touching any matters or things relating to such debts.

No affion to XI. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no ac-ed frffti0n °r ^Ult brouSht by v*rtue  a(^  Thall  abate or be difcon-

a commission ^nue(^ by the beatb or resignation of the commissioner or comer, Sec.  miffioners  in whose name or names, or by or against whom, the

fame {hall be commenced, or by the adt of luch commissioner or commiffioners, without the consent of the said commiffioners, or three or more of them ; nor shall any commissioner or commissioners be liable to pay any debt, damages, cofts, sum or sums of money, by reason of such action or fuit, out of his or their own eftate, nor to any process of execution, but shall be re-im-bnrfed all charges and expences out of the funds created by virtue of this adt.

Commiffion- XIL And be it further enadted, That the said commissioners ers may fettle fha]J be authorised and empowered to treat, tranfadt, or agree, with all or any of the persons on whose behalf any debt (hall be demanded as due from his royal highnefs, and to fettle, and efta-blifh such course and order of payment as to them shall seem fit; and whenever any debt due from his said royal highness as principal debtor to any person or perfons, or when the amount of

the

tute fuit against creditors.

the course of payment of debts, and make out debentures for the fame.

1795*1 Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129.  501

the fame (hall have been proved to the satisfaction of the commiffioners, or established in a legal course of proceeding, it shall be lawful for the said commiffioners, and they are hereby required, tocaufe to be made out, under the hands and seals of any three or more of them, one or moreTecurity or securities for the payment of the said debt, by way of 'debenture or debentures, with a defeazance thereon for making void the fame on payment, according to such course and order, and at such time or times, and under such conditions as shall be fettled and established by the said commissioners for payment of the said debts, together with interest for the fame, not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, until payment; and all such fecurities, and ^^c^tl<es sums of money due or to grow due for interest thereon, shall be the fuifds^ ° severally charged upon and payable out of the respective funds hereby efta established bv this a£l for payment of the fame, in due course and bliflied, may order, at the appointed times, and in the manner fettled and be affigned. established by the said commiffioners; and all such securities shall be assignable and transferrable, from time to time, to any person or perfons, by indorsement in writing under the hands of the refpedfive creditors, or their executors, administrators or affigns.

XIII. And whereas his royal highness the prince of Wales is anxious fill further to increase the fund to be appropriated to the dif-c barge of his debts; and is desirous that the fu?n of thirteen thou fa fid pounds per annum, out of the rents, ijfues, and profits, of the duchy 0/Cornwall, fiould be applied for that purpoje^ during such term as his Majefiy or his royal highness may continue to be interefied in the revenues of the said duchy, or until the debts now due and owing by his said royal highness fall be paid and difcharged\ (provided the fame fall be discharged ivitbin the term aforefaidf and that the fame be paid to the commissioners herein-before mentioned, in addition to the sum of sixty thousand pounds to be by them applied to the like purposes as is herein enabled, of and concerning the said sum of sixty thous and pounds; be it therefore enabled, That the receiver general, or 13*000!. another proper officer of his royal highness the prince of Wales as Jh^rev duke of Cornwall, to whom the receipt of the revenues of the 0f the ciuoJiy said duchy is or shall be intrufted, after paying and difeharging of Cornwall to the salaries of the officers of the said duchy, and the charges and he paid to the expences attending the management and collection of the fame, ers^&^^alf which shall not exceed the sum to which the said falaries, charges, yearly.' and expences, have amounted to on an average of the last live * years, fhall, during such term as his Majesty or his royal highness may continue to be interested in the revenues of the said duchy, or until the debts of his said royal highness shall be difcharged, provided the fame shall be discharged within such term, from time to time pay, by half-yearly payments, the first half-yearly payment thereof to be made on the fifth day of January one thousand feveti hundred and ninety-fix, to the laid commiffioners, or to such person or persons to be appointed by them as aforesaid to receive the fame, (whole acquittances and receipts refpe&iveJy shall be a discharge as aforefaid), the yearly sum of

k k 3  thirteen

placed in the hands of the commifiion-

502 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. [1795.

thirteen thousand pounds out of the said rents, iffues, and profits, of the said duchy, provided they amount to such sum j and in the event of the revenues of the said duchy of Cornwall not amounting to the said fum, in any one year, then the said receiver general, or other officer having the receipt of the said revenues, dial] pay over to the said commissioners such sum as the laid revenues (hall amount to, after the aforesaid deductions, and the deficiencies shall be made up with interest thereon at the rate of five pounds - per centum per annum, from any surplus which may arise in any subsequent year, to be by them applied, in the order and course to be appointed as herein mentioned, towards the discharge and satisfaction of the debts now due and owing by his fjid royal high— nefs to his several creditors, who shall refpeefively claim and demand, and who shall agree to accept, the securities to be granted by virtue of this adt, in discharge and satisfaction of the laid debts, on the terms and in the manner in this adt fpecified. Principal to XIV. And be it further enadled, That the whole of the prin-the^mon^es” °* cTa^ ^ums contained in the fecurities, to be given by the said commissioners shall be charged upon and paid out of the monies from time to time placed in the hands of the said commissioners by virtue of this adl; and that the interest to grow due thereon, as the reft ou^ofthe ^ame  ar^e> ^ria^ be borne and discharged by and out of the

60.0001.  and feid annuity of sixty thousand pounds, to be granted by virtue of

33.0001.  this adt, and out of the said sum of thirteen thousand pounds, fo to be paid as aforefaid; and the said monies severally arising as aforesaid shall be and are hereby declared and efhblifhed to be funds for those respective purpefes.

XV.  And be it further enadled, That at the end of every half year the said commissioners shall pay and satisfy all the interest then due on the said securities to be granted by the said commissioners as fund to be ap- aforesaid ; and the remainder of the said annual sum of sixty thousand plied in dif- pounds, and ofthefaid sum of thirteen thousand pounds,or such sum as shall be paid to the said commissioners by the receiver general to whom the receipt of the revenues of the duchy of Cornwall (hall belong, out of the revenues of the said duchy, shall go and be by them applied towards satisfying and difeharging the principal debt due on the said fecurities, and remain unfatisfied, in such manner, and at such times as they shall diredt.

On thedemife XVI. Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That in the event of ffithe Crinc?s  ^em^e 0f  crown during the life-time of his royal highnefs,

lfteth^o oooh the said sum of sixty thousand pounds shall from thenceforth, dur-to be charged ing the life of his royal highnefs, or until the said debts, or such on the heredi- part of them as shall remain due, shall be difeharged, be charged

ofThecrown uPon5 an<^ t^ie ^ame are hereby accordingly charged upon, the ' hereditary revenues of the crown during the life of his said royal highnefs, and shall not from thenceforth be paid out of the con-folidated fund, but shall be issued and paid out of the said hereditary revenues, in like manner, and for the like purposes, and at such times, and in such proportions, as the fame are hereinbefore

Intereft to be paid half-yearly, and surplus of the

charge of the principal.

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo quinto GeorgIi III.c. 129.  503

before directed to be iflliing and paid out of the consolidated ‘

fund.

, XVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enacfted, That in the event of the decease of his said royal highness before the Payment for^the deUs and discharge of all the debts of his laid royal highnefs, which are paid, the the said commissioners are authorised to adjust and fettle by virtue 6o;oooI. to be of this a<5l, and of all interest that may grow due on anv fecuri- ^ aParj; froni ties to be granted by the said commiffioners, the said annual sum dat^dfund'till of sixty thousand pounds (hall continue to be fet apart out of the they are dif-faid consolidated fund, and shall be ifiued to the said commissioners charged, quarterly, in even portions, and by them applied to the diminu~ tion of the said principal debts, and interest thereupon, until all such debts and interest be finally fatisfled and difcharged.

XVIII.  And be it further enabled, That no claim or demand claims to

of any creditor or creditors of his said royal highness shall be re-  1,

ceived by the said commissioners after the first day of September 1795,^0^fe-one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; nor mall any fecu- curity grant-rity, by way of debenture as aforesaid, be granted by the said ecb unl^s commiffioners, by virtue of this a£l, to any creditor or creditors made before of his said royal highnefs, on account of any debt; nor shall any that day, and creditor be entitled to any part or share of the funds hereby efta- the creditor blifhed for payment of the said debts of his said royal highnefs, or fubmitsto be either of them, unless a claim shall be made by such creditor or examme • creditors, and an account in writing of such debt be delivered to

the said commiffioners, on or before the said fir ft day of Sepietnber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and unless such creditor or creditors shall submit to be examined touching the said debt or debts as is herein-before directed, if the commissioners (hall fee cause to require him or them fo to be : provided always, Commiffion-that the said commissioners shall have power to enlarge the time farg^tun^for for delivering in such claims and accounts, if they fee reasonable delivering in cause for fo doing.  claims.

XIX.  And be it further enacfted, That if any security shall be If security be granted by the said commiffioners, on account of any debt or accepted, the debts due from his said royal highnefs, as principal debtor to any therein mC1^e creditor or creditors, and shall be accepted by such creditor or 'creditors, the said debt or debts shall be and is hereby declared

to be utterly from thenceforth merged therein, and shall not, on any pretence whatever, be fet up against his said royal highnefs, or against any person or persons who fhalhor may be joined with him as security for the fame; but that his said royal highnefs, his heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, and every person or persons who shall or may be security for the fame, and his and their lands, tenements, goods, and chattels, (hall from thenceforth be wholly exonerated and discharged therefrom, and from all securities whatever which shall have been given or entered into on account of his said royal highnefs.

XX.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That before Creditors to any creditor or criditors shall be entitled to any security by way oatMhe°na-of debenture, to be granted by the said commissioners by virtue ofture offormer this adl, in satisfaction of any debt or debts, the said creditor or fecurities, and

KK4  creditors  deliver them

not given up, may be poft-poned.

504 Anno regni tricefitno quinto Georgti II?. c. 129. [1795.

up, unless it creditors shall be required to declare, on his or her oath or affir-cannotVe^In mat^on as a^°refaid, before the laid commiffioners, the nature which cafe an^ kind of the former securities (if any) which, he, fhe, or they, they shall be or any others in trust for him, her, or them, hold for the laid debt held in trust or debts; and every fecurity, of what nature or kind soever the for the prince. farne shall be, shall and is hereby required to be fir ft. delivered up to the said commiffioners, to be cancelled, unless it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the said commiffioners, that the fame cannot be delivered up by such creditor or creditors; and if any such creditor or creditors shall obtain from the said commissioners any security by virtue of this adt,on accountofany debt or debts, withoutdelivering up all former securities for the fame, or any part thereof, every such former security fhall, for thepurpofe of securing such debt or debts to such  creditor or creditors,  be of  no  avail, but  fhall, to the extent of  the interest of such creditor  or  creditors,  be held in-truft

for his royal highnefs, in such manner as the said commissioners ^fdetTs^wher^ <^re^: ’> anc^  be  f°r  the said commissioners to

fecuritieTare6 direct  t^e payment of the  debt  or  debts of  any creditor or

creditors, who shall not deliver up such former security or fecurities, to be postponed until all other debts of his said royal highness which shall be fully disclosed (and the securities for which shall have been delivered to the said commiffioners) shall be paid off and fatisfied, or in such other manner as the said com-miffioners shall deem realonable and neceffarv.

^dTr^T^to XXI. And be it further enacted. That the lords commiffion-be iffuedan- ers °f his Majesty’s treafury, or the lord high treasurer for the nnally, forde- time being, are hereby directed and authorised to iffiue and cause frayingtheex- to be iffiued all such sum or sums of money, to such person or per-pences of exe- fons a$ ^ said commissioners shall authorise to receive the fame,

mThnpcf hie lAr  # ^  9

by any writing under the hands of any three or more of them, not exceeding five hundred pounds in any one year, out of any part of the publick money remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, which said sum shall be deemed and taken to be a part of the said annuity of sixty thousand pounds, and shall be deducted from the amount of the fame ; which sums fo to be iffiued and advanced shall be employed in defraying all the neceffiary charges and expences in or about the execution of this act; and which money fo-tobe issued shall not be subject to any tax, duty, rate, or affeffiment whatfoever, imposed or to be irnpofed by authority of parliament, or otherwife, vlif-'nccf XXII. And be it further enadted, That if any person or per-before^he fons, upon examination upon oath or affirmation before the said commissioners refpedtively, shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, every such person or persons fo offending, and being thereof duly convidied, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being such persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

to give an ac- XXIII, And be it further enacted, That the said commiffion-

count of their ers hereby appointed shall from time to time, at their diferetion,

proceedings to 0r as often as they shall be thereunto required during their carry-the treafury.  jncr

cudngthisadt, out of the 6o,oool,

commiffioners, liable to the penalties for perjury.

Commiffioners '

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129.  505

ing on any proceedings by virtue of this a<ff, and as soon as possible after the determination of such proceedings, without any further requifition, give an account of their proceedings, in writing, to the lords commissioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being.

XXIV.  And be it further enabled, That no action or fuit Imitation of {hall be commenced against any person or perfons, for any thing a lons* done by virtue or in pursuance of this a£t, until ten days notice

thereof, in writing, shall have been given to the said commissioners ; nor after a sufficient fatisfadtion, or a tender thereof, hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved ; nor after fix calendar months next after the fact committed; and every such action (hall be brought in the court of exchequer, and shall be laid in the county of Middlefex, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or fuit shall and may plead the general ifl'ue, and give this a<dc and the special matter, in evi- General iffuc« dence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act ; and if the fame shall appear fo to be done, or if such action or fuit {hall be brought after the time herein-before limited for bringing the faipe, or shall be brought without ten days notice thereof, or {hall be brought in any other county or place, or after a sufficient fatisfadfion made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the jury {hall find for the defendant or defendants ; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if a verdict shall pals against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble coffs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the fame. Treble colls, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for colts of fuit in any other cafes of law.

XXV.  And whereas it is his royal highnefs’s desire that there Jhould be efiablijhed a regular courfie of payment of all just de?nands which may be hereafter made upon his said royal highnefs, for any debt hereafter to become due, and that the accumulation of debt for the

future may be prevented*, be it further enadted, That the principal Principal of-officer or officers of his royal highness fhall, within fourteen days fi^'etomake after the paffmg this adl, prepare and make out, for the approba- out a^hnof tion of his royal highnefs, a plan of the establishment of his said the eflablifh-royal highnefs, in diflindf departments and claffes, and in such rkent of his order as he or they shall think fit and expedient, together with a highnefs, plan of the salaries and payments of each clafs, and of each individual office therein ; and shall also prepare and make out an efti-mate of the annual expences of each diftineft department in his royal highnefs’s said eftablifhment; one copy of which plan and eftimate, after being approved of by his royal highnefs, shall be lodged with the commissioners of his Majesty’s treafury, and another in the office of the treafurer, or such principal officer or officers for the time being, as shall be appointed by his royal highnefs, and another with the clerks of the two houses of parliament refpeftively; and that, from and after the fifth day ofFrom

k  J  •  7  cv  j  i795,difburfe-

july ments from

the prince's revenues to be made by the treafurer, for which he (hall be reiponhole

Plan may be altered.

506 Anno regni trieefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. [1795.

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, all difburfe-ments which shall be made out of the revenues of his said royal highnefs, for any of the purposes aforesaid, shall be m3de by the treasurer or principal officer or officers of his said royal highnefs, in the order specified in such plan and eftimare, and no other; for which difburfements, to be made in the order fo fpecified, the treasurer or principal officer or officers for the time being of his royal highness shall be refponfible, and liable to answer the damages to the party grieved : provided neverthelefs, that if it shall at any time be necefiary or expedient to alter the said plan of eflablifhment, or estimate of expences, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the principal officer or officers, or other persons concerned in the management of his royal highnefs’s houfehold, being directed fo to do by his royal highnefs, to state such alteration as may be thought necefiary to be made therein ; and if the fame lhall be approved of by his royal highnefs, such alteration fo made in the plan of eftablifhment, or estimate of expences, of his said royal highnefs, shall be lodged as is hereinbefore mentioned.

XXVI.  And be it further enadled, That whenever the debts now due and owing by his royal highness shall be paid and dif— charged, (provided the fame shall be discharged during the joint lives of his Majesty and his royal highnefs), and the said com-miffion shall cease and determine, and the whole sum of fixty-five thousand pounds become payable to his royal highnefs, or such person as he shall appoint, as is herein-before enadted, then and in such cafe the principal officer or officers concerned in the management of his royal highnefs’s houfehold, fhall, within two months after the determination of the said commiffion, form a new plan of the establishment of his royal highnefs, in diftindf departments and clafles, with the salaries and payments in each clafs, and each individual office therein, and an estimate of the annual expences of each department therein, and the fame, after being approved by his royal highnefs, shall be laid before the lords commissioners of his Majefiy’s treafury, and before both houses of parliament* within ten days after the first day of the next session ol parlia-ment, after the determination of the said commiffion.

XXVII.  And be it further enadted, That the treasurer or principal officer or officers of his royal highness for the time being, shall cause a book or books to be kept, in which all payments for any of the purposes aforesaid shall be duly entered, in the order andcourfe of payment, with the day, month, and year, of paying the fame ; and it shall be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury for the time being, from time to time, to demand an infpeeftion of such book or books, or any copy or copies of the fame, or any part thereof; and the said treafurer, or principal officer or officers, is hereby required to pay obedience to the orders of the said commissioners for that purpose.

XXVIII.  And be it further enacted, That the treafurer, or principal officer or officers, for the time being, of his royal highnefs, fhall, within fourteen days after the expiration of evei'y

quarter

When the com million shall cenfe, a sit \v plan of the efUbliftnnent of the prince to be made cut, &c.

Treafurer of the prince to cause payments to be entered in a book, which his Majesty’s treasury may infpedt.

Treafurer to cause an account to be made out

1795 ] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129.  507

quarter of a year, cause to be prepared and made out a just and quarterly of

exadi account of all the expences incurred by his royal highness expencesofrhe . , .  ..  r  r  ,  }  rJ  i  prince, whica

within the preceding quarter of a year; and every luch account fie ^a|] exa.

fhall contain and fet forth the several sums paid, and the several mine and fign, demands made, and then outftanding, on account of the expences of each department, within the .faid quarter; and the said trea-furer,- or principal officer or officers, fhall, and he is hereby required to examine and audit the said accounts, with the vouchers relative to the fame, and to sign his or their approbation of the fame, or of such part or parts -thereof as he or they shall approve ; provided that the amount thereof shall not be dif~ proportionate to or exceed the plan and estimate as herein-before is directed.

XXIX.  And be it further enabled, That upon the settlement ?-ud by war-of such quarterly account as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the p^ce °maylC said trealurer, or principal officer or officers, being thereunto au- pay the sums thorifed by warrant or warrants under the privy feal of his royal fpecifkd highnefs, to pay, in the order and course fettled as aforesaid, the therein, sums of money specified in such accounts, as the quarterly expence incurred as aforesaid, to the respective persons to whom his

royal highness shall be debited in such account; and the said trea-furer, or principal officer or officers, shall pay the fame accordingly.

XXX.  And be it farther enafted, That if any deficiency (hall How arrears arise in the revenues of his royal highnefs, at the end of any quarters quarter of a year, fo as to create an arrear in the payment of any be difcharged. claims made against his royal highnefs, and allowed as aforesaid,

fuch arrears shall be carried to the account of the next quarter, and (except in the cafe where any arrears of a preceding quarter shall likewise be carried to the fame account) shall be placed therein first in order of payment, and shall be paid first in order out of the first monies payable on account of the next succeeding quarter : provided always, that no arrear of any of the salaries or allowances mack, or to be made, by his royal highness to any officer or officers, whose duty it may be to carry this a£l into execution, or who may be concerned in the execution of the fame, shall be carried on beyond the term of one quarter after the quarter in which the fame shall have become due ; and that no arrears of any fort fhall, on any account, or under any pretence, be carried on for more than two quarters of a year after the quarter when the fame shall accrue due : and that if it shall happen that any arrears shall have been carried on for two quarters of a year, the fame shall be discharged and paid out of the sum due and payable in the quarter to which such arrear shall be carried, in preference to the arrear of the preceding quarter, and in preference to all demands that shall accrue in the quarter to which such arrear shall be fo carried ; and it shall not be lawful for any officer or officers of his royal highness to audit, allow, or fettle, any account for the quarter to which such arrears of two~ quarters shall be carried, or to ifliie any sum or sums of money for the payment or satisfaction of the claims of the quarter to

which

508 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. [1795.

which such arrears (hall be carried, until the (aid arrears shall be fully paid and fatisfied: provided alfo, that in cafe, at the end of any quarter, there shall be carried to the account of the fame the arrears of two quarters preceding, the arrears of the quarter immediately preceding shall be placed second in the order of payment, and shall be paid second inorder, next and immediately after the payment of the arrears of the quarter next but one preceding. Surplus at.the XXXL And be it further enabled, That if at the end of any clnrur to be ciua< ter °f a year any fur plus shall remain of the said revenue of Tvivl the his said royal highnefs, after paying and satisfying 2II debts and pi-nice."  demands accrued during such quarter, and all arrears of former

quarters in each department, such surplus shall and may be paid ever to his royal highnefs’s privy purfe.

Demands ao XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every creditor of his crued ihctu  royal highnefs, whose demand shall accrue after the fifth day of

to be delivered Jtlb cne thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, flaall deliver in quarterly. into the office of the treafurer, or principal officer or officers of h.s royal highness for the time being, a particular, in writing, containing the nature and amount of such demand, and signed by hurt or her, within ten days after the expiration of the quarter of a year in which such demand shall accrue, in order that the fame may be included in the preceding quarterly account, to be To demand to audited as aforefaid; and it shall not be lawful for the treafurer, or Pn"nc,*Pal officer or officers of his royal highnefs, to include in vJhat has ac- any such account to be audited as aforesaid, or to allow, any debt crued within or demand, of what nature or kind foever, which shall not have the quarter wholly accrued within the quarter of a year preceding such audit, audk^&e ^ otl:)er ^ian t^ie arrears of such preceding quarters as aforesaid, or 9  *  which shall not be presented to the proper officer of his royal

highnefs, within the time herein-before limited, and according to the directions of this a61; nor shall the treafurer, or principal officer or officers of his royal highnefs, under any pretence or colour of authority whatever, issue or cause to be issued any sum of money for the purpose of paying, fatisfying, or difeharging, any debt or demand, or any part thereof, which shall not have Demands not accrued, and be claimed, as aforesaid ; and if any person or per-delivered in fons Vvho shall have, or claim to have, any debt or demand against his royal highnefs, on any account whatever, shall not, after the nnd securities fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, de-for such debts liver a particular, in writing, of the said debt or demand to the void.  proper officer of his royal highnefs, within ten days after the ex-

piration of the quarter of a year in which such debt or demand accrued, every such debt or demand shall be barred both at law and in equity; and all bonds, bills, notes, or other securities for money, given or made in consideration of any debt or demand, whereof the particulars, in writing, shall not be delivered accord-Ofiicer ne- ing to the directions of this at, shall be null and void, to all in-gletffing to in- tents and purposes ; and that if any officer of or person employed fert demands by his royal highnefs, to whom the particulars of such debts or ac 'oimts1 li fieaiauds (hall be delivered, according to the direblions of this ahie to pay- at, shall neglet or refuse to insert the fame in his account of ment of them.  the

 CjOCK^Ic

1795O Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129.  509

the quarterly expences incurred, in the manner before directed, every such officer (hall be liable to pay the amount thereof in damages to the party grieved.

XXXIII. And be it further enadfted, That no action or fit it, No action to either at law or in equity, shall be brought, commenced, or pro-fecuted, by any creditor against his royal highnefs, in his own p^nce for any name as a party, for the recovery of any debt or demand due debt which from his said royal highnefs, which (hall accrue after tne fifth shall accrue day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, nor upon a^ter Jahr Sf any bond, bill, or note, nor upon any security to be given after the passing of this a£t, for the securing any debt or demand due

from his said royal highnefs; but that all proceeding

any

fuch atftion or fuit shall be null and void, to all intents and purposes.

XXXIV.  Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing A<ft not to herein contained shall extend to prevent any action or fuit against P^v^ftL^er‘ his royal highness the prince of JVales, by any person having any 2o-ainft the title by way of mortgage not made by his royal highnefs, or for prince, rent reserved upon any lease or grant of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, not made to or in trust for his royal highnefs, or

any aeftion or fuit against his royal highness as duke of Cornwall, in refpeeft of his duchy of Cornwall.

XXXV.  And, in order that due provifton may he made for the recovery of the just debts of his said royal highnefs, be it further

enabled, That in all cafes where a demand shall be made, or a Creditors who debt shall be claimed, which demand or debt shall have wholly accrued after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred mand in the and ninety-five, within the quarter preceding such claim or de- time limited, mand, and the particulars thereof shall be delivered to the proper may sue for officer of his said royal highnefs, to be appointed for that purpose, * ^ within the time he rein-before limited, and the fame (hall not be months after paid, it (hall be lawful for the creditor or creditors, at any time-delivery, within three calendar months after delivery of such particulars, but not afterwards, to sue and prosecute for the recovery of such debt or demand; in which action or fuit the tieafurer, or other Treafurer to principal officer or officers of his said royal highness for the time being, to whom the particulars of the demand shall have been delivered, shall be made defendant, and the like proceedings shall be had in such abfion or fuit as if the treafurer, or other principal officer or officers for the time being, were the real party therein ; save and except, that notwithstanding the plaintiff may Judgement to obtain judgement, no execution shall blue against the person of f a the treafurer, or other principal officer or officers for the time being, nor against his or their proper eftecls, but the judgement hands, shall be a charge upon the funds of his royal highnefs, which shall be in or come into the hands ot the treafurer, or other principal officer or pfficers of his said royal highness for the time being, within two quarters after the quarter in which the debt or debts for which such abfion shall have been brought and judgement obtained shall have accrued ; and such funds, whenever the fame shall be in the hands of such treafurer, or other

principal

5IQ

Officer neglecting to prepare accounts, or to r r ^  i  °  c  .  '  w

apply monies re*u^e to prepare, make up, or tranfmit, any account or accounts,

as fettled by or to audit and investigate the fame, or to pay and apply the mo-tbis act, or nies in his hands for that purpose in the order and course to be montes^&c ’^et^e<^ anc^ established by virtue of this adt, or (hall divert or mif-liable to da* aPPty fame> or any Part thereof, contrary to the diredlions of mages, which this adt, or shall wilfully omit to insert in his quarterly account maybe sued the claim or claims of any creditor or creditors delivered within court atWeft time a^ow&<^ hy this a£t, or (hall wilfully prepare, make minfter. * * UP> or tranfmit, any false account, every such officer or other perfon, fo offending against this a61, in any of the particulars before mentioned* shall be liable to pay damages to the party grieved; and that all damages incurred by any person or persons by virtue of this a6t shall and may be sued for, profecuted, and recovered, by adfion of debt, or on the cafe, in any of his Majesty’s courts at Wef minfter, with full costs of fuit, in which no effoign, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

CAP. CXXX.

An a£l for the better enabling his Majefy to make provision for a sure and certain jointure for her royal highness the princess of Wales, for the term of her life.—[June 27, 1795.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.  7E,  your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubjeCls, the

VV commons o$ Great Britain^ in parliament affembled, being truly sensible how acceptable it will be to your Majesty, that a good, certain, and competent revenue be fettled for supporting the honour and dignity of her royal highness the princefs, in cafe (he shall survive her royal confort the most excellent prince George Auguflus, your Majesty’s most dearly beloved fon; and considering the happiness which (by the blessing of Almighty God) the subjects of these kingdoms canpot fail to enjoy by a succession of princes derived from her; and well knowing that by an a£t, made in the first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne (of blessed memory), for preserving the inheritance

Anno regni tncefimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 130. [1795*

principal officer or officers, shall be liable to the payment of the debt or damages^ and cofts, recovered in such action or fuit, in preference to all debts and demands, except such as shall have arisen in consequence of any prior judgement which shall have been obtained, as is herein-before dire&ed, and a note or docquet of every judgement fo obtained as aforesaid shall be entered by the creditor obtaining the said judgement in the office of the treafurer, or other principal officer or officers of his royal highnefs, within ten days after signing the fame, in order to entitle him to the benefit of this act.  ,

XXXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That if any officer of the establishment of his said royal highnefs, or other person en-trufted with the management of his revenues, shall neo;le£i: or

1795-1 Anno regiii tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. i ;o. 5TT

of several revenues of the crown, intituled, An aft for the better 1 Anne, c. 1. support of her Majesty s houfehold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, all grants thereof (other than {itch as are therein ex-prefled) are declared to be void; do mod humbly, chearfully, and unanimoufly, beseech your Majesty that it may be enadfed ; and be it enacted by- the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and His Majesty for the King's mod excellent majefty, by any letters patent un- niicefs'of der the great feal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto her Wales'1 an an* said royal highness the princess of Wales, or to such person or nuity of persons as his Majesty {hall think fit to be named in such letters 50.000I. from patent, and his or their heirs, to the use of or in trust for the said princefs, one annuity or yearly sum of fifty thousand pounds of payi^quar-Jawful money of Great Britain, which annuity or yearly sum of terly, charge-fifty thousand pounds, and every part.thereof, (hall commence able on the and takeeffedt immediately from and after the decease of his Ma- [^e^u,e ^ ^ jefty’s said dearly beloved fon, and continue from thenceforth for his Majesty’s and during the natural life of the said princefs, and shall be paid houfehold. and payable on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July> and the tenth day of October, in every year, by even and equal portions ; the first payment thereof to be made on such of the said days as shall first and next happen after the decease of his Majesty’s said dearly beloved fon, in cafe the said princess {hall survive him as aforefaid; and that the said yearly . sum of fifty thousand pounds (hall be ift'uing and payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, such revenues, rents, and duties, as are herein-after specified ; (that is to fay), that fo long as the revenues of the general letter office or poll: office, or office of postmaster general, the hereditary duties of excife, and other hereditary or temporary revenues, enumerated and exprefted in an adt, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An afl for the support of his Majeffs houfeholdy and 1 Geo. 3. c. 1. of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, fhall, by virtue of the said adf, or any other adf or acts of parliament now in force relating thereto, be carried to or made part of the con-folidated fund, the said annuity of fifty thousand pounds, and every part thereof, shall be charged and chargeable upon the revenue, or yearly rent or rents, which shall be ift'uing and payable by virtue of the said adfs, or any of them, out of the said consolidated fund, for the support of his Majesty’s houfehold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, to his present Majesty, during his life (which God long preferve); and the commissioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, and the high treasurer and under treasurer of the exchequer for the time being,

{ball and may, and they are hereby required to cause the said annuity to be issued from time to time, during his present Majesty’s life, daily, weekly, or otherwife, for the uses and purposes by this adt appointed, out of the revenue or yearly rent or rents'-

iffuing

512 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii 1IL c. 130. [1795. .

iffuing and payable to his Majesty during his life, out of the con-folidated fund as aforesaid, fo as by the said daily, weekly, or other payments, one fourth part of such annuity of fifty thousand pounds be not exceeded in, for, or in respect of each quarter ; and fo that, upon every of the said quarterly days, the whole then due thereupon be completed, made up, or fatisfied, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

On the demise II. And be it further enaded, That in the event of the demise the annul tT  Pre^ent Majesty, the said annuity of fifty thousand pounds,

to*be charge- and every part thereof, shall then and from thenceforth, during able upon the the life of the said princefs, in cafe the said princess (hall survive hereditary re- his said royal highness the prince, be charged and chargeable merited hilaft uPon  hereditary duties and revenues enumerated and

mentioned adt. expressed in the said aCt* of the fir ft year of his present Majesty’s reign, and that the fame shall be paid and payable by and from the immediate hands of all and every the commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, receivers, and collectors, for the time being, of the said revenues refpeCtively, without any fees or charges to be de manded or taken for paying the fame, or any part thereof.

III.  And be it further enacted. That the acquittance and ac-&c.tobe adit- quittances of the said princess or her truftees, or of her royal charge for the highnefs’s receiver general for the time being, shall be a good \vhich^ii?Il be an<^ ^u®c^ent discharge for the payment of the said annuity of

fifty thousand pounds, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf; and that the said annuity or yearly lum of fifty thousand pounds, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear from all taxes, impofitions, and other publick charges whatfoever.

IV.  And be it further enacted, That if the said commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, receivers, and collectors, for the time being,

ers, &c.ofthe 0f the said duties and revenues, or any of them, (hall refuse or theTmmit neS^e<^ to Pay the said refpeCtive yearly fums, or any part there-of, to the laid princefs, her receiver general or truftees, after such time as the said annuity of fifty thousand pounds shall become or be chargeable out of the said duties and revenues, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, that then the said princefs, or such trustees as aforesaid, may fue, profecute, or implead, the said commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, receivers, and collectors, or any of them, and all or any of their fecurities, heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, by bill, plaint, or aCtion of debt, and shall and may recover judgements, and sue out executions thereupon, against the said commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, receivers, and collectors refpeCtively, and their respective fecurities, heirs, ex-■ ecutors, and adminiftrators, for such sum and sums of money then due and owing upon the said annuities, amounting to fifty thousand pounds per annum, or any part thereof, as shall be in the hands of the said commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, receivers, and collectors refpeCtively, of the said refpeCtive duties or revenues, at the time when demand shall be made of the payment of the said yearly fum, or any part thereof.

V.  And

Acquittance of the princefs,

free from taxes.

The princess may lue the commiffion-

1795-] Annoregni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 13 r* 513

V.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That His Majesty’s all and every the powers, precepts, directions, and claufes, to be f-Q^he^nnuU contained in his Majesty’s letters patent to be made as aforesaid, -ty to good, for the better and more certain payment and afiurance of the said notwithftand-yearly sum of fifty thousand pounds per annum, {hall be, and are ing anY re“ hereby enabled to be good and effectual in the law, according to fhe^aftHmen-the tenor and purport of the said letters patent, to be exprefied, tioned abt. notwithdanding any reflriblion, or other matter or thing contained in the said abt of parliament, made in the first year of her

late Majesty’s reign, intituled, An a cl for the better support of her Majesty s houfehold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, and any mil-recital, non-recital, omillion, or other defebl, in the said letters patent, in anywise notwithstanding.

VI.  And be it further enacted and declared by the'authority

aforefaid. That the said yearly sum of fifty thousand pounds {hall Annuity to be .  ,  ,  a,  '  ,  3 r rr. , r paid without

be paid to her royal high nets, or to her uie, or ror her benefit,

without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken by the officers of the exchequer, or any others, for payment thereof.

VII.  And^ in order to prevent any doubts which might arise refpedl-big the right of her royal highness the princess of Wales, in the event ef her surviving bis royal highness the prince of Wales, to dozver, or to any part of the personal eft ate of his royal highnefs, over and above the jointure hereby provided for her royal highnefs; be it

enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the acceptance by her Annuity_to be royal highness of the jointure herein provided shall be, and be  0

deemed to be, a bar to any right or claim to dower, or to any part of the personal efcate of his royal highnefs, in the event of her surviving his royal highnefs.

VIII.  Saving to all and every person and perfons, bodies poll- Refervation tick or corporate, their heirs, executors, adminftrators, and ofrights. afligns, (other than the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors,

and other than to such person or persons who do or may {land seised or possessed in trust for his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef-fors), all such right, title, intereil, and demand whatsoever, which they, or any of them, have or may have, of, in, to, or out of, the revenues, rents, or duties aforesaid, or any part thereof reflectively, before the making of this a61, as fully and efteblually, to all intents and purposes, as if this abt had not been made; this a£l, or any thing therein contained, to the contrary notwith-ftanding,

CAP. CXXXI.

An a61 for repairing the common fewer in New Bridge Street, Black 1 Friars, in the city of London, or making a new fewer instead of the defective part or parts thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing the fame.

Vol* XL.  L  t  an

A N

ALPHABETICAL INDEX

T O T H E

FIRST PART OF the XLth VOLUME

O F T H E

STATUTES at LARGE;

Parted in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George III.; in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, being the fifth Sertion of the seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain, which began the thirtieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and ended by Prorogation on the twenty-feventh Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

A.

Aberdeen, Scotland.

1.  npO continue, alter, and en-

JL large ad 13 Geo. 3. c. 29. for deepening, cleanling, See. the harbour of Aberdeen, for erecting new piers and quays, and for regulating ships and vertels trading to the said harbour. Chap. 41.

2.  See Paving. Chap. 76.

3.  See Water. Chap. 76.

Addrejfes of the House of Commons.

47,649/. 1 s. 5d. ifiued pursuant to addresses of the house of commons. Chap. 120.

Agriculture.

3,000/. to the board of agriculture. Chap. 120.

Alderney.

Security required by 33 Geo. 3. c. 34. not to reland captured goods in Great Britain, &c. extended to Alderney. Chap. 31. f. 3.

Ale.

See Licences. Chap. 113.

Aliens.

Africa.  1.  To  continue  an &d refpeding

f r _  aliens  in  this  kingdom. Chap.

1.  20,000/. for forts there. Chap. y^

I20#  .  2.  1,089/.  6s,  2d.  for expences occa-

2.  4,069/. 2s. to James Willis, efq. fioned by the alien ad. Chap, for forming an eitabhmment in I20

Africa. Same ad.

American

Bat

American Loyalijls.

1.  204,549/. 6s. 1^. for part of orders ot American lovalifts. Chap. 120.

2,  55,091/. 17*. more for the fame. Same aft.

American Sufferers.

24,500/. for American fufferers. Chap. 120.

Annuities.

See Conffolidated Annuities. Chap. 14. 28.

Appeal.

1.  See Bridges. Chap. 78,79.

2.  See Paving. Chap. 74, 75.

Artillery.

1.  For augmenting the royal corps of artillery. Chap. 83.

2.  Colonels to discharge militia men trained for the artillery who (hall desire it, in order to enlist in the artillery. Same aft, f. 1.

3.  Men entering into the artillery under this aft intituled to the bounty. Same aft, f. 4.

Axholme, JJle off IJncolnffhire. See Incloffures. Chap. 107.

B.

Bail.

^JSTHERE persons committed * * by aft 26 Geo. 3. c. 77. are detained for want of. bail, the pro-fecutor may cause a copy of the in-diftment to be delivered with notice that unless an appearance, &c- be entered in a limited time, an appearance and the plea of not guilty will

Bou  515

be entered, and if on trial the defendant shall be acquitted, the judge may order his difcharge. Chap. 96.

Bahama Ijlands.

4,050/. for the civil eftablfhiment there. Chap. 120.

Ballaftage.

See Lajlage and Ballajlage. Chap. 84.

Bedfford Level.

See Draining. Chap. 77.

Belton, Lincolnfhire.

See Incloffures. Chap. 107.

Bermuda.

580/. salary of the chief justice of Bermuda or Somers Ijlands. Chap. 120.

Bewdleyy Worcejlerffhire.

See Bridges. Chap. 78.

Bigamy.

Perfons convicted in England and of bigamy liable to tranfporta-tion, and returning before the expiration of the term they are tran-fported for, to suffer death. Chap.. 67.

Biffhcp, Sir William.

Sir William Bijhop and company may continue to make Maidffone geneva until July 5, 1797. Chap. 89. f. 2.

Botolph, {Saint) Bijhopffgatc.

See Poor. Chap. 61.

Bounties.

See Linens. Chap. 38.

' ll,2  Brandy*

■

5^6'

Can

Brandy.

See Excife. Chap. 12.

Bridges.

1.  For building a bridge over the river Severn at Bewdley in JForce fterjhire. Chap. 78.

2.  For amending an aft for building a bridge over the.river Thames at Henley in Oxford fire. Chap. 79.

3.  For rebuilding a bridge across the river Severn near Redfone in /%r-ujler'jhire. Chap. 108.

Bridgewater, Duke of.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 44.

Brunfwick, Duke of.

92,242/. ifTued for troops of the

duke of Brunfwick. Chap. 120.

c.

Canals, Navigable.

1.  /HP^Q authorise proprietors of the

A Grand Junction Canal to vary the courfeof part of the said canal in the county of Hertford, and for amending and altering 33 Geo. 3. c. 80. for making the said canal. Chap. 8.

2.  For making a navigable cut from the Grand function Canal in the precinct of Norwood to Paddington in Middlefex. Chap. 43.

3.  To enable Francis duke of Bridge-ivater to make a navigable cut from his present navigation in IVor fey, to Pennington, near the town of Leigh in Lane afire. Chap. 44.

4.  For making a navigable canal from Southampton to the city of New Sarumin Wiltflrire. Chap. 51.

5.  The like from the river Thames or Ifs, at Abingdon in Berk fire, to

' Che

communicate with the Rennet and Avon canal at Trowbridge in Wilt-fire. Chap. 52.

6.  For making a navigable cut from the Stratford-upon-Avon canal, in the parifii of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham canal, in the manor of Kir.gfivocd, in Warwick fire. Chap. 72. ‘

7.  For making and extending a navigable cut from Watford to Saint Alba?2S in Hertfordfire. .Chap,

8S-

8.  For makmg and maintaining a navigable canal from and out cf the navigation from the Trent to the Merfey near Stoke-upon-Trcnt in Staffordjhire, to Newcaf le- under-Lyme. Chap. 87.

Canada, Upper.

7,175/. for the civil establishment there. Chap. 120.

Cape Breton, If and of.

1,800/. for the civil eflablilhment of the iiland of Cape Breton in Ame~ rica. Chap. 120.

Cartlon Houfe.

25,000/. for compleating Carlton Houfe. Chap. 120.

Carts.

Carts with less than four wheels used principally in hufbapdry or trade, having the words, “ A "axed Cart” on them, to pay ior.a year, in lieu of the duties by 25 Geo. 3. c. 47. and 29 Geo. 3. c. 49. and horses drawing such carts not liable to any duty. Chap. 109.

Chelfea Hofpital.

149,856/.  15s. id. for Chelfea

Hofpital.  Chap. 120.

China•

Con

China.

See Wines. Chap. 118.

China Ware.

China ware imported by the Eafl India company before April i, 1795, if exported within five years, inti tied to drawback. Chap. 98.

Chocolate. ,

A drawback to be allowed on the exportation of chocolate made in Great Britain.  s.  d.

Of cocoa nuts, the produce of any Britijh colony in America, per pound  O  5

Of the produce of any other place, per pound  I  4

Chap, x3. f. 4.

Chriffs Hofpital, London.

To enable the mayor and commonalty and citizens ofZ^Wtf/zand governors of Chriffs Hofpitals, to perch a fe houses and ground for enlarging ChrijVs Hofpitals in London and Hertford, and erecting additional buildings thereto. Chap. 104.

Churches.

1.  For amending former a6t for building a church at Hackney, Middle-fex, and for railing a further sum of money to complete the church. Chap. 70.

2.  For building a new church or chapel in Halifax in York fire. Chap. 71.

Coals.

1.  Coals allowed to be exported from

Newcaflle and Swanjea to Jerfiy, Guernfey, and Alderney, by 6 Geo.

3.  c. 40. not liable to additional duty. Chap. 20. f. 4.

2.  See Cuflomt. Chap. 20.

3.  See Penny gored Works, Chap. 39.

"  , Cof  517.

Cocoa Nuts.

1.  See Chocolate. Chap. 13.

2.  See Excije. Same a61.

3.  See Coffee and Cocoa Nuts. Chap.

118.

<2/?^ Cocoa Nuts.

t. See Excife. Chap. 13. .

2.  Commiflioners of excise in Great Britain to provide warehouses for lodging coffee and cocoa nuts, and to appoint officers to attend them. Chap. 118.

3.  Officers of excise to mark casks of coffee or cocoa nuts on board ships importing them, and if un-fhipped before, they may be feized. Same a61, f. 10.

4.  Within fourteen days after being warehoused the coffee and cocoa to be taken out of the casks by the importer and weighed, at which time the damaged parts may be feparated, &c. and importers not complying with the diredtiuns of this a61 to forfeit 50/. Same a6t, f. 1 r.

5.  Duties imposed by 27 Geo. 3. c.

13.  and 35 Geo. 3. c. 13. to extend to coffee and cocoa delivered tor home consumption out of warehouses provided under this a6f. Same a61, f. 13.

6.  Regulations for taking coffee and cocoa out of warehoufes, audit may be delivered for home ccn-fumption on production of certificates of payment of duties, and no warehoused coffee or cocoa to be delivered but in the intire cafk, and not less than 112 pounds, and warehoufe.* rent of is. a ton to be paid before delivery of coffee or cocoa. Same a6t, f. 14.

7.  If coffee or cocoa be not taken out of warehouses within three years, it may be fold for payment of duties, &c. and 100/. penalty for obfirudting officers or refeuing coffee, &c# Same a6t, f. 21.

l l 3  Comviiffwners

Con

5i8

CommiJJioners of Land Tax*

For appointing commissioners of land tax. Chap. 17.

Conjolidated Annuities.

I. Contributors towards railing eighteen millions, for every one hundred pounds, entitled to the principal sum of one hundred pounds three per cent, consolidated annuities, from Jan. 5, 1795, the principal sum of thirty-three pounds fix shillings and eight-pence four per cent, annuities from Oft. 10, 1794, and a further annuity of eight shillings and sixpence for fixty-iive years and a quarter from Oft* 10, 1794. Chap, 14.

2. Every contributor to the loan of eighteen millions under Chap. 14. of this feffion, inti tied to a further annuity of one (hillingper cent, for fixty-five years and a quarter from Oft* 10, 1794* Chap. 128,

Confolidated Fund.

1.  2,895,000/. may be issued out of the consolidated fund. Chap. 120.

2.  848,915/. 4;. 2d. 3q. to complete the sum granted out of the consolidated fund for 1794. Same adt.

Convifts.

1.  11,463/. 135. 8d. to Duncan Campbellf, efq. for convids on the river Thames. Chap. 120.

2# 15,44ol. 5s. nd. 2q. to fames Bradley, efq.. for convids in Long-Jhneand Portfmoutbharbours. Same ad.

Conway, Henry Seymour-

For vetting for a certain term of years in the right honourable Henry Seymour Conway, the foie property of

Cuf

a kiln or oven by him invented for burning lime, and for the ule of dif-tiilers and brewers. Chap. 68.

Corn.

1.  To prohibit the exportation and permit the importation of com. Chap. 4.

2.  His Majesty in council may prohibit the exportation from Great Britain of any wheat,* &c. and permit the importation of any foreign corn, cxc. duty free, as a]lb the ' taking out foreign corn from ware-houfes for home confumption, &c. Same ad, f. 1.

3.  His Majesty in council may permit the carrying coaftwife, &c. corn, &c. for the purposes mentioned in 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. and 33 Geo. 3. c. 65. Same ad, f. 2.

4.  Certain articles may be imported into Great -Britain from any place in British vettels, orvefiels belonging to places in amity with Ids Majesty, duty free. Same ad, Same ad, f. 3.

Cojls, Double.

See Weft India Ijlands. Chap. 57*

Cojls, Treble.

See Bridges. Chap. 78. See Exchequer Bills. Chap. 127. See Militia. Chap. 27. See Navy. Chap,

5.  9. 19. 34. See Navy Bills. Chap.

32. See Paving. Chap. 74, 75. See Pofl Office.  Chap. 62. See

Saint Mary le Bone. Chap. 73, See Stamps. Chap. 30. See Temple Bar. Chap. 126. See Wales, Prince of* Chap. 129. See Whale Fifhery. Chap, 92.

Cufioms. •

Certain duties of customs on the importation of fruit, failed oil, watte

fiik,

Dif

filk, and timber, and on the expor-taion of Britifb rock fait and coal. Chap. 20.

Cutters.

The provisions in 34 Geo. 3. c. 50. extended to every cutter, lugger, lhallop, &c. of any built whatfoever. Chap- 31.

D.

Dartmouth.

gEE Exclfe. Chap. 10.

Derhyjhire.

For applying money raised in tile county of Derby by several acts of parliament respecting the militia. Chap. 16.

Difiilleries.

From Old. 10, 1795, the following additional duties to be paid in Scotland^  /. s. d.

For each gallon of the contents of every dill for making spirits (fave as excepted by 33 Geo. 3. c. 6where Brit/Jh materials are used annually, 900

Where me lades or sugar are ufed,  15 o O

Where other foreign materials are ufed,  180 0

And for each gallon of rectifying dills,  900

Chap. 59.

Diftillers.

No didiller to use any wheat or wheat flour in making wort for extrading fpirits, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next feldon of parliament, on penalty of 500/. and persons aiding

Exc  5  r  9

didillers in such ufe, to forfeit 20/. Chap. 11. f. 8.

Domingor {Saint) IJland of.

1,059/. 14-n for French proprietors there. Chap. 120.

Dominica.

600L salary of the chief justice of the island of Dominica. Chap. 120.

Draining.

For improving the drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Bedford Level, and the low lands near the river Ouze in Norfolk, draining through the fame to sea by the harbour of King's Lynn. Chap. 77.

Drawbacks.

See Chocolate. Chap. 13.

E,

Epworth) Lincolnfhire.

SEE Inclofures. Chap. 107.

Exchequer Bills.

1.  The treasury empowered to raise 2,000,000/. by loans or exchequer bills for the service of the year

1795.  Chap. 21.

2.  1,500,000/. more for the fame year. Chap. 22.

3.  His Majesty may raise 2,500,000/. by exchequer bills. Chap. 37.

4.  2,000,000/. for discharging exchequer bills made out under 34 Geo. 3. c. 28. Chap. 120.

5.  1,500,000/. for discharging further exchequer bills made out under 34 Geo. 3. c„ 29. Chap. 120.

b 1* 4  (3$

 CjOO^Ic

6* 2,500,000/. for discharging exchequer bills made out under 34 Ge°. 3. c. 62. Chap. 120.

7* ^ 1*500,000/. exchequer bills to be issued lor the purpoles of this adh Chap. 127.

8.  Exchequer bills of 150/. each may be iiTued, and bear an interefi of 3'/. per cent, per day, and payable 'July 5, 1796. Same adt, f* 3.

9.  Commifiioners appointed to advance and lend exchequer bills to persons connected with the idands of Grenada and Saint Vincent'5, and may meet and appoint officers, administer oaths, allow falaries, &c. Same adt, f. 5.

10.  Treafury to iffiie money for defraying the charges of executing this adt, and an account to be laid before parliament, and persons giving false evidence guilty of perjury. Same adt, f. 9.

11.  Commifiioners to receive applications for the loan of exchequer bills, and to certify the amount wanted to the treafury, who shall direct their ifiue, and commissioners to class applications and eftabl fh regulations for apportioning the sums to be advanced. Same adt,

f. 11.

'12. Commiffioners to give certificates of the amount of bills apportioned, which shall be a warrant for their delivery, and bills to bear date when iffiued, and commissioners may alter regulations and appoint days for considering applications, and the treasury may direct further bills to be iiTued. Sameadl, r. 13.

23.  Perfons to whom bills are advanced to give bond and negocU able depofits, in default of payment of loans to be fold, and the money sued for in the name of thefecretary, to whom assignments of mortgages are to be made, and secretary may dp all acts for validating mort-

gages, recovering monies, &c. Chup. 127. f. j6.

14.  Perfons applying for exchequer bills for the ule of partner (hips may give notes in the partnerihip firm, and where bills lhall have been applied to the use of pan nerfhips, their estate and eiTedts to be liable, though other security (hall have been taken. Same'adt, f. 21.

15.  Commiffioners may order fecu-rities made to them to be a digued to their fecretary, and principal sums advanced with interest to be repaid by inftalments, and in default the deposits may be difpoied of or sued for. Same adt, f. 23.

16.  Procefs may iffiue against principals for the benefit of fureties, and again# sureties for the benefit of co-fureties, and estates of bankrupts in England and Scotland liable totheclaim ofcommiffioners in preference to all others, and commissioners may accept from affignees, &c. feeuiity for sums clue from bankrupts. Same adt, f. 29.

! 17. Five commissioners may adt, and no obligation, &c. under this act liable to (damp duty, and the bank to open an account with the commiffioners, and commissioners to grant certificates of bills advanced. Same act, f. 39.

18.  Treafury to cause an account to be taken of exchequer bills made out, which with interest and charges shall be charged on the consolidated fund, and persons advancing exchequer bills may charge 5/. per cent, intereft. Same adt, f. 43.

19.  Commiffioners may receive and fend letters free of poftage, and persons counterfeiting certificates, &c. guilty of felony, and affirma-* tions may be adminiftered. Same ad, f. 48.

Exciji,

Excife,

1.  For every tun of French wine imported into Great Britain, for which all the duties were not paid by Feb. 23, 1795, an additional duty of 30/. and for all other forts of wine 20/. per tun. Chap. io.

2.  ¥ or French wine found in (lock on the first survey after Feb. 23, 1795? 30/. per tun, and for other wine, 20/. and for every barrel of fwcets made in Great Britain for fale,

1ir. 7d, iq. Sameadt.

3.  How wine found in flock shall be eflimated, and the duties thereon paid, but no duty where the dock does not exceed two hundred and fifty-two gallons. Same act, f. 3.

4.  Aft 33 Geo. 3. c. 48. allowing a drawback of duties on wines used on board the navy to extend to the port of Dartmouth, and a drawback of the duty imposed by this aft to be allowed for wine uied on board the navy. Same aft, f. 5.

5.  For wine contracted to be fold, the additional duty may be added to the price, and for prize wine taken out of the warehouse for home conlumption, the additional duty to be paid, and. a drawback to be allowed on exportation of foreign wines, agreeably to 26 Geo.

3.  c. 59. Same aft, f. 7.

6.  Additional duties of excise from Feb. 23, 1795* viz.

s, d,

Wafh made in England from grain, for home eonfump-tion, per gallon,  o  I

Wafh, &c. from other Britijh

materials, per do.  X)  I

-----from melaffes or fugar,

per do.  o  ij

-----  from  other foreign materials, per do.  o  2

for ninety-fix gallons of wash jflade by MelT. Rijbop from

s. d•

one hundred and twelve pounds of corn,  2  8J

Chap. 11.

7.  Wafh made in England according to 28 Geo. 3. c, 46'. for importation to Scotland, not liable to additional duty. Same aft, f. 3.

8.  Additional duties of excise from Feb. 23, 1795, viz.

s. J.

For single brandy imported, per gallon,  o  IO

Brandy above proof, per do. 1  8

Rum, &c. of the Britijh colonies, per do.  o  8

Do. above proof, per do.  1  4

Do. warehoufed, per do.  o  8

Do. above proof, warehoufed,

per do.  1  4

Single spirits imported, other

than as aforesaid, per do. 010 Do. above proof, per do.  1  8

Chap. 12.

9.  Additional duty on spirits imported from the Britijh colonies may be bonded, &c. as the present duties and prize spirits taken out of warehouses liable to additional duty. Same aft, f. 2.

10.  Duties on spirits of the Britijh colonies to be allowed on Ship’s Fores and persons delivering foreign spirits after Feb. 23, 1795, on contrafts made previous thereto, may add to the price a sum equivalent to the duty. Same aft, f. 5.

11.  Additional duties of excife, viz.

For tea fold by the Eajl India company, 7/. ioj. per cent, upon the price. Cocoa nuts of the growth of Britijh colonies in America delivered out of warehouses for home confumptipn, 6d. 2q, per pound, and of the growth of any other place, is, 8d, per pound, and for

coffee

 GoOglC

52 2-  F  la

coffee fo delivered, 6d. 2q. per pound. Chap. 13.

12.  Duty on tea to be deemed an inland duty, and drawn back on exportation, and die duties on tea, cocoa nuts and coffee to be levied, etc. agreeable 10 acts relating to the excife, and prise tea, coffee and cocoa nuts liable to the additional duty. Same a cl, f. 2.

13.  See Scotland. Chap. 31.

14.  See Hides and Skins. Chap. 97.

15.  See Licences. Chap. 113.

16.  To remove doubts arising from the conltrudVion of adls 35 Geo.

3.  c. 10, Ti, 12, and 13. refpedt-ing the duties of excile thereby granted on wart), coffee, cocoa nuts, foreign fpirits, wines and fweets. Chap. 116.

Exportation.

See Corn. Chap. 4.

F.

Ger

ftates in amity wiih his Majefly,un-til twenty days after the commencement of next session of parliament. Chap. 100.

France.

1.  98,410/. for the fufFering clergy and laity of France. Chap. 120.

2.  37,500/. for the fame and former officers of the marines, &c. Same adt.

Friendly Societies.

See Societies, Friendly. Chap. in.

Fruit.

See Cujloms. Ch3p. 20.

G.

Gainjburgh, Lincoln/hire. C^EE Inclofures. Chap. 82.

Fencible Cavalry.

5.  280,048/* 85. 3^. for fencible cavalry. Chap. 120.

2- So,coo/, for bread allowance, &c. to them. Same adt.

Firjbury Square, Middlefex.

See Paving, &c. Cliap. 45.

Fijhery.

1.  See Maclarel. Chap. 54.

2.  To continue and amend acts 26 Geo. 3. c. 81. and 27 Geo. 3. c. 30. for the more effectual encouragement of the Britijh fifheries, and vessels clearing out between

1,  and Ak;. 20, intitled to bounties. Chap. 56.

Flax.

Flax and flax feed may be imported in any vessel belonging to

General Iffiue.

See Bridges. Chap. 78. See £V-chequer Bills. Chap. 127. See Militia. Chap. 27. See Navy. Chap,

5.  9. 19. 34. See -Atoy Bills. Chap. 32. See Paving. Chap. 74, 75. See P0/? Office. Chap. 62. See Saint Mary le Bone. Chap. 73. See Stamps. Chap. 30. See Temple Bar. Chap. 126. See Wales, Prince of. Chap. 129. See Whale Fijhery. Chap,

92.

Geneva,

See Bifhop, Sir William. Chap. 89.

Germany, Emperor of.

1.  For guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on a loan of 4,600,000/. to the emperor of Germany. Chap. 93.

2,  Contributors to the loan of adt 25

Geo,

Her

523

Hac

Geo. 3. c. 14. may subscribe to the loan to the emperor, and on failure of his paying the interest and annuities, the fame to be paid at the bank,and charged upon the coniolidated fund, and the bank to provide a book for entering debentures and annuity bonds, and a duplicate to be transmitted to the auditor of the exchequer. Chap, 93, r. 1.

3.  Agents of the emperor may pay to the bank the dividends due on the loan, and if the whole dividends be not paid, the cashier to certify the fame to the directors cf the bank, which (hall be tranf-mitred to the treafury, who shall cause the deficiency to be issued from the consolidated fund, &c. Same adl, f. 3.

4.  Debentures and annuity bonds ilTued in the name of the emperor may be entered at the bank and transferred, and persons forging debentures, annuity bonds, letters of attorney, &c. guilty of felony. Same act, f, 5.

Glafs

For better securing the duties on glafs. Chap. 114.

Grand J until on Canal.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 8. 43.

Grants.

744,057/. 11s. id. for deficiency of giants in 1794. Chap. 120.

Grenada, IJland cf.

See Exchequer Bills. Chap. 127.

H.

Hackney, Middlefex. v <gFE Churches, Chap. 7q.

Halifax, Torkfhire.

.See Churches. Chap. 71.

Hanoverians.

495,655/. for eighteen thousand Hanoverians. Chap. 120.

Harbours.

See Aberdeen. Chap. 41.

Haftings, Warren, Efquire.

4,794/. 6s. 6d. for expences of trial of Warren HaJtingS) efq. Chap, 120.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Penalty inflidfed on hawkers trading without a licence, or not producing it, may be levied by distress of the goods* and rePtridlions as to felling within two miles of a market town by f. 16, 17, and 18. of adt 29 Geo. 3. c. 26. repealed. Chap. 91,

Haxey, Lincolnfhire.

See Inclofures. Chap. 107.

Hay don, Northumberland.

For taking down the chapel of Hayden in-the pari fin of Warden, in Northumberland, and for building a new chapel, Chap. 47.

Henley upon Thames.

1.  For widening some part of the high street and market-place there# Chap. 79.

2.  See Bridges. Same adh

3.  See Paving. Same adt.

Herrings,

Herrings not intitled to 20;. per ton, but to is. per barrel, afterwards cured to be paid is.per barrel more, and

herrings.



lie

524  2nd

herrings, &:c. sprinkled with fait on landing, may be carried coastwise in bulk free of duty. Chap. 56. f. 3*

Heffians.

68,850/. 12s. od. 1 q for extraor-dinanes of He fans employed in dme~ nca. Chap. 120.

Hides and Skins.

Hides and skins tanned by any method whatever to be deemed within the meaning of the a6ls relating to the duties on hides and fkins. Chap.

97-

1.

Importation.

QEE Corn. Chap. 4.

O

Inclojures.

1.  For inclofing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking and improving the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, commons, wades, and other uninclosed grounds in Gainfburgh, Lincoln-(hire. Chap. 82.

2.  For dividing, allotting, inclofing, draining and improving the commons and wade grounds in Ep-ivorif:, Haxey, Belton and Owjlon, in the IJle of Axholme in Lincoln-Jhire. Chap. J07.

India (Eafi) Company.

1.  See CW/w Ware* Chap. 98.

2.  During the war, and eighteen months after, fbips arriving from the Eqft Indies on account of the company, may be permitted to enter their goods, though not Britijh built, if built within the territories belonging to the company, &c. and to export goods to the Eajl Indies. Chap. 115,

Inland Navigation.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap.^SF

Infolvent Debtors.

1.  To remedy omidions in insolvent debtors’ a£t of last feftion. Chap. 88.

2.  Gaolers to make out lifts of pri-foners who on Feb. 12, 17945 and at the time of making out were in cuftody. Same adf, f. 1.

3.  Warden ot the fleet, marshal of the king’s bench, and other gaolers and prifoners, and gaolers bringing up prisoners to be dif-chaiged, to take an oath. Same a (ft, f. 2.

Infurances.

See Stamps. Chap. 63.

Ireland.

1.  For making part of certain principal fums, or flock and annuities raised or created by the parliament of Ireland, on loans for the use of the government of that kingdom, transferrable, and the dividends payable at the bank of England. Chap. 66.

2.  When an aeft (hall be parted in Ireland for payment of certificates ifl'ued by the commissioners of the navy, adarefled to the commissioners of the revenue in Ireland, the treasurer of the navy to tranf-mit a lift: ofappliants to the com-miflioners of the navy. Chap. 94. r. 25.

Ifu, River.

1.  See Canals^ Navigable. Chap. 52.

2. See  Rivers,Navigable. Chap. 106.

Itchen, River, Rampfhire.

See  Rivers,Navigable. Chap. 86.

Ively

Lan

Fuel, River.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 105.

K.

Rennet and Avon Canal. j£^EE Canals, Navigable. Chap. 52.

Kenfington, Middlefex.

See Paving. Chap. 74.

Ringfion upon Hull.

For making a new street from white friar gate to the south end of quay street within the town of King-/ton upon Hu}l. Chap. 46.

L.

Land Forces.

1.  11,474,358/. 17s. 8d. 37. for land forces in 1795. Chap. 120.

2.  2,777,534/. 19s. id. for one hun-

dred and nineteen thousand three hundred and eighty men, officers, &c. in Great Britain.  Same aft,

3.  691,307/. 155. 7d. for forces in the Plantations, Gibraltar, Corfica, and

Wales. Same aft.

4.  40,096/. 95. 9^. for dfterence between British 2n<\ Irift? pay of regiments in the Weft Indies. Same a <51:.

5.  8,323/. 17s. 10^.27. for regiments in the Raft Indies. Same aft.

6.  385,000/. for recruiting contingencies, &c. Same aft.

7.  480,000/. for levy money, be. for augmentations to the land forces. Same aft.

8.  115,820/. os. 3d. for general, ftaff, and hospital officers. Same aft.

Laf

9.  79,978/. 4/. 4^. for fupernume-rary officers. Chap. 120.

10.  110,820/. 18;. 3^/. to the pay-mafter general, secretary at war, &c. Same aft.

11.  1285864I 33-. 9d. for reduced officers of land forces and marines* Same aft.

12.  135/* 16$. 3d. for reduced officers, &c. of the horse guards* Sameaft.

13.  1,000/. for officers late in the service of the states general. Same aft.

14.  52,500/, for reduced officers of the British American forces* Same aft.

15.  7>500/. for allowances to them* Same aft.

16.  10,387/. 131. 'gd. for widows’ penfions. Same aft.

17.  427.269/. ii. 6d. lor French emigrant regiments. Same aft.

18.  246,877/. 151. for corps tranf-ferred from the Irijh to the Britijh establishment in 1794. Same aft.

19.  3,063,968/. 12s. %d. for extraordinaries of land forces in 1794. Same aft.

Landgrave of Plejfe CaffeL

333,253/. for troops to the landgrave ot Heffe CoJJel. Same aft.

Landgrave of Heffe Darmfiadt.

76,076/. for troops to the landgrave ot Heffe Darmfiadt. Same aft.

Land Tax.

1.  For 1795, to he 4*. in the pound. Chap. 2.

2.  See Commifftoners cf Land Tax* Chap. 17*

Left are and Balia ft age.

J o  J  o

For continuing several afts for regulating laftage and ballaftage in the river Thames." Chap, 84.

Letters.

526

him

Mac

Letters.

See Pojlage of Letter;. Chap, 53,

Licences*

1.  Additional duties for licences for {fills in the Highlands of Scotland, viz.

d.

For each gallon used in making spirits from barley, &c. the produce of counties mentioned in 33 Geo. 3. c. 61. annually,  100

and for each gallon made over the quantity limited by that ad, an additional 008 Stills used in England for making spirits from Bri~ tif/y materials for expor-. tation to Scotland annually,  *  900

Where melafTes or fugar

are ufed,  15  o  o

Where other foreign materials are ufed,  18  o  o

And for each gallon of rectifying {fills,  9  O  &

Chap. 59.

2.  From Sept. 20, 1795, persons felling ale or other excifeable liquors by retail without licence, to forfeit 20/. and after a second conviction, incapable of being licen-fed again. Chap. 113.

Limitation of AEtions.

See Bridges. Chap. 78. See Exchequer Bills. Chap. 127. See Militia. Chap. 27. See Navy. Chap.

5.  9. 19. 34. See Parliament. Chap.

65.  See Paving. Chap. 74, 75. See Saint Mary le Bone. Chap. 73. See Temple Bar. Chap. 126. See Wales, Prince of. Chap. 129*

Linens.

29 Geo. 2. c. 15. granting a bounty on certain species of Bntijh and Irijh linens-exported, continued to June 24, 1796.' Chap 38.

Linen Tarns.

London.

See Militia. Chap. 27.

Lords9 Journals.

869/. 19s. for the index to lords*

journals. Chap. 120.

Lottery.

1.  758,541/. 13J. 4d. to beraifed by a lottery 3 tickets at 13/. 15;. 10d. each ; and 500,0001, to be paid in prizes on July 1, 1796. Chap. 36-

2. 525/. 16s. 8d. advanced, by Mr. Marjh towards the lottery, 1794. Chap. 120.

M.

Mackarel.

1.  Q ALT may be imported, or O BritifJy fait used for curing mackarel, cod, See. for home con-fumption, as for herrings or pilchards. Chap. 54.

2.  For every barrel of mackarel twice packed and cured, and exported (except to the Mediterra-nean) a bounty of 'is. 8d. and mackarel, he. may be carried from one port to another for home confumption, and officers for paying bounties to defray the charges of this ad. Same ad, f. 2..

Maidfloncy

To take off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yams made of flax. Chap. 38.

Mil

Maidjlone Geneva.

See Bijhop, Sir William. Chap. 89.

A&Zr.

Duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, continued for the service of the year 1795. Chap. 1*

March, in the IJle of Ely.

For amending 30 Geo. 2. and 32 Geo. 3. relating to the draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds within the township or hamlet of March, in the I fie of Ely. Chap. 48.

Marines.

1.  Regulated while on fhore. Chap.7.

2.  See Navy. Chap. 28.

Mafis.

Duties of customs imposed by 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. on importation of masts twelve inches or upwards in diameter, to ceafe. Chap. 20. f. 5.

Militia.

1.  See Derbyfhire. Chap* 36.

2.  To alter, amend and render more effectual a£t 34Geo. 3. c. Sr. relating to the London nniitia. Chap.

2  7*

3.  Commiffioners of lieutenancy to iffiie precepts to the aldermen, he. to cause men to be raifcd, to whom they may give 10/. bounty, and commi(boners to appoint a court to receive returns of men who lhall be inroiled to serve five vears. Same acf, f. 3.

4.  Commiffioners may issue precepts to the aldermen, he. to fill up deficiencies, and wards not raif-ing their quota or not filling up vacancies, to pay 10/. per man, and a rate to be made to defray the expences of raising men, and

Mil  527

aldermen, &c. to be.the affieffiors^ and appoint collectors. Chap. 27* f. 4.

5.  Non-commiffioned officers and men to be allowed is. 9d. a week, for their lodging. Same aCf, £

. .

6.  Militia men subject to 26 Geo.

3.  c. 107. and when disembodied liable only to the orders they were before drawn. Same aCf, £ 15.

7.  Commiffioners, when the militia is not embodied, may order the men with officers to be put under the orders of the magistrates of the city for suppression of riots, he. Same a Cl, £ 18.

8.  Aidermen, he. to divide the quota of men among!! the pari flies, and specify for which each ferves, that the parish officers may be resorted to for defraying the expences of their families, he. and the treasurer 16 pay monies for relief of families of militia men. Same a<51, £ 20.

9.  Adjutants to have the fame allowance as those of the other militia, and ferjeants, he. entitled to the benefit of Chelfea Hofpiiah. Same a Cl, f. 22.

10.  For defraying the charge of pay and cloathing the militia in England, for one year from March 25, 1795. Chap. 33.

11.  From the difembodying the militia, subaltern officers to have allowances during peace; lieutenants 25/. and enflgns 20/. a year. Chap., 35.

12.  See Stafferdjhire. Chap. 60.

13.  To apportion the relief by feve-ral statutes now in force directed to be given to the families of non-comrniffioned officers, drummers, fifers and privates serving in the militia, between the county at large and peculiar difiriCls therein, not contributing to the comity rate according to the number of men serving for each in fitch militia,

Nav

528  Min

litia, and to remove certain difficulties in respect of the relief of families of fubrtitutes, hired men, or volunteers, serving in the militia. Chap. 81.

14.. Men may be -raffed by beat of drum in room of those discharged under this aft, for the artillery or navy, and for every man fo discharged 10/. ioj. to be paid to provide others. Chap. 83. f. 4.

15.  When a colonel is absent from Great Britain, his Majerty may invert the senior relident officer with the powers of the colonel, Scc. Same aft, f. 7.

16.  His Majesty may direft deputy lieutenants and officers to be dif-placed. Same aft, f. 8.

37.  Section 89, of 26 Geo. 3. c.

107.  repealed. Serjeants and corporals may be reduced to serve as privates. Same aft, f. 9.

18.  Acceptance of commissions in the other forces to vacate those in the militia, except the colonel, and militia colonels raising fenci-ble corps to receive only the pay thereof, and not to aft in the militia ; and county lieutenants may appoint an additional major while the colonel's service is fufpended. Same aft, f. 10.

19.  On receipt of certificates of the death. Sic. of private men, the deputy lieutenants to cause others to be bailotted for. Same aft, f. 11.

20.  930,047/. 12s. 3d. for militia and fencibles. Chap. 120.

21.  21 c,000/. for their contingencies, occ. Same aft*

Mint.

1.  5,682/. 25. 4d. for extroardinary expences of the mint. Chap. 120.

2.  1,386/. 2;. 6d. for the fame. Same aft.

Montrofe.

For laying a duty upon ale or beer fold in the town of Montrofi in Scot-land, for fupplving ihe laid town with fresh water. Chap. 42.

Mutiny.

For punishing mutiny and defer-tion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters in 1795. Chap. 6.

N.

National Debt.

200,000/. to beiffued to the bank of England to be placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt. Chap, 23. 120.

Naval Services.

6,3r5,523/. 35. 9d. for naval fer- -vices for 1795. Chap. 120.

Navigable Canals.

See Canals* Navigable.

Navigable Rivers.

See Rivers, Navigable.

Navigation, Inland.

See Rivers, Navigable.

Navy*

1.  For raising a certain number of men in the several counties in England and Wales, for the navy. Chap. 5.

2.  Admiralty to appoint officers to regulate the admission of men, &c. Same aft, f. 2.

3.  Juftices within twenty-one days

to

N

to hold a general session for carry-ing it into execution, &c. Chap.

5-  3-  „  ,

4.  Trealury to cause lifts of the number of inhabited houses to be laid before the jullicss by the iur-veyors of the duties on houfes, &c. and justices to appoint what number of men shall serve for each hundred, he. and to order con-flables to give notice of the number and the time for railing them to the parish officers.

5.  Juftices at general sessions to appoint petty leffions for receiving returns and attesting and inrolling men. Same act, f. 5.

6.  Mayor and altermen of London at the general sessions to appoint the number of men to serve for each ward, &c. in proportion to the

, amount of the duties on houfes, he. Same a<ft, f. 6.

7.  Clerks to the eommiffioners for the duties on houfes, he. in Lon-don, to prepare lifts of the number of houses affieffied, and the amount .of affieffments in each ward, &c.

to be laid before the mayor, &c. Same aeft, f. 7.

8.  Fir ft petty sessions to fix a time for hearing appeals, &c. Same adt, f. 8.

9» General sessions may add together two or more places for raif-ing men, he. and also extra-parochial or other places where no poor rates shall have been made for three years to places adjoining thereto, andjuftices at petty fef-lions to determine differences between inhabitants or parifhofficers. Same a<ft. f. 9.

10. Fines for default of railing men, or bounties to be proportioned between places added together, according to the number of inhabited houses affieffied in each. Same aft, f. 10.

IJ. The charge for railing men in any parish lying in two counties Voj-, XL.

Nav  529

(hall be made in that wherein the church ftands. Same adl, ft 11.

12.  Parifh officers to call the principal inhabitants together, to confi-der of the moil effectual means of railing men, and with their con-feat to agree with volunteers to serve in the navy, and to make rates for the bounties, he. and parish officers may reimburse themfeives money paid to volunteers, and power for collecting poor rates to extend to this ad!. Same act, f. 13.

13 Juftices may direct a third of bounties to be advanced at the request of volunteers on their being brought for examination, and the residue to remain in the hands of the treasurer until they are muf-tered on board. Same act, f. 14.

14.  Volunteers to be brought before the nearest regulating officer, and approved before two juftices, who Fhall certify their entering and certain particulars, and certificates to be delivered to the regulating officer, who shall cause the volunteers to be inrolled. Same adt, f. 15.

15.  If regulating officer rejeeft a volunteer, theparifh officers may appeal to the petty feffions, andjuftices order to be final, and officer to enter the names, he. of performs inrolled in a book, and tran-fmit duplicates to the secretary of the admiralty. Same adl, ft 16.

16.  Parilh officers to make returns of volunteers inrolled to the petty feffions, and justices to cause returns to be delivered to the clerk of the peace to be inrolled at the feffions. If returns of the whole number to be raised by any place be not made to the petty sessions in three weeks, the justices may summon the parish officers, and may fine them for neglect, and if fines be not forthwith

• paid, they may be levied on the parish officer’s goods, or raised by a rate on the inhabitants, but if M m  juftices

530  Nav

judtices deem the default unavoidable, they may allow further time. Chap. 5. f. 17.

17,  Bounty money and fines to be paid to the county treafurer. In cafe of default persons authorised by his Majesty may produce fubftitutes, or volunteers may offer themselves to two juftices, who shall fettle the bounties to be paid, and certify the consent of fubfti-tutes, and regulating officer to cause the substitutes to be inrolled, which (hall discharge the respective places, &c. and justices to order treasurer to transfer bounties to the use of fubftitutes, and may order rewards to persons providing them. Refidue of fines to be applied by the quarter feftionsto provide, men for the navy, and if any remain in the treafurer’s hands at Mid-fummer feffion, 1795, an account to be transmitted to the treafury. Same adt, f. 19.

38.  Certificates or copies to be transmitted with the persons inrolled, and delivered to the commanding officers of the vefiels in which they shall be entered, who (hall make out tickets for payment of bounty money due as for arrears of wages, which may be paid agreeably to 31 Geo. 2. c. 10. and rules for payment of wages to be used for payment of bounty. Same adt, f. 20.

19.  Juftices may require the attendance of constables and parish officers. Same adt, ft 21.

20.  Clerk of the peace, within fourteen days after the Midfummer fef-fions, 1795, to transmit to the admiralty copy of returns. Scc. on penalty of 500/. Same adt, ft 22.

21.  Perfons inrolled shall be liable to serve until three months after the end of the war. Sameadt, ft 24.

22.  Conftables, &c. may cause fuf-pedted deserters to be apprehended,

5

Nav

and if magistrates find them to have been inrolled, they shall commit them, and transmit an account to the admiralty, and justices to order 20s. out of the land tax money to the apprehender of a de-ferter. Same adt, ft 26.

23.  Men inrolled may be billeted as the marines, and 5007. penalty for making false oath or counterfeiting certificate of returns, &c. Same adt, ft 29.

24.  Noperfon inrolled shall be taken out of the service but for a criminal matter. Same adt, ft 32.

25.  Juftices may fettle disputes between matters and hired servants inrolled respecting wages, &c. Same acl, ft 34.

26.  For procuring a supply of men from the several ports of this kingdom, for the navy. Chap. 9.

27.  Embargo on BritifJ? vefiels to continue at each port until its quota of men be raifed. Same adt, ft 1.

28.  Every able-bodied seaman approved to be estimated equal to two able-bodied men. Same adt, ft 2.

29.  Admiralty to appoint regulating officers, who are to establish places of rendezvous, and before inrol-ment to examine men. Same adf, f- 3-

30.  Owners or masters of vefiels may eledt, from amongst themselves and merchants trading to the port, commissioners for railing men, and three commissioners may act, and commissioners may appoint assistants by authority of the admiralty. Same act, ft 5.

31.  Commiffiuners named for Lon-dony and five may adf, and meet at the fame time at two places. Sameadt, ft 9.

32.  Commiffioners to confider the

amount of bounties, and report the fame to the admiralty for their approbation. Sameadt, ft 12.  :

33. Perfons

Nav

33.  Perfons entering to be produced to the regulating officers, and if approved to be brought before the the commiffioners, who (ball fettle the bounty, and commissioners to certify that men have voluntarily entered to the regulating officer, who (hall cause them to be in-rolled and placed under his command, and on their removal, certificates, or copies to be transmitted with them, and delivered to the commanding officers of the veffieJs in which they (hall be entered. Chap. 9. f. 13.

34,  Commiffioners may give orders on the principal officers of the * customs for a third of bounties and certificates, and copies signed by regulating officers to be transmitted with the persons inrolled, and delivered to commanders of vef-fels, who (ball make out tickets for payment of bounty money due as for arrears of wages, which may be paid agreeably to 31 Geo. 2. c. 10. Sec. Same a6f, 1. 14.

35* Admiralty to appoint officers to superintend the admission and entry of men, who (hall determine appeals of commissioners against rejedion of men by the regulating officers. Same a£t, f. 17.

36.  When the complete number of men has been enrolled for any port, commissioners to certify the fame to the superintending officer, who (ball transmit the certificate to the admiralty, and commissioners to enter certificates in a book, and give a copy to the principal officer of the cuftoms, and persons after being mustered on board to be intitled to wages from the day of inrolment and to all emoluments as other volunteers. Same a a, f. 18.

37.  Treafury to issue money to the commissioners for payment of charges about the execution of

Nav  531

this a$, and an account thereof to be laid before parliament, and majority of commiffioners, with approbation of the treafury, to eleift successors to commissioners declining to a£t, or dying. Same act, f. 23.

38.  To render more effectual act 35 Geo. 3. c. 5. Chap. 19.

39.  Petty sessions may order parish officers to continue in office until they completely execute the said aeft, and jufiices may appoint pa-ri(h officers in place of such as die, remove, or become inlolvent, and parish officers authorised to pay bounties out of poor rates, &c. Same a£t, f. 3.

40.  Where rates cannot be collected in due time petty sessions may grant certificates of bounties to the receiver general of land tax. Scc. who (hall advance the money, &c. and officers appointed by the admiralty, and their assistants may be quartered, and places of rendezvous appointed. Same a<ft, f. 7.

41.  Petty officers in the navy and feamen, non-commiffioned officers of^marines and marines may allot a certain portion of their pay for the maintenance of their families. Chap. 28.

42.  Volunteers at the time of entering, declaringto the regulating officer certain particulars, may allot part of their pay, and regulating officer to make out three declarations of allotment of pay, and orders for payment to be signed by the volunteer, and certified by the officer. Same act, f. 2.

43.  Captains ot (hips to cause lifts of petty officers, &c. desirous of allotting part of their pay, and to transmit lifts and the declarations and orders to the navy board. Same a6t, f. 3.

44.  After twenty eight days from the date persons to whom deplara-

M M 2  tion$

532  Nav

nonsand orders (hall oe addressed to examine info the truth thereof, and pay the sums allotted gratis, Ac. and allotments of pay to be paid every four weeks*. Chap. 28* f. 5.

45.  Ir a wife to whom part of her husband's pay be allotted, (ball die and leave children under fourteen years old, the mi aider and churchwardens may certify to the navy board the fame, and their intention to appoint a person to receive and apply the money for the children, &c. and if the commillion-ers of the navy are satisfied of the truth of fueh certificate, they {hall cause three certificates and orders to be made out. Same add, f. 6.

46.  After twenty-eight days the person appointed to receive allotments of pay for children may apply for the fame, producing certain papers, and if found authentick, the money allotted to be paid gratis, and suchallotmentsof paytobepaid every four weeks. Same a£i, f. 7.

47.  On promotion, any feaman, Ac. may increase the allotment out of his pay to the amount allowed to his rank, and orders to be irrevocable while the grantor is intitled to pay, or the wife or mother {ball live, Ac. and wives, Ac. to appear personally to receive allotments of pay, unless disabled by bodily infirmity, and if wives die, orders to be void if payment be not demanded within fix: months after signed by the navy board. Same adf, f. 8.

48.  For railing a certain number of men in the several counties, fte-warties, royal burghs, and towns in Scotland, for the navy. Chap. 29*

49.  For enabling the magistrates in the several counties in Great Britain to raise and levy able-bodied

Nav

and idle persons to serve in the navy. Chap. 34.

50.  After pafiing this adl, the levy of men to be made, and juftices, mayors, Ac. to put this a£f in execution, and admiralty to appoint officers to approve or reject men. Same adt, f. 1.

51.  Clerks of the peace, town clerks, sheriffs depute, Ac. to give notice of the first meeting of magiftrates, which may be adjourned, and juf-tices, Ac. to issue precepts to high conftables, Ac. to attend at the succeeding feftions, and notice to be given to the admiralty, and justices may appoint a clerk, who (hall receive is. for every man entered. Same adf, f. 4.

52.  Juftices to levy to serve in the navy, persons who follow no lawful trade, Ac. or offenders who (hall be deemed idle perfons, rogues or vagabonds, alio fmug-glers, embezzlers of navy ftores, Ac. Same adl, f. 5.

53.  For providing feaifaring men for the navy out of private men ferv-ing in the militia. Chap. 83.

54.  His Majesty may diredf the dif-charge of private men from the militia to serve in the navy. Same adt, f. 2.

55.  Men entering into the navy under this ad! to be entitled to the bounty. Same adt, f. 4.

56.  For eftabliftiing a more easy and expeditious method for the punctual and frequent payment of the wages and pay of officers belonging to the navy. Chap. 94.

57.  Officers, inafters and surgeons on half pay, when appointed to (hips may receive their arrears of half pay, and officers on appointments to (hips may apply for three months pay in advance, and officers, masters and surgeons on actual service may draw bills for their pay at the end of three months,

and

Nav

and captains to subscribe the b'lls of lieutenants, &c. and officer^, &c. on removal from ships may draw for their pay if three months are due. Chap. 94. f. 1.

58- c aptains sent to Tick quarters may draw for their pay at the expiration of fix weeks, and lieutenants, &c. at the end of fix weeks may draw for their pay, their bills being subscribed as directed by this act. Same a<ft, ft 7.

59.  Captains, &c. removed to another ship before three months pay are due, may draw bills at the expiration of three months from the last payment, and bills to be drawn at ten days fight and negotiable as bills of exchange, and bills to be examined at the navy office and affigoed for payment, and flag officers may include table money in their bills. Same a<5t, f.n.

60.  Officers half pay, petitions, &c. on application to the treasurer of the navy may be received from the receiver general of the land tax, &c. Same a6t, fi 20.

61.  Letters or packets sent by the treasurer of the navy for carrying this a61 into execution to be free of poftage, and orders, bills, &c. not liable to (lamp duty. Same act, fi 29.

62.  A6t 35 Geo. 3. c. 28. extended to boatfwains, gunners, and carpenters in the navy. Chap. 95.

Navy Bills.

Navy or victualling bills made out before Sept. 30, 1793, with interest to March 10, 1795, carried to the navy office by May 1, to be exchanged for certificates to the bank, entitling the holders to 108/. 5 per cent, annuities for 190/. Chap. 32.

Nov  533

New Bridge Street, Black Friars.

For repairing the common few'er in New Bridge Street Black Friar s* London, or making a new fewer in-flead of the defective parts rheteof, and for maintaining and cleansing the fame. Chap. 131.

New Brunfwick.

4,550/. for the civil eftabliihment of Ntw Brunfwick in America. Chap. 120.

Newfoundland.

1.  To continue an a6t for eftablififins: courts of judicature in the island -of Newfoundland to June 10, 1796.. Chap. 25.

2.  1,232/. ioj. for the civil eftablifli--meat of the island of Newfoundland. Chap. 120.

New Sarum.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 51.

New South Wales.

1.  5,241/. for the civil eftabliihment there. Chap. 120.

2.  6,958/. Ss. 4d. for provisions sent there. Same a6t.

Norfolk Ifland.

To repeal a<5t 34 Geo. 3. c. 45. and to enable his Majesty to efta-blifh a court of criminal judicature there. Chap. 18.

Norwood, Middlefex.

StzfSanah) Navigable. Chap. 43.

Nova Scotia.

1.  4,415/. for the civil eftalifhment there. Chap. 120.

MM3  2.  468A

■Pat

53+  0rd

2. 468/. 165. id. for fees onefcheats,

&c. in Nova Scotia. Chap. 120.

o.

0/7, Sallad. gEE Cujloms. Chap. 20.

Orders in Council.

r. For rendering effectual his Ma-jefty’s orders in council of Jan. 16 and 2r, 1795, respecting the admission of the effects mentioned in the said orders into the ports of this country to be warehoufed,-and for indemnifying all persons who have acted in consequence of such orders. Chap. 15.

2.  If goods, veffels, &c. be feized, comtniflioners of the customs may release them on proof of their being brought into the kingdom agreeable to the said orders in council. Same ad, f. 1.

3.  Suits for a Sts done under the said orders in council difeharged, and if plaintiffs in actions commenced after Jan. 16, 1795, become non-fuit, &c. defendants to recover double cofts, and defendants in actions already commenced may apply to the court to Hop proceedings. Same ad, f. 2.

4.  To make further provilions re-

fpeding (hips and effects come into this kingdom to take the benefit of his Majesty’s orders in council of Jan. 16 and 21, 1795, and to provide for the disposal of other ships and effects detained in or brought into the ports of this kingdom, and proprietors of (hips or goods brought into the kingdom in consequence of ad 35 Geo. 3. c. 15. may enter them, and dispose of the goods. Chap. So.  '  ' .

Ordnance.

1.  34,155/. 15. 9d. for land service of ordnance in 1793. Chap. 120.

2.  25,357/. 145. 5d. for sea service of ordnance in 1793. Same ad.

3.  1,045,305/. 195. id. for land service of ordnance in 1794. Same ad.

4.  39,387/. 05. 3d. for sea service of ordnance in 1794. Same ad.

5.  1,176,804/. 175. 9d. for land service of ordnance in 1795. Same ad.

Orphan's Fund.

See Temple Bar. Chap. 126.

Ofwald, Richard.

41,688/. 145. 6d. 3q. to the repre-fentatives of Richard Ofwald, efq. Chap. 120.

Ouze, River, Norfolk.

See Rivers, Navigable. Chap. 77.

Owjlon, Lincolnfhire.

See Inclofures, Chap. 107.

p.

Paddington, Mi ddiefex.

|Q^EE Canals, Navigable. Chap. 43,

Painjhill, Surrey.

To enablehis Majesty to grant the inheritance of lands at Painjhill in the parish of Cobham, Walton and Wijley, in Surrey, to the trustees named in the will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, efq. deceafed. Chap. 103.

Pcpijls.

Pav

Papifts.

For allowing further time for in-rolment of deeds and wills made by papifts, and for relief of protelfant purchafers. Chap. 99.

Parliament.

1.  To prevent unneceftary delay in the execution of writs for the election of members to serve in parlia-mentdor Scotland. Chap. 65.

2.  Sheriffs deputes or fubftitutes, &c. to dired, within fix days after receiving the writs, the notices required to be given for eledions of members, &c. Same ad, f. 1.

3.  None but iheriffs deputes, or fub-ilitutes, to receive and execute writs for elections. Same ad, f. 2.

4.  50oL penalty on sheriffs deputes, &c. for neglect of duty, and 1000I. on high fheriffs, &c. for interfering in the execution of writs. Same ad, f. 3.

5.  Writs for theeledion of members for Orkney and Zetland to be pub-}ifiled at Kirkwall, and the twelve parishes in the illand of Pomona, or the main land of Orkney only. Same ad, f. 6.

Paving.

1.  To 'explain,#amend and render more effectual 31 Geo. 3. c. 90. for paving Finjbury Square, in the pari fin of Saint Luke, Middlefcx. Chap. 45.

2.  See Saint Mary-le-Bone. Chap.

73-

3.  For keeping in repair the footways in the high street of Kenfing-ton in Middlefex, and for lighting and watching, and for removing and preventingencroachments and nuisances there. Chap. 74.

4.  For paving the footways and chanfing, lighting, watching and

Poo  535

regulating the ftreets, lanes, SZc, in IP ailing ford) Bcrkfinre, and removing and preventing nuisances and incroachments. Chap. 75.

5.  For betterpaving, lighting, cleanf-| ing and improving the ftreets,

Janes, &c. of Aberdeen, and for removing and preventing obftruc-tions and annoyances there. Chap, 76-

6.  For lighting, watching and regu- , lating the footways and removing nuisances at Henley-upon-Thames* Chap. 79.

Pedlars,

See Hawkers and Pedlars, Chap. 91.

Penitentiary tloufes,

2,823/. I0;* f°r designs of penitentiary houfes, &c. Chap. 120.

Pennington, Lancafhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 44.

Pennygored Works,

For allowing a drawback of the duties on coals used in carrying on the Pennygored Works in Pembrokejhire» Chap. 39.

Poor.

i.  For repealing former ad relating to the poor, providing a work-p houfe, and for employing, maintaining and regulating the poor of Saint Botolph, Bijhopfgate, London, Chap. 61.

2„ See Saint Mary-le-Bone, Chap.

73-

3.Somuchof i3and i4Car. 2. c.12. as enables justices to remove per-fons likely to be chargeable to pa-rifties, repealed, and no persons to be removed until they become chargeable, and justices may fuf-m m 4  pend

536  Pri

pend the removal of sick perfons. Chap. ioi.

4.  Rogues and vagabonds to be con-fidered as chargeable, and may be removed, and unmarried women with child to be deemed chargeable. Same ad, f. 5.

P oft age of Letters.

1.  Noletterto or from any member of either house of pa: hament exceeding one ounce exempt from poftage,nor any letter, unless the member directing it be within twenty miles of the post town on the day or day before it is put into the office. Chap. 53.

2.  No member to fend more than ten, or receive more than fifteen, letters free, daily. Same ad, f. 3.

3.  Single letters from and ro non-commiffioned officers, seamen and privates, in navy and army, liable to id. postage only. Same ad, r. 7. ,

4.  Packets not exceeding one ounce, containing samples or patterns, to be charged as Tingle letters. Same ad, f. 9.

Poft Office.

To enable the postmaster general to open and return certain letters contained in the mails made up for the United Provinces on fan. 13, 16 and 20, 1795, remaining in the general post office. Chap. 62*

Powder.

See Stamps. Chap. 49. 112.

Prizes.

Ads 20 Geo. 3. c. 23. and 21 Geo. 3. c. 15. to extend to Spanifh and Dutch prizes during hoftilities. Chap. 221.

Eiv

Qc

Qualifications.

ACT of qualification for offices, &c. Chap. 5c.

R.

Rape Seed.

RAPE feed, and other feeds used for extrading therefrom, maybe imported in Brit ft built (hips from any country, on the duty of is. per laft, when the price of middling Britft rape feed is 20/. a laft. Chap. 117.

Receipts.

See Stamps, Chap. 55.

Redftone, Worcefteffiire.

See Bridges. Chap. 108.

Rivers, Navigable.

1. After June 15,1795, boats, barges, and veiTels exceeding thirteen tons, used on navigable rivers and inland navigations in Great Britain to be regiftered. Chap. 58.

2. Time enlarged to Sept. 1, 1795.

Chap. 112.

3. For altering and improving the navigation of the river Ouze from Eau Brink, in the pa rich of Wig-genhall Saint Mary in Norfolk, to the harbour of King's Lynn ; and for improving and preserving the navigation of several rivers communicating with the Ouze. Chap.

77'

4. To explain, amend, and render more effedual, several ads relating to the navigation of the river

Itcben

537

Sat

Itchen in Hampfhire, and for improving the navigation thereof, and ascertaining the rates of carriage, riverage and wharfage payable thereon. Chap. 86.

5.  For improving and fppporting the navigation of the river lvel, other-wife Yeo, from Ivelchefter to Bick-nell Bridge, in the parish of Huijh EpiJ'copi in Somerfetjhire, and for making a navigable cut from thence into a drain called Pot-lake Rhine in the parish of Lang-port, and to the river Parret below Great Bow Bridge in Langport. Chap. 105.

6.  For amending an a6f of 28 Geo.

3.  and for extending and enlarging the powers of two a£ts palled in the eleventh and fifteenth of the present King, fo far as the fame relate to the improving and completing of the navigation of the rivers' Thames and Ifis, from the jurifdidfion of the city of London near Staines \n    Middlesexto Crick-lade in Wiltjhire. Chap. 106.

Rockingham For eft, Northampton-fh'vre.

To enable his Majesty to grant to the earl of Upper Oftory the haye or walk of Farming Woods in the forest of Rockingham in Northamptonshire, and the reverhon of certain offices, upon a full consideration to be paid for the fame. Chap. 40.

Rum.

See Excife. Chap. 12.

s.

Saint Albans, Hcrlfordfhire. gEE Canals, Navig, Chap. 85.

Sco

Saint John, IJland of.

i,qoo/. for the civil eftablilhment

at the if]and of Saint John in America. Chap. 120.

Saint Mary-le-Bone.

For repealing several a6fs relating to the nightly watch and beadles, and paving, and the poor of the pari ih of Saint Mary-le-Bone in Middlefex, and for making more effectual provision for those purposes. Chap. 73-

Salt.

See Mackarel. Chap. 54.

Salty Rock.

See Cuftoms. Chap. 20.

Sardinia, King of.

200,000/. granted to the king of Sardinia. 'Chap. 120.

Scotland,

1.  See Navy. Chap. 29.

2.  See Stamps. Chap. 30.

3.  Commiffioners of excise in Scotland may reward their officers as the commissioners of excise in England are authorised by 28 Geo.

3.  c. 34. Chap. 31. f. 2.

4.  See Diftilkries. Chap. 59.

5.  See Licences. Chap. 59.

6.  See Parlia?nent. Chap. 65.

7.  For repealing fo much ofacl 24Geo.

3.  c. 5. as relates to the amount of thedebtcharged uponthelandsand eftare which becameforfeited by the attainder of Evan Macpherfony late of Guny. Chap. 69.'

8.  To make perpetual a61 30 Geo.

3.  c. 37. to discontinue the payment of the duties in Scotland upon low wines and fpirits, and upon

worts,

, 

Sla

538  5/7

worts, wafh, and other liquors there used in the distillation of spirits ; and for regulating the exportation of Britijh-made spirits from England to Scotland^ and from Scotlandaq England. Chap. 89.

9.  4,500/. for roads and bridges in the highlands of Scotland. Chap. 120.

10.  To enable his Majesty to erec\ independent burghs of barony in Scotland, and for removing difficulties as to granting of leases in towns and villages on the fiftung coasts of Scotland. Chap. 122.

3;. For more easy and expeditious recovery of small debts, and for determining small causes arising out of personal contract or obligation in Scotland. Chap. 123.

Sea Injurances.

Szz Stamps. Chap. 63.

Service Abroad.

24,335/. t:$s. for his Majesty’s fer-vice abroad. Chap. 120.

Silk.

Organzined thrown silk of Italy may be imported from any place in amity with his Majesty in any veffels, until twenty days after the commencement of next session of parliament, (but not to extend to silk coarferthan third bolonia, nor tram, nor thrown silk of Turkey, &c.) and such silk to-be brought to the cuftom-houfe, London, Chap. 100.

Silks and Velvets.

6  Geo. 3. c. 28. fo far as relates to prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets continued to June 14, 1802* Chap.

33.

Silk,  W

A& 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. imposing the duties of cuffoms ad valorem on wade silk not enumerated, and drawback to ceafe. Chap. 20. f. 5.

Skins.

See Hides and Skins. Chap. 97.

Slave Trade.

1.  For regulating the shipping and carrying flaves in Britijh vessels from Africa. Chap. 90.

2.  From Aug. 1, 1795, no vessel clearing out from Great Britain to carry flaves from Africa in greater numbers than specified in this a<ft, and masters to forfeit 3ol. for every have exceeding the limited number. Same acl, f. 1.

3.  Mafters of veffels, before they land any tlaves in the Wefl Indies, to give in a written declaration to the officer of the customs of the burthen of the veffels, &c. and if they land flaves contrary to this aeft to forfeit 500/. and officers of the customs to take an account of the fiaves on board on penalty of 500/. Same a6t, f. 2.

4> No vessel to carry any flaves un-lefs entered for that purpose at clearing out, nor unless the fur-geon give bond to keep a journal of the flaves during the voyage, which is to be delivered to the officer of the customs at the first Britijh port of arrival, &c. and officers to deliver to the master a copy of his declaration, and to the surgeon a copy of his journal, and tranfrnit duplicates to the com-miftioners of cuftoms, and masters and surgeons acting contrary hereto to forfeit 100/. Same act, f. 4.

5.  The upper and lower cabin and the space between decks to be

allotted

Soc

allotted to the Haves, he. Chap. 90. f. 8.

6.  If any person take the command of a vessel who is not qualified as by this aft direfted, he and the owner to forfeit 500/. Same aft, f.g.

7.  Former afts recited, and nothing therein to make void insurances made in general terms, as other infurances, and no vessel to be cleared out that has not a surgeon who has passed his examination. Same aft, f. 10.

8.  If the officer at the port of dif-charge (hall be satisfied there have not died on the voyage more than two (laves in one hundred, he is to give certificate to the master and furgeon, and on production thereof to the com mi fil oners of cufioms, they are to order the mailer 100/. and the surgeon 50/. and like certificates to be given where the mortality has not been more than three in one hundred, which is to entitle the master to 50/. and the surgeon to 25/. Same aft, f. 12.

9.  Before any vessel is cleared outwards, the mafter, officers, and mariners to execute articles of agreement in the forms annexed to this' aft, on penalty of 50/* Same aft, f. 13.

10.  Mafter to cause a printed ab-ftraft of this aft to be hung up in his veffel, on penalty of 2oL and this aft to continue to Aug. i,

1796.  Same aft, f. 18.

Snow‘Hill) London.

See Temple Bar. Chap. 126.

Snuff.

See Tobacco. Chap. 31.

Societies, Friendly.

I,  Societies established before puffing act 33 Geo. 3. c, 54. may exhibit

Spi _  539

their rules for confirmation at any quarter sessions before or immediately after Michaelmas, 1796. Chap, m.

2.  Governors of institutions for relief of widows, he, may frame rules and present them for confirmation, and appoint treafurers, he. and be inti tied to the benefit of this aft. Same aft, f. 2«

Soldiers.

1.  Non-commiffioned officers and soldiers to allow 10d, a day for diet and small beer in quarters in England, and for articles which have been furnished gratis in lieu thereof, id. a day to be allowed. Chap. 64.

2.  For horses quartered 1 od. iq. a day for hay and ftraw. Same aft,

f-3-

3.  Regulations with respect to dieting non-commiffioned officers and soldiers on their march, and recruiting parties and recruits. Same aft, f. 5.

Somers IJlands.

See Bermuda. Chap. 120.

Southampton.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 51.

Spirits.

1.  Duties imposed by 27 Geo. 3. c.

13.  on wa(h brewed in England for extracting spirits for home con-fumption made perpetual. Chap.

89.  f. 3.

2.  To prohibit, from July 17, 1795, to Feb, 1, 1796, the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, barley, malt or grain, or front meal, flour or bran, and for permitting home-made spirits depo-lited in warehoules for exportation to be taken out for home cou-

fumption

 CjOO^Ic

5 4^  Sta

fumption on payment of duty.

Chap. 119.

Staff or djhire.

For applying money raised in the county ot Stafford by virtue or several a£lsof parliament respecting the mi-litia. Chap. 60.

Stage Coaches.

The additional duty on stage coaehe$>by 29 Geo. 3. c. 49. to ceafe. Chap. iog.

Stamps.

j* From July 5, 1795> additional (lamp duties, viz.

I.  s. d.

Affidavits,^  006

Copies of affidavits,  006

Depofitions of witnesses in

Scotland,  0  0  6

Original writs, fubpcena,

&c.  010

Agreements,  o  1  Q

Indentures, deeds,  &c.  c  I  o

Probates of wills, or letters of administration of 1000/. or above,  2  10  o

Of 2C00/.  2  10  O

Of 5000/.  500

Of 10,000/. or upwards,  10  o  o

Chap. 30.

2.  Exemption in 23 Geo. 3. c. 58. as far as relates to bonds for 100/. and under, repealed. Same a <51,

f- 3-

3.  Perfons wearing hair powder to take out a certificate annually chargeable with a (lamp duty of 1/. is. Chap. 49.

4.  From July 5, additional {lamp duties on receipts, viz.

s. d.

Receipts for 100/. and under 50 ol.  o  6

Receipts for 500/. and upwards 1 o

Tern

s.

Receipts in full only,  2 o

Chap. 55.

5.  From July 5/1795* a stamp duty on sea insurances of 2s. 6d. for every 100L infured, and where the premium (hall not exceed 10s., a duty of is. 3d, for every 100L' Chap. 63.

Sugar.

1.  If the average price of sugar on Feb. 23, Aug. 23, and Oct. 23, yearly (hall not exceed 65*. an hundred weight, the drawback and bounty to be allowed. Chap. no.

2.  On exportation of refined sugar not in a Britijh (hip, is. per hundred weight less bounty to be paid. Same adl, f. 3.

Sweets.

See Excife. Chap. 10.

T.

Tallow^

ACT 7 Geo. 3. c. 12. to difcon-tinue the duties on importation of tallow, Sec. continued to March 25, 1799. Chap. 38.

Tea.

See Excife. Chap. 13.

Temple Bar.

For widening and improving the entrance into London near Te??iple Bar, for making a more commodious street or pallage at Snoiv Hill, and for railing, on the credit of the orphan’s fund, a sum of money for those purposes. Chap, 126.

Thames^



Uni

Thamesp River.

1. See Canals, Navigable.  Chap.

2. See Rivers, Navigable. Chap.

io6.

Timber.

See CuJIoms. Chap. 20.

Tobacco.

Licences to manufacture or deal in tobacco or fnufF within the limits of the chief office of excise in Edinburgh to be granted by the com m i f-fioners of excife. Chap. 31. f. 4.

Tools.

A£i 26 Geo. 3. c. 89. extending to other tools and utenfiis, and act 25 Geo. 3. c. 67. made perpetual. Chap. 38.

Treafon.

Perfons imprisoned for high trea-©n, &c. may be detained until July, I, 1795. Chap. 3*

Trowbridge, Wilts.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 52*

' u.

United Provinces.

1.  OODS belonging to fub-Vj jedls of the United Provinces

coming from thence, &c. may be landed and warehoused, &c. Chap. 15. f. 4.

2.  Inhabitants of the United Provinces employed in the herring fifhery, &c. or in building vef-fels, &c. coming to re fide in this kingdom, may import fish duty free, export them, be intitled to

Vin  541

bounties, carry on their trades, ■&c. and such perfons, owners of veflfds, employed in the said fidi-eiics,bringing them into this kingdom, "may, by order from the privy council, have them regiHer-ed, and be intitled to the privileges of Briiijb-built vefiels. Chap, 56. f. 7.

3.  While the owners reside in the kingdom such vessels may import the fi(h caught, export them-, and import in return such articles as Britijh built ships if properly manned, and persons fo qualified may purchase estates not exceeding one hundred acres, and may bring into the kingdom (hips, &c, duty free. Same adl, f. 9.

4.  See Pojl Office. Chap. 62*

United States of America.

To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the united hates of America until April

5.  1796. Chap. 26.

Upper Offory, Earl of

See Rockingham For eft. Chap. 41X

v.

Velvets.'

gEE Silks and Velvets. Chap. 3IL

Veterinary College.

1,500/. for the Veterinary College* Chap. i2Q.

Vinitialling Bills.

See Navy Bills. Chap. 32.

Vincents, [Saint) IJland of.

See Exchequer Bills, Chap. 127.

W.  JVdiSy

 GoOglC

5 42

Wal

w.

Wales, Prince of \

1.  TTIS Majesty may grant an an-X*X nuity of 65,000/. to the

Prince of Wales, to commence 05U 10, 1794, out of the confo-lidated fund. Chap. 129.

2.  Commiffioners appointed to put thisadt in execution, and 15,00c/. to. be paid quarterly to the com-miffioners to discharge the prince's debts, and 1,250/. to be paid quar-Jy to the prince, and when the debts are discharged the commif-fioners toceafe, and 16,250/. to be fet apart quarterly for the prince. Same adt, f. 4.

3.  Commiffioners may demand from persons concerned in the management of the prince’s revenues a state of his debts and examine creditors on oath, and creditors dif-fatished with the judgement of the commissioners may sue them,

. and commissioners may institute suits against creditors. Same adt, f. 8.

4.  Commiffioners may fettle the course of payment of debts and make out debentures for the fame, and securities payable out of the funds hereby established may be affigned. Same adt, f. 12.

5.  13,000/. annually out of the revenues of the duchy of Cornwall to be paid to the com m i (boners, &c. half-yearly, and interest on securities to be paid half-yearly. Same adt, f. 13.

6.  On the demise of the crown in the prince’s life the 60,000/. to be charged on the hereditary revenue of the crown, and if the prince should die before the debts are paid, the 60,000/. to be fet apart from the consolidated 'fund until they are difcharged. Same adt, f, 16*

Wal

7.  No claims to be received after Sept. 1, 1795, nor security granted unless claims be made before that day, and the creditors submit to be examined, and commissioners may enlarge the time for delivering in claims, and if security be accepted the debt to merge therein. Same acl, f. 18.

8.  Treafury may order 500/. to be issued annually for defraying the expences of executing this adf out of the 60,000/. and commissioners to give an account of their proceedings to the treafury. Same adt, f. 21.

9.  Principal officer of the prince to make out a plan of his eftablifh-ment, and from July 5, 1795, disbursements from the prince’s revenues to be made by the treafury, for which he shall be refpon-Tible, but the plan may be altered, and when the com midi-on (hall cease a new plan of the eftablifh-

. nient of the prince to be made out, Sic. Sameadt, f. 25.

10.  Treafurer of the prince of Wales to ca«fe payments to be entered in a book, which his Majesty’s treasury may infpect, and an account to be made out quarterly of expences of the prince, which (hall be examined and signed by the treafurer. Same adt, f. 27.

11.  No action to be brought againd: the prince for any debt which shall accrue after July 5, 1795. Same a<ft, f. 33.

12.  Creditors who have delivered in their demands in the time limited may sue for the fame within three months after delivery, and treasurer to be made defendant, and judgement to be a charge upon the prince’s funds, &c. and officer misapplying monies, &c. liable to damages, which may be sued for in any court at IVeJlminfter. Same aa, f. 35.

13. For

Wba

543

Wei

13.  For preventing the accumula-tion of debts by any future heir apparent of the crown, and for regulating the mode of expenditure from the time when a feparate

' establishment (ball be made for such future heir apparent. Chap. 125.

14.  27,500/. for preparation for the marriage of the prince of Wales. Chap. 120.

Wales, Princefs of.

His Majesty may grant to the princess of Wales an annuity of 50,000/. from the decease of the prince, pay- . able quarterly, chargeable on the revenue for the support of his Ma-jefty’s houfehold, and to be in bar of dower. Chap. 130.

Wallingford, Berkfhire.

See Paving. Chap, 75.

Warden, Northumberland.

See Hay don. Chap. 47.

Wafh.

See Excife. Chap, 11.

V

Water.

For better supplying the inhabitants of Aberdeen with frdh water. Chap. 76.

Watford, Hertfordshire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap, 85,

Weights and Balances,

The quarter sessions to appoint persons to examine weights and balances, who are to visit (hops, -&c. and seize false weights, &c. Chap,

102.

JW/# IJlands.

To indemnify governors, lieutenant governors, and persons aiding as such, in the /Fi/? /Wf# iflands, who have permitted the importation and exportation ofgoodsand commodities in foreign bottoms. Chap. 57.

Whale Fijhery.

1.  For further encouraging and regulating the Southern whale fifh-eries. Chap. 92.

2.  A61s 26 Geo. 3. c. 50. and 28 Geo. 3. c. 20. repealed, except as to vefiels cleared out before Nov* I, 1795* Same a<tt, f. j.

3.  Premiums granted for three years to twenty-eight (hips fit red for the fifhery, and the matter and three fourths of the crew to be British fubjedls, or if cleared from Great Britain foreign protettants intend i ng to fettle there, &c. Same aft, f. 2.

4.  No premium to be paid unless there is an apprentice indentured for three years on board for every fifty tons burden, and 50/. penalty on matters suffering apprentices to quit their service before expiration of the term, and apprentices to be considered as such for the voyage, though their indentures expire during it. Same a ft, f. S-.

5.  No premium to be allowed unless a log book be regularly kept, and delivered to the collector of the cuttoms at the port of arrival, on oath. Same actt, f. 11.

6.  Oath to be made that the cargo is the produce of creatures killed b^ the (hip’s crew, and persons taking part of the cargo of other vef-fels for the purpose of obtaining a premium forfeit 500/. Same afl, f. 13.

7.  Committioners of cuttoms may order payment of the premiums,

and

 GoOglc

544 tVba

and no premium to be paid unless claimed in two months. Chap. 92, f. 16.

S.  Ships failing to the east of the Cape of Good Hope and weft ward of Cope Horn, or through the Straights of Magellanto take a licence from the India company, and {hips fading cut of their limits, or having improper merchandize on board, liable to the penalties of trading to the Eaftp Indies without a licence, and {hips touching at Saint Helena may be examined, and unlicensed goods feized. Same a eft, f. 20.

9.  Ships failing within the limits of the South Sea company mu ft have a licence from them, and ihips may be furnished with arms and ammunition on licence from the admiralty, but no ship intirled to more than one premium the fame feafon. Sameadf, f. 26.

10.  If water be mixed with oil, &c. imported, it (ha]]beforfeited,as well as the claim to premium, and the quantity of oil, &c. imported to be afeertained by the officer of the cuf-toms and certified'to the cornmif-fioners. Same a<51, f. 32.

11.  No harpooner, &c. to be im-p refled, and whale boats not liable to seizure on account of built, if used only in the fifhery. Same a«, f. 34.

12.  Forty foreigners, with their families, who have carried on the whale fifhery, coming to Milford by Dec* 31, 179#, torelide in the kingdom, and bringing not more than 20 vefiels, built before fqn. 1, 1795, may be permitted to im-

Wor

port oil, See. and such fliipS fitted out from Milford, for a whaling voyage, may be registered as Britijh ones on the owners taking the oath ot allegiance, and such owners to make oath as to their foie property in vefTels. Same a<ft, f. 36.

13.  Perfons granting or using false certificates or counterfeiting them to foifeit 500/. Same aeft, f. 39.

Wine.

r. See Excife. Chap. 10.

2.  If foreign wine is not entered or the duties paid, or if it is not landed within twenty days after entry fhould'have been made, and it (hould be conveyed to the King’s warehouse agreeably to 26 Geo.

3.  c. 59. 6d. a week rent to be paid for each calk or package. Chap. 118.

3- For foreign wine exported to China the fame drawback to be allowed as for wine sent to theEaft Indies, on conditions ofadf 26 Geo,

3.  c. 59. Same acl, f. 7.

Wo ok embers.

To enable woolcombers to exercise trades in any town or place in Great Britain. Chap. 124.

Workhoufe.

For providing a workhouse for Saint Botolpk, Bift)opJgate. Chap. 61.

Worjley, Lancafhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap, 44.

END OF VOL* XL. PART I.

THE

mutts at

Anno tricesimo  sexto Georgii III.  Regis

Being the SIXTH Seflion of the

Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

VOL. XL. PART II.

9 9

by 

A

T  A  B  O F T H E  L  E

S T  A  T U  T  E S

PUBLIC    K and P  RIVATE,  

Paffed anno  tr

GEORGII III.

Being the Sixth Seffion of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain*

PUBL1CK jcrs.

Cap. I. TT'OR continuing and granting to his Majesty certain JP duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thou* sand seven hundred and ninety-fix.

Cap. 3. To prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, and potatoes, and to permit the importation of corn, and other articles of provifion, for a limited time, in any (hips whatever, without payment of duty.

Cap. 4. To continue an a<51 for permitting the importation of organzined thrown filk, flax, and flax feed, into this kingdom, in (flips or vessels belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, for a limited time.

Cap. 5. To prohibit the exportation of candles, tallow, and foap, for a limited time.

Cap. 6. To prohibit, for a limited time, the making of ftarch, hair powder, and blue, from wheat, and other articles

a 2  of

A T A B L E of the STATUTES.

of food; and for lowering the duties on the importation of ftarch, and of other articles made thereof.

Cap, 7. For the safety and preservation of his Majesty’s per-fon and government against treasonable and seditious practices and attempts.

Cap. 8. For the more effectually preventing seditious meetings and affemblies.

Cap. 9., To prevent obstructions to the free passage of grain within the kingdom.

Cap. 10. For the better relief of the poor, within the several hundreds, towns, and diftriete, in that part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers acts of parliament for the purpose of the better maintenance and employment of the poor; and for enlarging the powers of the guardians of the poor, within the said several hundreds, towns, and diftridls, as to the assessments to be made upon the several parifhes, hamlets, and places, within their respective hundreds, towns, and dif-tridls, for the support and maintenance of the poor.

Cap. 11. For embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, a certain hinted pafture, called Lancaster Marjh, in the county palatine of Lancajier.

Cap. 12. For railing the film of eighteen millions by way of annuities.

Cap. 13. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on tobacco and fnuff.

Cap. 14. For granting to his Majesty further additional duties on the amount of the duties, under the management of the commiftioners for the affairs of taxes, therein mentioned.

Cap. 15. For granting to his Majesty new duties on certain horfes, not charged with duty by any other act or a6\s of parliament, and on nudes.

Cap. 16. For granting to his Majesty several additional duties on horses kept for the purpose of riding, or drawing certain carriages, therein mentioned.

Cap, 17. For repealing the duties on licences to persons using or exerciftng the bufmefs of an horse dealer, and granting new duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 18. For the reduction of the drawbacks and bounties now allowed on the exportation of fugar.

Cap. 19. For determining the present allowances for waste on fait carried coaftwife, and for reducing the respective time§ of payment of the duties on fait.

Cap, 20. To continue, for a further limited time, an acf, made in the last feffton of parliament, intituled, An aft to prohibits for a limited time, the making of low wines or spirits from, wheat, barley, mall, or any other fort of grain, or from any meal, four, or bran \ and for permitting home-made fpirits, drpojited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home consumption, on payment of duty ; and to prohibit the distillation of low wines or spirits from melafles of the manufacture of this kingdom, or from sugar or potatoes.

e,p.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 21. For allowing bounties, for a limited time, on the importation into Great Britain of any wheat, wheat floury. Indian corn, Indian meal, or rye, in British fhips, or other ships rite property of persons of any kingdom or state in amity with his .Majefty, or on the delivery of the fame out of warehouse for home confumption.

Cap. 22. To permit bakers to make and fell certain forts of bread.

Cap. 23. To amend fo much of an ad, made in the ninth year of the reign of King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for amending the laws relating to the fettlement, employments and relief of the poor.f as prevents the distributing occasional relief to poor persons in their own houfes, under certain circumstances and in certain cafes.

Cap. 24. For punching mutiny and desertion ; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 25. To enable the company of proprietors of the Grand function Canal to finilh and complete the fame, and the several cuts, and other works, authorised to be made and done by them, by virtue of several ads of parliament.

Cap. 26. To explain and enlarge the powers contained in the charter of the Royal Exchange assurance of houses and goods from fire.

Cap. 27. To explain and enlarge the powers contained in the charter of the London assurance of houses and goods from Are.

Cap. 28. For the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on fliore.

Cap. 29. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix.

Cap* 30. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix.

Cap. 31* For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions live hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned*

Cap. 32. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the Weft India iflands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

Cap. 33. For extending the term of the tax on lands, and tolls on goods, wares, and merchandizes, granted by an ad, passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for improving the drainage of the middle and south levels, part of the great level of the fens called Bedford Level, and the low' lands adjoining or near to the said levels, as also the lands adjoining or near to the river Ouze, in the county 0/Norfolk, draining through the fame to sea by the harbour ^ King’s Lynn, in the said county > and for altering and improving the navigation of the j'aid river Ouze, from or near a place called Eau Brink, in the parif) of Wiggenhali Saint Mary, in the said county, to the faid

a 3  harbour

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

harbour of King’s Lynn ; and for improving and preserving the navi-gat ion of the [everal rivers communicating with the said river Ouze.

Cap. 34. To enable the company of proprietors of the Thames and Severn canal navigation to raise a certain sum of money, for discharging some arrears of intereft, and other debts relating thereto, and to maintain and support the said navigation.

Cap. 35. To enable the trustees for executing an act passed in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, altering, and improving, the parish church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the city of London; and for providing a workhouse for the fame; to raise a further sum of money for completing the purposes of the said aft.

Cap. 36. For encreasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering foldiers.

Cap. 37. For further continuing an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the rgign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a6i for establishing courts ofjudicature in the if and ^Newfoundland, and the ifands adjacent.

Cap. 38. For rendering effectual an aft of the thirty-fecond year of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parijhes ^/'Montgomerys Pool, and the places united therewith, in the counties 0/Montgomery and Salop.

Cap. 39. To amend an aft, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An at1 for the better pre-fervation of the game in that part of Geat Britain called England.

Cap. 40. To continue several laws relating to the giving further encouragement to the importation of naval stores from the Britijh colonies in America; to the encouragement of the lilk manufactures; and for taking off several duties on merchandize exported, and reducing other duties; to the preventing the.clan-deftine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby ; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty’s plantations in America; to the free importation of cochineal and indigo; to the granting a bounty on certain species of Britijh and Irijh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns, made of flax ; to the importing fait from Europe into the province of Quebec in America; to the encouraging the manufacture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of such bark shall exceed a certain rate; to the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the importation of rape feep, and other feeds used for extracting oil, whenever the prices of middling Britijh rape feed shall be above a certain limit; to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum (hipped as ftores, to be con-fumed on board merchant (hips in their voyages; to the clan-deftine running of uncuftomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the cuftoms; to the further punishment of persons going armed or difguifed, in defiance of the Jaws of customs or excifej to the free importation of certain raw hides and fkins

from

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

from Irelandf, and the Britijh plantations in America ; and to the duties on spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England.

Cap. 41* For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix.

Cap. 42. For enabling the company of proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham canal navigation to finish and complete the fame; and for amending the adl of parliament, palled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

Cap. 43. To enlarge the powers of an adf, pafTed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An ah for the better pavings cleanfingy repairings lightings and zvalchings the highways, Jlreets, and lanes, of and in the vill of Ramfgate, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing annoyances therein, and for erecting a market houfe, and holding a publick market in the said vill.

Cap. 44. To vary and alter the line of the canal, authorised to be made by an acft, palled in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a£l for making a navigable canal from the river Kennet, at or near the town of Newbury, in the county of Berks, to the river Avon, at or near the city cfBath; and also certain navigable cuts therein defcribed; and to amend the said a£t; and also to make a certain navigable cut therein defcribed.

Cap. 45. To amend and render more effectual an acft, passed in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An att for repairings pavings and cleanfing, the highway s, jlreets, and laneSs within the town and borough of Deal, in the county of Kent; and for removing a7id preventing encroachments, obflruflions, nuifanceSs and annoyanceSs therein.

Cap. 46. For making a navigable canal from the river Exe near the town of Topjhams in the county of Devons to the river Tones near the town of Tauntons in the county of Somerfet; and for cleansing and making navigable a certain part of the said river Tone, and for making certain cuts from the said canal.

Cap. 47. For making a navigable canal from or near Gain's CrofSs hi the parish of Shillingfon Okefordy in the county of Dorfets to communicate with the Kennet and Avon canal at or near Widbrooks in the county of WiltSy and also a Certain navigable branch from the intended canal.

Cap. 48. To vary and alter the line of a canal authorised to be made by an adt, passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent.Majefty, intituled, An afl for making and maintain-ing a navigable canals itnth certain railways and fone roadSs from several collieries in the county of Somerfet, to communicate zvith the intended Kennet and Avon canals in the parish of Bradford, in the county of Wilts, and to alter and amend the said adh

Cap. 49. For paving, repairing, and cleansing the highways^ ftreets, and lanes, in. the town of Fclkfone? and liberty thereof,

a 4’  in

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

In the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing nui-lances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 50. For lighting and watching the ftreets, and other publick passages and places, within the town of Wakefield, in the county of York* and for the more effectually cleansing the fame, and removing and preventing obftrudlions, nuifances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 51. For paving, lighting, cleanfing, and otherwise improving, the ftreets, and other publick passages and places, within the town of Beccles, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 52. For repealing certain duties on legacies and (hares of personal eftates, and for granting other duties thereon, in certain cafes.

Cap. 53. For indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution an order of his Ma-jefty in council respecting the exportation of rock fait; for preventing suits in consequence of the fame; for authorising his Majesty to prohibit the exportation or carrying coastwise of rock fait; and for making further provisions relative thereto.

Cap. 54. To amend an a6f, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft for the more effectual preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland ; and for repealing and amending fever al of the laws now in being relative thereto.

Cap. 55. For making the port of Scarborough, in the island of Tobago, a free port, under certain regulations and reftridfions.

Cap. 56. For amending an a£t, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An a ft for allowing bounties, for a limited time, on the importation into Great Britain, of any wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, or rye, in British Jhips, or other flips, the property of persons of any kingdom orfatein amity with his Majefiy, or on the delivery of the fame out of warehouse for home confumption.

Cap. 57. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes ; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be damped according to law, or having been damped, have been loft or rniflaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly damped ; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors; and for indemnifying deputy ^lieutenants and officers of the militia, who havenegle&ed to tranf-. mit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

Cap. 58. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty’s dominions and

the

 :>ogle

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the United States of America, fo far as the fame relate to the trade and commerce. -carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said United States,

Cap. 59, For the more effectual execution of several afts of parliament, made for the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

Cap. 60. To regulate the making and vending of metal buttons ; and to prevent the purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real quality cf such buttons.

Cap. 61. For further continuing and amending the severals acts palled for preventing the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of coals, within the city and liberty of IVefi-?ninjler, and that part of the duchy of Lancafer adjoining thereto, and the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary-le-Bone, and such part of the pari(h of Saint Andrew Hoi-born, as lies in the county of Middlejex.

Cap. 62. To enable his Majesty to grant to John earl of Weftmorland, his heirs and afligns, in fee fimple, all the eftate, right, title, and intereft, remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the hayes or walks of Sulebay Ferms and Shortwood, and Morebay, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, upon,, a full and adequate conlideration to be paid for the fame.

Cap. 63. To enable his Majesty to grant to Henry earl of Exeter, his heirs and affigns, in fee fimple, all the eftate, right, title, and interefts,-remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the haye or walk of JVeflhay, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, upon a full and adequate confideration. to be paid for the fame.

Cap, 64. To. enable his Majesty to grant to George Finch Hatton, efquire, his heirs and alligns, in fee fimple, all the fcftate, right, title, and interest remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the lawn of Benefield, and the bailiwick of Rockingham, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the fame.

Cap. 65. For re-building the parish church of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the liberty of TVeJhninjhr, in the county of Middlefex, and the vestry rooms belonging thereto; for repairing and reinstating the iron rails inclosing the fcite of the said church, and the gates leading thereto; and for making several regulations relating to the said parilb.

Cap. 66. For enabling the. commiftioners for executing an aft, palled in the thirty-fir ft year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An ah for zvidening, improving, regulatingspaving, cleanfing, and lighting the Jlrects, lanes, and other publick paf• sages and places within the King's town of Maid done, in the county of Kent; for removing and preventing encroachments, obfrudiions, nuij'antes, and annoyances therein ; for better /applying the said town with water, and for repairing the highways within the parish of Maidftone, to raise a further sum of money for completing the purposes of the said aft.



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 67. For making and maintaining a navigation from

Morwelham Quay, in the parish of Taviflock, in the county of Devon, to Tamerton Bridge, in the parish of North Tamerton, in the county of Cornwall, and also a certain collateral cut from Poivlfon Bridge, in the parish of Lift on, in the said county of Devon, to Richgrove Mill, in the parish of Saint Stephen, near to the borough of Launcejlon, in the said county of Cornwall.

Cap. 68. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the harbour of Aberdeen, in the parish of Aberdeen, or Nicholas, into the river  at or near the south end of the bridge

over the fame (adjacent to the royal burgh of lnveruri) in the pari (h of Kintore, all within the county of Aberdeen, North Britain.

Cap. 69. To amend an a£t of the thirtieth year of hisprefent Majesty, tor making and maintaining a navigable canal from Merthyr Tidvile to and through a place called The Bank, near the town of Cardiff, in the county of Glamorgan, and for extending the said canal to a place called The Lower Layer, below the said town.

Cap. 70. To enable the company of proprietors of the Leo-minfler canal navigation to finish and complete the fame.

Cap. 71. To explain and amend an a<5t, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Severn at Shrewlbury, in the county of Salop, to the river Merfey at or ?iear Netherpool, in the county of Chefter, and also for making aud maintaining certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal; and for varying and altering certain parts of the Whitchurch line of the said canal and collateral cuts, and for extending the fame from Franckton Common to Sberryman’s Bridge, in the parish of Whitchurch, in the said county of Salop, and for making and maintaining several other branches and collateral cuts to communicate therewith.

Cap. 72. For dividing, allotting, enclofing, draining and pre-ferving certain commons and wade grounds,called The Hern Common, and Gore Common, within the manor and parish of Ramfey, in the county of Huntingdon, and for repealing an a<St, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majedy King George the Second, intituled. An aft for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, in the several parifbes of Ramfey, Bury, Widow, Warboys, Farceitt, btandground, and Water Newton, in the county of Huntingdon, and of Doddington, in the ife of Ely, and county of Cambridge, and for making more effectual provision for those purposes.

Cap. 73. For laying an additional tax upon the lands within the north level, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, and on Portfand, otherwise Great Porjand, in the county of Lincoln, for the further jupport and preservation of the principal banks and works of the said north level.

Cap. 74. For raifmg the sum of seven millions five hundred thou land pounds, by way of annuities*

Cap.



A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 75. For further continuing for a limited time an acf, made in the thirtyTecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for the more effectual adminijlration of the office of ajujiiceof the peace in such parts of the counties of    Middlesexand Surrey as lie in and near the metropolis, and for the more effectual prevention of felonies.

Cap. 76. To indemnify all persons who have a<5ted in confluence of orders in council, issued since the twenty-fecond day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips; and to authorise the iffuingof orders, in council for the like pur-pofe, for a limited time.

Cap. 77. To explain and amend an a£f, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An aft for the encouragement of the inackarel fifhery.

Cap. 78. For charging the duty on mahogany imported by weight.

Cap. 79. For reducing the duty payable on black lead imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 80. For repealing the (lamp duties on licences to fell gloves and mittens by retail.

Cap. 81. For allowing the importation of melaffes from any country in Britijh (hips or veffels, and in (hips or vessels belonging to any state in amity with his Majesty, for a limited time.

Cap. 82. More effectually to prevent the landing of goods, wares, and merchandize, without the presence of the proper officer; to authorise officers of the customs to convey wines laying on the quays to his Majesty’s warehouse within a certain time after the landing thereof; and to require the owners of (hips, veffels, and boats, licensed by the admiralty, to give security to re-de!iver their licences, in cafe any such fhips, veffels, or boats, shall be loft, broken up, or otherwise disposed of.

Cap. 83. For the further support and maintenance of curates within the church of England, and for making certain regulations respecting the appointment of such curates, and the admission of persons to cures augmented by Queen Anne's bounty, with respect to the avoidance of other benefices.

Cap. 84. For further continuing, for a limited time, an aCf, made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft to enable the lord high ireafttrer, or com-miffioners of the treasury for the time beings to let\ to farm the duties granted by an aft, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majefi ty’s reign, on horses let to hire for travelling pojf and by time, to such persons asJhould be willing to contraft for thefame.

Cap. 85. For the better regulation of mills.

Cap. 86. To prevent abuses and frauds in the packing, weight, and sale of butter; and to repeal certain a<fts relating thereto.

Cap. 87. For regulating the trade or business of pawnbrokers. Cap. 88. To regulate the buying and felling of hay and ftraw; and for repealing fo much of two a6ts, made in the fccond

year

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

year of'the reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the thirty-firfl year of the reign of King George the Second, as re- , late to the buying and felling of hay and flraw, within the limits therein mentioned.

Cap. 89. For assessing the commiffioners, clerks, and other officers ot the duties on lair, for their falaries, and the profits of their respective offices, to the land tax, in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the city and liberty of Wejlminjlery nctwithftanding the fa id office has been removed into Somerfet Place, within the duchy liberty in the Strand, in the county o fMiddlefex.

Cap. 90. For the relief of persons equitably and beneficially entitled to, or interested in, the several flocks and annuities transferable at the bank of England.

Cap. 91. For dissolving a certain partnerfhip, fociety, or .undertaking, called The Million Bank, and for dividing the joint flock and funds belonging thereto, amongll the members thereof.

Cap. 92. For amending and reducing into one adl of parliament, two several ads, palled in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majelly, for the better .ordering the militia of the city of London, and for the further regulating of the trained bands or militia of the said city.

Cap. 93, To amend and render more effedlual an adl, made in the thirty-firft year of his present Majefly, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the harbour of Swanfea, in the county of Glamorgan, and for making improvements in the lights at Phe Mumbles.

Cap. 94. For building a bridge over the river hchin, at or near Northern, within the liberties of the town and county of the town of Southampton, and for making a road from the said town to the said bridge, and from thence to communicate with the road leading from Weft End to Botlcy, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 95. For authorising the company of proprietors of the Warwick and Braunjlon canal navigation to vary the course of a certain part of the laid canal, and for amending and altering the adl made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majefly, for making the said canal.

' Cap. 96. To explain and amend an adl, palled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majefly, intituled, An a5t for making and maintaining a navigable canal prom the river Severn, at Shrewfbury in the county of Salop, to the river Merfey, at or 7iear Netherpool in the county of Chefier, and also for making and maintaining certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal; and for varying and altering certain parts of the course of the laid canal and collateral cuts between Ruabon and Cbefieiy and for making and maintaining several other branches and collateral cuts to communicate therewith.

Cap. 97. To enable his Majefly, in right of his duchy of LaficaJUr^ to make a grant of certain lands, for the purpose of

carrying

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

carrying into execution an a 61, pa fled in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An ah for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the county of Weftmorland, to Weft Houghton, in the county palatine of Lancafter, and also a navigable branch from the said intended canal at or near Borwlcky ^ i?r Warton Cragg, and also another navigable branch from, aty or near Gale Mofs, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said county palatine of Lancafter.

Cap. 98. For widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving the haven, of the town and port of Great Grinijby, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 99. For the more effectually embanking, draining, pre-ferving, and improving certain low lands and grounds, lying and being in the several parishes or townships of Everton, Scaft-worthy Gringley on the Hilly Miflertony and JValkeringhdmy in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 100. For draining and improving, and for inclofing, dividing, and allotting, certain tracts of common and waste lands, called Maryland Smeeth and Marjhland FeUy lying within the country of Marjhland, in the county of Norfolk, and for ftinting and regulating the flocking, feeding, and depafturing of the said fmeeth and fen, until the inclofure, divifion, and allotment thereof.

Cap. 101. For dividing, allotting, inclofing, draining, embanking, and improving the open and common fields., ings, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the several townships of McrtoUy JValkerithy Eafl Stockwithy.Blitony JVhartcny Pilhaniy and Gilby in the several parishes of Gainfburghy Blitony and Pilham in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 102. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the several parishes within the city of Line chiy and county of the fame city, and of the parish of Saint Margarcty part whereof lies within the said city, and the other part in the close of Lincoln% in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 103. For re*building the parish church of Saint Martin Outwichy in Lhreadneedle Street, within the city of London.

Cap. 104. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 105. For granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt. >

Cap. 106. To amend an act, made in the laft.feflion of parliament, intituled, An a5l to amend an ally made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefentMajefty, intituled y cAn aft for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation offugary and for permitting the importation of jugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda iflands. in foreign flaps \ and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars exported in any other than British fhips.

Cap, . 

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Cap. 107. For continuing the encouragement and reward of persons making certain discoveries for finding the longitude at Tea, or making other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto.

Cap. 108. To continue several laws therein mentioned relating to the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain; to the encouraging the manufacture of Britijh fail cloth, and securing the duties on foreign fail cloth imported ; to securing the duties upon foreign-made fail cloth, and charging foreign-made fails with a duty ; and to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of Britijh-made cordage.

Cap. 109. Further to continue an a6t, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft tor eflablijhing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cafes.

Cap. no. For permitting the carrying coastwise of lime* limeftone, dung, and other articles of manure, without taking out fufferance, tranfire, or let-pafs.

Cap. hi. To prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the paper manufadlory.

Capr 112. For authorising his Majesty to order the regifter-in-g, and the granting certificates of regiftry,to certain {hips and veflels, the property of his Majesty’s fubje&s, which had belonged to, or been in possession of, the enemy, and concerning which doubts have arisen whether they are entitled to be registered according to the existing laws in that behalf.

Cap. 113. For allowing the importation of arrow root from the Britijh plantations, and alfc of linseed cakes, and rape cakes, • from any foreign country, in Britijh-built fhips, owned, navigated, and regiftered, according to law, without payment of duty* Cap. 114. To explain and amend an a£f, passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of fubflitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an aft of parliament^ pajfed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majeflyy intituledy 4 An aft for amending, and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 115. To enforce the due execution of an adf, pafied in the last session of parliament, intituled, An aft for raiflng a certain number of meny in the several counties in England, for thefervice of his Majesty s navy.

Cap. 116. For making allowances, in certain cafes, to fubal-tern officers of the militia, in time of peace.

Cap. 117. To exempt dairies and rooms used folelv for making, keeping, and drying cheese and butter* from the duties on windows and lights.

Cap. 118. To authorise the sale of fi(h at Billingfgatey by retail.

Cap. 119. To enable the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eqfl Indies% to purchase certain houses and

ground

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ground contiguous to the East India houle, and to widen the north end of Lime Street.

Cap. 120. For enabling the East India company to perform an engagement entered into by them with William Sabatier gentleman, respecting the importation of cotton from the East Indies.

Cap. 121. For further continuing the duty of one farthing per chalder on coals, granted by an ad passed in the firffc year of the reign of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by two ads, palTed in the eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving and repairing the piers and harbour of Whitby, in the county of York.

Cap. 122. For granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling and transport bills.

Cap. 123. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on foreign wines and British tweets, and on foreign wines fold by audion.

Cap. 124. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on dogs.

Cap* 125. For the better collection of the duty on hats.

Cap. 126. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix; and for further appro-propriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 127. For enabling the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to purchase ground for building warehouses upon, and to make a new street from Petticoat Lane to White Street, instead of Gravel Lane in Petticoat Lane.

PUBLICK ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 128. To continue the term of two ads palled in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of King George the Second, and the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from The Well, at the north weft end of the town or village of Farnborough, in the county of Kent, to a place called River hilly in the parish of Sevenoaks, in the said county.

Cap. 129. For enlarging the term and powers of three ads of the sixth and sixteenth years of his late Majesty, and the fegond year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from Wades Mill in the county of Hertford, to Barley and Royftorjy in the said county.

Cap. 130. For continuing the term of certain ads for repairing the road from North Shields in the county of Northumberland, to the town of NewcaJUe upon Tyne.

Cap*' 131. For amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, several roads in and through his Majesty’s forest of Dean, and the waste lands thereto belonging, in the county of Gdoucefter, and for turning, altering, and changing the courle of the said roads, and for making several new roads in the laid

foreft

A T A BT, E of the STATUTES.

fore ft to lead to certain places in and near the fame ; and alfofdr amending, widening, and keeping in repair, certain roads leading from the said forest to and through several parts of the pa-nlh of Newland, adjoining the said forefl:, and also leading; from the bottom of a place called The Vitfey Hill in the said forefl*. to and through certain parts of the parishes of Lidney and Awre, adjoining the said forefl, in the said county of Gloucefter.

Cap. 132. For making and repairing the roads from the bridge of Dee fouthward, through the county of Kincardine, to or near to the town of Stonehaven, and from thence by Inverbervie and by Laurence Kirk, to the lower and upper bridges over the river Northe/k; and for making effectual the statute labour in the said county, and levying conversion money in lieu of labour in certain cafes, and other wife regulating, making, and repairing, high roads and bridges in the said county of Kin kar dine.

Cap. 133. For enlarging the term and powers of two a6ls* paired in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majefly, for repairing the road from the city of Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn’s Gutter, and also several other roads therein mentioned, fo far as the said a6ls relate to the said road from Coventry to Warwick, and from Co* ventry to Martyrs Gutter.

Cap. 134. For continuing and enlarging the term and powers of two acts made in the twenty-tixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the twelfth year of his present Majesty, in as far as respects the road from North ®>ueemferry, in the county of Fife, to the town of Perth, and more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in repair, the said road, and the landing places at the Fhieensferry.

Cap. 135. To continue the term and powers of an a61 passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for repairing, altering, and keeping in repair, the roads from Sheet Bridge to Portfmouth, and from Petersfield, to the Alton turnpike road, near Ropley, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 136. For making and maintaining a convenient carriage road from Wearmouih Bridge to Tyne Bridge, with a branch from the said road to the town of South Shields, all in the county of Durham.

Cap. 137. For more effectually repairing the road from Colne to Blackburn, in the county of Lancafter.

Cap. 138. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of three several a&s, passed in the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing certain roads therein mentioned, id far as the fame a<5ls relate to the road from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the fouth-weft corner of the inclosures of Harrovjgate, in the weft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 139. For amending and rendering more effectual twe*

a6t s ?

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

a&s, made in the twenty-ninth and thirty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing certain roads in the county of Perth.

Cap. 140. To enlarge the term and powers of three atfts palled in the thirteenth year of King George the Firft, the feven-teenth year of King George the Second, and the seventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Cranford Bridge, in the county of ^Aiddlefexy to that end of Maidenhead Bridge, which lies in the county of Bucks, and for amending the road from Slough to a certain place in Etotiy and from Langley Broom to Datchet Bridge, in the county of Buckingham.

Cap. 141. For enlarging the term of an adt made in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Old Stratford in the county of Northampton, to Dunchurch in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 142. For amending and keeping in repair the road from the turnpike road in Little Yarmouth to the turnpike road at Blythburgh, and also the road from Brampton to Halefworthy in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 143. For repairing and amending the road leading from Crofsford Bridge within Stretford, in the county palatine of Lan-tajlery to Altrincham in the county palatine of Chejler.

Cap. 144. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an a6t, patted in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An aft for repairing and widening the road from the market cross in the townjhip of Clitberoe, to Salford Bridget the town ^Blackburne, in the county palatine ^/Lancafter.

Cap. 145. For enlarging the term and powers of two several a&s, palled in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from HenJhaWs Smithy upon Cranage Greeny through the town of Nether Knutsford, and by the south guide post in Mere and Biuklow Hilly to the town of Altrinchamy in the county palatine of Chejler, and from the said guide post to Warrington in the county of Lancajlery and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny*s Lane near Northwich in the said county of Chejler.

Cap. 146. For enlarging the term and powers of certain a<5t$ of parliament, made for repairing the several roads in the counties of Stafford, Worcejlery and Warwicky fo far as relates to the road leading from a place called Streetway in the county of Staff fordy though Wolverhampton to Wordjley Green Gate, and other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 147. For continuing and enlarging the term and powers of an a£t, passed in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, for repairing and widening several roads leading to and from the towns of Bala and Dolgelleyy in the county of Merionethy and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Montgomery Denbighy and Salop y and for repairing several other roads in the counties of Merioneth and Denbigh.

Vol. XL.  b  Cap.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 148. For altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Macclesfield, by Broken Crojs, to Congleton, all in the county palatine of Chefier.

Cap. 149. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an aeft, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An dfl for enlarging the term of an aSt made in the fecondyear of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from a certain place, near Bolton in the Moors, to Leigh, and thence to the guide pofi near Golbourne Dale, and to the south end of Newton Bridge,. and from the said guide post to Winwick, and from Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the guide pofi in Parr, in the county palatine of Lan-cafter, and for making more effectual provifieri for repairing and widening the /aid roads, except from the said guide pofi near Golbourne Dale to Winwick.

Cap. 150. To enlarge the term and powers of an a&, passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majefly, intituled, An aft for repairing and widening the several roads near the towns 0/TIockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton, and Winkbourne, in the county of Nottingham, and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road branching out of one of the said roads, in the village of Kirklington, to the Street Gate road, and the Newark and Southwell turnpike road at Great Bridge, all in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 151. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an aeft passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for repairing and widening the road from Stall Gate Clofe, at the south wefi end of the town 0/"Bedford, to the town of Ampthill, and from the said town of Ampthill, to Wobourn Park, in the county of Bedford, and aljo the road branching out of the fame, in Kempfton Field, to the turnpike road leading from Hitchio to the said town tf/Tedlord, except fo far as the fame relates to the road leading from the south end of Ridgemont Town to the entrance of Woburn Parky at a place called The Red Ledges', and for making and main^ taining a road from the south end of Ridgemont Town aforesaid, through Hufborn Crawley, to the north end of the tow?n of Woburn, and for difeontinuing the said part of the said road leading from the south end of Ridgemont to The Red Lodges ore-faid, and also for difeontinuing the highway from thence, through the said park, to where it joins the road leading from Woburn to Everjholt, all in the said county of Bedford.

Cap. 152. For railing, maintaining, and keeping in repair, the road hom the north end of the bridge, commonly called The Old Trent Bridge, to the weft end of Saint Alary’s church yard, by way of Hollow Slone, in the parish of Saint Mary, m the town of Nottingham, and for erebtincr and maintaining;

r  <->  .  *  O  O

fuch and fo many flood bridges upon the said road as may be ceceffary to carry off the flood water, and for widening and improving the entrance into the town of Nottingham by w;ay of Hollow Stone.

PRIVATE

A TABLE of the STATUTES. PRIVATE ACTS.

X.  A N adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common downs, common meadows,

Wafte lands, and other commonable places, within the several tythings or hamlets of Michelmerjh, Braijhfield, and Awbridge, in the manor and parith of Mitcbelmerjh, and within the manor and pari(h of Timfbury, in the county of Southampton.

2.  An a<51 to dissolve the marriage of Henry JVakemon efquire, with 'Theodofia Freeman his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

3.  An acfTt for naturalizing Alexander Charles Bone and ‘John Henry Charles Albrecht.

4.  An adt for naturalizing John'Henry Freefe.

5.  An adt for naturalizing Petrus IViUoelmus Aloyfius Pottgeijfer.

6.  An adt for naturalizing Marie Anne Blaauw, commonly called Marla Ann Blaauw.

7.  An add to exonerate the estate of fir Charles Rich baronet, and dame Mary Frances his wife, fituatein the county of Surrey, from certain annuities, or annual fums, payable during the life and for the benefit of fir George Rich baronet, upon the terms therein mentioned.

8.  An add for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common fields, common meadows, common paftures, downs, and all other commonable lands, within the manor and parish of Alvef-coty in the county of Oxford.

9.  An add for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, wafte, and other commonable lands, within the ty thing of AivrCy in the parish of Azure, in the county of Gloucefer.

10.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain commons and waste lands, and ppen fields, within the several parishes of Reymerjlone, Lett on, Or unworthy and Southbergby alias Barrow, in the county of Norfolk.

11.  An adf for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, and other commonable grounds and places, of and within the parifh, lordlhip, and liberties of Dunton Bajfet, in the county of Leicefcr.

12.  An adt for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Great IVool/loney in the county of Buckingham.

13.  An adt to obviate a doubt touching the validity of certain parts of an award, made in pursuance of an adt of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing a certain open tract of land, called Rothwell Haigb> within Roth-ivelly in the weft riding of the county of York.

14.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common fields, whole year lands, half year lands, commons, fen

b 2  grounds.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

grounds, and waste lands, within the parish of Northwold, in the county of Norfolk.

15.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common downs, wade lands, and other commonable places, in the parish of Nether Wallops in the county of Southampton.

16.  An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, wade lands, moors, and other commonable places, within the several parilhes of Bafmg and Mapplederwellt in the county of Southampton.

17.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the commonable lands and wade grounds within the manors of Kedewen, Hoptoti, and Overgortber, in the county of Montgomery.

18.  An ad for naturalizing John Diederich Lubbren.

19.  An ad for naturalizing Marla Gordon, otherwise Allan, fpinder.

20.  An ad for naturalizing John Frederick RebenacL

21.  An ad for naturalizing Henry Augujlus Cor thy m.

22.  An ad for naturalizing John Jujtus Runkel.

23.  An ad for naturalizing Henry Chrijlian Reimer.

24.  An ad to enable the right honourable Richard Grenville Nugent Temple, commonly called Earl TempUj and the right honourable Anna Eliza Brydges, fpinder, commonly called Lady Anna Eliza Brydges, to make settlements on the marriage intended between them, notwithdanding their respective minorities.

25.  An ad: for enabling the trustees for sale of certain estates of fir John Honywood baronet, which flood fettled on him as tenant for life, unimpeachable for wafte, to fell the fame estates with the timber and underwood (landing, and for allowing him to receive the amount of such timber and underwood at a fair valuation, and for debarring him from falling timber, or committing wafte, on the lands hereafter to be purchafed.

26.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain open and common fields, common meadow's, common paftures, common downs, and other commonable and waste lands, lying and being in that part of .the manor of Elcombe which is situate within the parish of Wrought on, and within the tything oftJffcot, in the parifti of Broad Hinton, in the county of Wilts.

.27. An ad for dividing a certain heath, called Somerjham Heath, in the county of Huntingdonand (or dividing and incloling such parts of the (aid heath as (hall be allotted to the parishes of Woodhurjl, Somerjham, and Pidley with Fenton, and also the open fields and commonable lands within the said parifhes.

28.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the common fields, undivided inclofures, commons, and waste grounds, within the township of Kimberivortb, in the parish of Rotheram, in the weft riding of the county of York.

29.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, a certain

parcel

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

parcel or trad of commonable ground, formerly part of Kings Sedgmoor, lying in the pari fh of Butleigh, in the county of Somerfet.

30.  An ad for dividing and allotting the open and common-able paftures, and for exchanging, allotting, and improving, the open and commonable arable lands, within the parish of Woollavington, in the county of Somerfet.

3r. An ad for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and common or commonable meadows, paftures, lands, and grounds, and common or waste land, within the parish of Tyfoe, in the county of Warivick.

32.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons and waste lands, within the parish of Chefwardine, in the county of Salop.

33.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open fields, commons, and waste grounds, within the townships of Gateford and Sbireoaks, in the parish of Workfop, in the county of Nottingham.

34.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Beigbton> in the county of Derby.

35.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the federal open and common fields, meadows, paftures, waste lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parishes of Blunham and Nortbill9 in the county of Bedford.

36.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Grandborough, in the county of Buckingham.

37.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons and waste grounds within the manor and borough of Macclesfield, in the county of Chefler.

38.  An ad for dividing, inclofing, and allotting, the open and common fields, commbn meadows, common paftures, lammas grounds, waste lands, and other commonable lands and grounds,- in the parish of Little Brickhill, in the county of Bucks•

39.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the moors, commons, and waste grounds, in the manors and parishes of Cumwhitton and Cumreiu, within, and parcel of, the barony of Giljland, in. the county of Cumberland.

40.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste grounds in the several townships of Thornton, Farmanhy, Eller -burn, and Kingtborp, within the parishes of Thornton, EUerburny and Pickering, in the north riding cf the county of 2Vi, and for making a compensation in lieu of the tythes thereof, and of ancient inclosed lands in the fame townfhips,

41.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the several commons and waste lands, within the manor and hamlet of Baffall, in the parish of Hampton in Ardeny in the county of Warwick.

42.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Snenton in the county of Nottingham*

43- An

1  

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

43.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the whole year or every year lands, half year, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Little Barton, other wife Bar* ion Mills, in the county of Suffolk.

44.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, waste lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Norton, in the county of Hertford.

45.  AO ad for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Pertenhall, in the county of Bedford.

46.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, paftures, leys, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the lordihip of HibalJloWy in the county of Lincoln.

47.  An ad to dissolve the marriage of William Townfend Mullins efquire, with Frances Elizabeth Sage his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

48.  An ad for naturalizing David Mitch el.

49.  An ad for naturalizing Herman Jacob Garrels.

50.  An ad for carrying into execution an agreement entered into by William Egerton efquire, for the sale of the sum of twenty thousand pounds, and intereft, advanced upon an alignment of the Chefler canal navigation, with its appurtenances, together with the laid security for the fame, and to enable the trustees appointed by the will of Samuel Egerton efquire, deceafed, to convey and dispose of the said sums and fecurity, and to lay out the money arising from the sale thereof upon the trusts of the said will.

51.  An ad for effeduating an exchange of certain lands in the several parishes of Ickham, in the county of Kent, and Saint Margaret, in the city of Canterbury, between the guardians of the poor of the city of Canterbury and Thomas Barret, of Lee in the county oClient, efquire.

52.  An ad for effeduating a partition of certain eftatesin the county of Leicejler belonging to Samuel Madden efquire, and Catherine his wife, and Charles Lefie the younger, efquire, and Ami his wife, in their own rights, and to Samuel Pipe Wafer fan efquire, and John Moore clerk, as trudees under the wills of Alicia Dorothea Charnel, and Anna Maria Charnel fpinfters, both deceafed, and for other purposes.

53.  An ad to enable and empower trustees to fell certain copyhold estates belonging to Catherine Dallman Elliott, an infant, and to lay out the money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to the use of the said infant.

54.  An ad for vesting the real eftates, devised by the will of - John Wilkin [on, late of Whitby in the county of York, eiquire,

deceafed, in truftees, in truft, to be fold, and for applying the money arising therefrom, or a sufficient part thereof, in dif-

charge

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

charge of his debts affecting the fame eftates, in aid of his per-fonal eftate, and for placing out at interest the residue thereof, under the direction 6f the court of chancery, upon the trusts declared by the (aid will of such real eftate.

55.  An a£f for vesting certain manors, meftuages, farms, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate within IVeardley, Eccup, and Harewood, in the weft riding of the county of York, (part of the fettled elbtes of fir John Sheffield baronet), in Edward Lafcelles the elder, efquire, for his life, with certain remainders over, discharged of and from the several ufes, entail, and trufts, to which the fame now (land limited, and for settling the manor or reputed manor of Eccup, and divers meftuages, lands, and hereditaments, within Eccup, Jddle, Cotkeridge, Eajl Breary, and IVeJl Breary, in the said county of York, and also divers meftuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Lincoln, refpedlively, belonging to the said Edward Lafcelles the elder and Edward Lafcelles the younger, of much greater value in lieu thereof, and by way of exchange to the like ufes, entail and trufts.

56.  An a£l for effectuating a partition of the estates of Thomas Leacroft efquire, and John Leacroft gentleman, in the lordlhip or liberty of Unchurch, in the county of Derby.

57.  An adt to enable Evelyn Philip Medows efquire, and others after his death, to grant building leases of certain estates in the parish of JVbilechapel, in the county of Middlefex.

58.  An act for vesting the estates in the county of Cambridge, deviled by John Swale efquire, in truftees, to be fold at the fame time with certain estates of John Swale efquire, the fon, and for applying part of the monies to arise from the sale of the first mentioned estates in difeharging legacies, and for laying out the residue in the purchase of estates to be fettled to the fame ufes.

* 59. An a<51 for vesting the reCtory of Lyth in truftees, for the purpose of completing the sale thereof.

60.  An adt for setting out lands in lieu of, and compensation for, the rights of common in or upon the woodlands, and other lands and grounds, in the bailiwick of Clive, otherwise Cliffic, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, and for extinguilhing such common rights.

61.  An for dividing and allotting the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Barrington, in the county of Cambridge.

t)2. An aCl for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, common meadows, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Ridgemont, in the county of Bedford.

63.  An aeft for dividing and allotting the common and open fields, common meadows, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Houghton Regis, in the county of Bedford.

64.  An aeft for improving, dividing, and inclofing, the commons, waste grounds, and moffes, in the parish of Cartmel, in the county palatine of Lancajler.

65.  An add lor dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, commonable lands, commons, and

wafte

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

wafte grounds, within the parish of Maulden, in the county of

Bedford.

66.  An ad for dividing and inciofmg the open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, in the parish of Sherington, in the county of Buckingham.

67.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields'and commonable places of Walcott, in the parish of Miferton, in the county of Leicejler.

68.  An ad for dividing, allotting, inclofing, and improving

the open fields, common and waste grounds, within the several townships of Weft Ella,  Ella, and Willerby in the county of

the town of Kingjlon upon Hull, and within that part of Willerby, which lies in the county of

69.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the heaths, fen grounds,

commons, and waste lands, within the parishes of Ellough, Wor-lingham Saint Mary, otherwise Great Worlingham, Worlingham Saint Peter, otherwise £///£? Worlinghamy and  £0^, in

the county of Suffolk.

70.  An 2d for dividing and inclosing the commons, common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Mirfieldy in the county of York.

71.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Marfton Moretainey in the county of Bedford.

72.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields and meadows, commonable and intermixed lands and waste grounds, within the several parishes of Barmvood, Matfony Saint Mary de Lodey Saint Catherine, and Saint Michaef and within the south hamlet and vill of Wottony all in the county of Gloucefter.

73.  An ad for dividing and allotting the open and common arable fields, and extinguishing the right of pasturage upon a piece of land called Hayne’s Clofey within the parish of Hanley, otherwise Handley, otherwise Sixpenny Hanleyy in the county of Dorfet.

74.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, halfyear’s land, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Scredingtony in the county of Lincoln.

75.  An ad for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields, waftes, and common ground, in the parifh, liberties, and precincts of Whitfield, in the county of Northampton.

76.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the several open common fields, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the township of Hambleton, in the parish of Bray ton, in the weft riding of the county of York.

77.  An ad to dissolve the marriage of Lancelot Sbadwell enquire, barrister at law, with Elizabeth Sophia Whitmore his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

78.  An ad for naturalizing Frederick Lewis Erneft baron de Feilitzjch.

79.  An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

79. An ad for naturalizing Arnold John Gevers Leuven.

So. An a61 for verting certain .detached parts of the fettled estates of Walter Faivkes efquire, in trurtees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arising by sale thereof in the purchase or manors, or other hereditaments, lying nearer to, and more convenient to be enjoyed with, the mansion house at Farnley Hall, and the bulk of the fettled ertates, to the like uses as such detached parts rtand limited.

81.  An ad to enable the vicar of the parish of Blackburn, in the county of Lancafier, to grant a lease or leafes, with powers of renewal, of part of the glebe lands belonging to the fa id vicarage.

82.  An act to enable trurtees to convey part of the fettled ertates of John Newnham efquire, deceafed, in the county o fSuJJ'ex, unto fir John Shelley baronet, his heirs and artigns, in exchange for certain messuages and lands in the fame county.

83.  An ad for verting part of the fettled ertates of William Parker Hamond efquire, in the county of Middlefex, in trurtees, to be fold, for discharging incumbrances, and for laying out the residue of the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled tq the fame ufes, and for enabling the said trurtees, and the said William Parker Hamond, to grant leases of part of the said estates for the pur-pofe of building.

84.  An ad for making a partition and division of .divers meffuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the feverai counties of Carmarthen and Glamorgan, devised by the will of William Powell efquire, deceafed, and now held in undivided moieties, and for settling and alluring the fpecificand entire mefiuages, lands, and hereditaments, which, upon such partition, are respectively allotted to be held in feveralty, for, or in lieu of, each of the said undivided moieties, to the feverai ufes, and subject to the feverai charges and incumbrances now subsisting upon, or affeding, such undivided moieties refpedively.

85.  An ad for verting certain detached parts of the real ertate late of fir Edward Vaughan Manfell baronet, deceafed, fit 11 ate. in the county of Carmarthen, in trurtees, in truft, to be fold, and to apply the money, to arise from such fale, in the reduction of the (everal mortgages, or other incumbrances fubfirting upon, or affeding, such real eftate, and also for enabling such trurtees to demise the mines, -veins, or seams of coal, lying under the residue of such real eftate, in such manner, and with such confent, as therein is mentioned.

86.  An ad to impower the guardians of the mod noble Henry duke of Newcajlle, an infant, to charge his fettled estates with certain sums of money for the purposes therein mentioned, and to grant building and other leafes, and make exchanges or Tales of certain parts of the said eftates, and for other purposes.

87.  An ad for confirming (everal purchafes, conveyances, and fettlements, made of thfc estates of the mod honourable Francis marquis of Hertford and Ifahlla Ann marchioness of

Vql. XL.  c  1  Hertford.^

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Hertford^ his wife, lord I Villi am Gordon and Frances his wife, Hugo Meynell and Elizabeth his wife, Henry Hervey AJlon and Harriot his wife, and fir John Ramfden and dame Louifa Sufanna his wife.

88.  An a<5l for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, paftures, meadows, commons, and wade grounds, within the parish of JVejlon, in the county of Nottingham.

89.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons and waste lands within the several parishes of Ti/ney All Saints, Tilney Saint Lawrence, and Ifington, in the county of Norjolk.

90.  An adf for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, meadow, pafture, and other commonable and waste lands, in the lord(bip or liberties of Tivyford, in the county of Lei cefur.

91.  An a£! for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common fields, commorrmeadows, common paftures, and all other, commonable lands, within the pari(n of Hampton Pcyle? in the county of Oxford.

92.  An ad for altering, varying, and amending an ad, passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for dividing, inclofing, draining, and improving, the open fields, ings, paftures, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Old Malton, in the north riding of the county of York.

93.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain commons and waste lands within the manors or lordlhips of Farnworth and Kerfey, in the parish of Dean, in the county palatine of Lancajler.

94.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, marfh, meadow, and moor grounds, and other commonable and waste lands, in the parish of Tatterjhall and townships oiTatterfoallThorpe^nd Kirkby super Bane, in the county of Lin-coin? and for more effectually embanking and draining the said inarfh and meadow grounds, and certain other low lands and grounds, in the (aid parish of Tatterjhall, and township of Tatter-(hall Thorpe, abutting on the river Witham and river Bane? in the said county of Lincoln.

95.  An a<St for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, ings, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Bar-wick in Elmet, in the county of York.

96.  An for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common paftures, and such other common-able lands and waste grounds, as are within, and solely belonging to, the lord (hip of Caifor, in the county of Lincoln.

9jo An acct for dividing, inclofing, and improving, all the open common fields,meadows, pasture lands, commons,and waste grounds, in the townships of Luddington and Garthorpe? in the parish of Luddington? .in the county of Lincoln.

98.  An a<5t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open .^elds, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the , parish of Gringley upon the Hill, in the county of Nottingham.

99. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

99.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the whole year lands, half year or (hack lands, commons, and wade grounds, within the parish of Sharrington, in the county of Norfolk.

100.  An ad to divide, allot, improve, and indole, the open fields, meadows, commons, wades, and heath grounds, and other open and uninclosed lands, in the parish of Ufford^ with Jfljton and Bainton, in the county of Northampton.

101.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, paftures, commons, and waste lands, within the parishes of North Stoke and South Stoke, otherwise Stoke Rockford, in the county of Lincoln.

102.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, meadows, and paftures, in the parish of Barrington, in the county of Hereford.

103.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, common paftures, commons, wafte, and other uninclosed lands grounds, and within the manor or lordlhip, and parish of Eojl Bridgford, in the county of Nottingham.

104.  An ad to dissolve the marriage of Henry Farrer efquire, with Mary Goldfmith his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned. ^

105.  An ad to diftolve the marriage of the reverend William Brook Jones clerk, with Elizabeth his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

106.  An ad for diftolving the marriage of Richard Moorfom gentleman, with Elizabeth his now wife, late Elizabeth Clark, and for enabling him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

107.  An ad to diftolve the marriage of Jofeph Seymour Bifcoe efquire, with Sufanna Harriot Hope his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

108.  An ad to diftolve the marriage of James Chriftie efquire, with Elizabeth Lefie his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

109.  An ad for naturalizing Robert Howard, John Howard, and Mary Thomas otherwise Mary Howard.

no. An ad for naturalizing ChrijUan Henry Bollmann.

in. An ad for naturalizing Otto Bichner.

112.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable and waste lands and grounds, within the hamlet or township of Longcot, in the parish of Shrivenharn, in the county of Berks.

113.  An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Little CaJlorton> in the county of Rutland.

114.  An ad for dividing and inclosing the foreft, commons, and waste lands, within the liberties or townships of Lenton and Radford, in the county of Nottingham.

115* An ad for^ dividing and inclosing a common call Guifcky

Common,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Common, and other waste grounds, within the manor and town-fbip of Guifeley\ in the well riding of the county of York.

116.  An ad tor naturalizing John Ckrijlopber Falck.

117.  An act for enabling the honourable Andrew Foley, the. fur-vivingtruftee of two terms, of ninety-nine years,and one hundred and one years, created by the will of Thomas lord Foley, his late father, decealed, to grant leases of some parts of the estates comprized in those terms, and also to renew leases and copyhold grants made to, or in trust for, the said Thomas lord Foley, de-ceafed, or one of those under whom he derived a title 5 also to make exchanges of some parts of the premises comprized in the said term of ninety-nine years, and likewise to enable the said Andrew Foley to fell certain detached parts of the hereditaments and premises comprized in the said term of one hundred and one years, and to lay out the money to arise by such sale in the pur-chafe of other edates, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

118.  An aef for vesting certain plantations and ellates in the island of Grenada, late of fir James JohnJlone baronet, in truilees, to raise money by mortgage for repairing the damage, done thereto in the late infurre&ions.

119.  An aft for naturalizing Marian HaJUngs.

END OF THE TABLES.



THE,

7

STATUTES at Large, See.

j4nno  regni.GEORGII  III. , Mag-

nee  Britannice,  Franc, ,

tricejimofexto,.

AT the parliament begun and  at  Weft*

minfter, the twenty-fifth day of November, Anno Domini 1790, in the thirty-fir ft year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of. God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued,  by feveralprorogationto the twenty-

ninth day of October 1795; being the fixtb fiffton of the  feventeenthparliament  of reat Britain.

CAP. I.

An aft for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum,' cyder, and perry, for the ferviefc ot the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix.—[Nov. 23, 1795.3

1 Geo. 3. c. 3. continued to June 24* 1797.

cap. ir.

An a&.for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix.— [Nov. 23, 1795-]

Four (hillings in the pound* In England to rarf$ 1,989,673!. 7s. rod. iq.

In Scotland, 47,954b is. ad. Total, 2,037,627^93. od. iq.

N N  C  A P.

Vol. XL.

£4-6  Anno  regni  tricesimofexto Georgii III. c. 3.  [1795.

CAP. III.

An oft to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal\ flour, and potatoes, and to permit the importation of corn, and other articles of proviflon, yi?r (2 limited timey in any. flips whatever, without payment of duty.—[Nov. 23, 1795.]

Preamble,  THERE  AS 1/ /j expedient, the present circu?nflancesy to

V V prohibit generally the exportation of any fort of corn, w#/, 0/* and'of other articles made thereofyMnd of potatoes, from any part of this kingdom, to permit generally the importation of the fatne into any part of this kingdom, British flipsy or in flips belonging to persons of any kingdom or slate in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner whatever, and to permit the fame to be taken out of ware-houfe without payment of any duty whatever : may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal* and commons, in this pre-fent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. No wheat, &rc. That, from and after the palling of this a<ft, and until the expi-for^a lumted^ rat*on h* weeks from t^e commencement of the nextfeflion of time,  parliament, it {hall not be lawful for any person or persons to

export, from any part of this kingdom, any Britifl or foreign wheat, rye, barley, beer, or bigg, peafe, beans, oats, or any meal or fjour, or bread, bifcuit, or malt, made thereof, or any potatoes, or any Indian cotn or maize, or meal or flour made

&c ^ma Cben> t^iereo^ ’ anc*  be  f°r  anY Perf°n or persons to

imported ^ import, into any part of this kingdom, any foreign corn, or other

dpty-free ; articles, as aforesaid, in any Britifl ship or veffel, or in any other

{hip or vessel belonging to persons of any kingdom or state in

amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner whatever,

and taken out without payment of any duty whatsoever ; and also to take out qf

for hiome^U n8 warehoufe* fr>r home confumption, any such foreign corn, ox

fumption, " other articles, as aforesaid, without payment of any duty what-

foever; any acct or a<fts of parliament to the contrary notwith-

Perfons ex- {landing : and if any person (hall export, or shall load or lay on porting corn  o ^  y  i  *  *  *

&c. liable to* b°ard any fthp or other veffel, with intent to export, any corn or

penalties of Qthpx articles, as aforesaid, the person fo exporting, or loading or

laying on board, with intent to export the fame, shall be liable

and subject to the like forfeitures and penalties; and the said corn

or other articles, and the ship or vessel in which the fame shall be

exported, or loaded or laid on board, shall be subject and liable

to the like forfeitures, and in like manner to be sued for, profe-

cuted, recovered, and disposed of, as if the said corn or other

articles were exported, or loaded or laid on board, contrary to

the proviftons of two a£b, one gaffed in the thirty-firft yeap of

31 Geo. 3, c. the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An alt for regulating

30. and  importation  and  etypYlalion of corn, and the payment of the duty

on foreign corn importedy and of the bounty on British corn exported;

Geo - c an^ ot^er  hi  the  thirty-third  year  of his present Majesty’s

* reign, intituled, An all to amend an adfl made in the thirty-firjl

year

1795 ] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georou III. c. 3.  547

year of the reign of hit present Majefy, intituled\cAn a£l for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn importedyand of the bounty ^Bririfh corn exported :* pro- Ad not toex-vided always, that nothing herein contained ftiall extend, or be con- corn^c*^11 ftrued to extend, to any foreign corn, meal, or flour, that shall warehoufed, have been, or may hereafter be, imported and warehoused in the and not taken manner, and on the conditions mentioned in the before-men- out for home tioned ad of the thirty-lirft year of his present Majesty's reign, con*umPb<?n-and (hall not have been taken out of such warehouse for home confumption.

II.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That it (hall HisMajeftyin and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, with

the advice of his or their privy council, to permit the carrying casing * coaftwife, or carrying out, or the exportation of, the several forts coaftwifc, Sec. of corn, or other articles, as aforesaid, for all or any of the pur. corn, &c. for poses mentioned in the said two ads, passed in the thirty-firft: and thirty-third years of his present Majesty*s reign, or either of them, [heabovea<S in like manner, and in the fame proportions and quantities, and from and to the fame ports ana places as is allowed by the said two ad6, or either of them, at such times as any of the several forts of corn, or other articles as aforesaid, are prohibited to be exported, subject to the like fecurities, conditions, regulations, and reftridions, forfeitures and penalties, as are by the said two ads, or by either of them, in any such cafe required and impofed.

III.  And whereas it is likewise expedient, under the present cir-cumjlames, to permit, for a limited time, the importation of certain otherprov'fions into Great Britain, in British Jhips, or in ships belonging to persons of any kingdom or fate in amity with his Majefy ^ and navigated in any manner whatever, without payment of any duty whatever: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the pafling of this ad, and until the Certain expiration of fix weeks from the commencement of the next i^^rted, C session of parliament, it ftiall and may be lawful to and for any duty free*, person or persons whatever to import into Great Britain, from from any any port or place whatever, in any Britj/h (hip or yeflel, or in any ^c^ff^s^or other (hip or vessel belonging to persons of any kingdom or state bclong-in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner what- ing to places ever, any beans, called Kidney or Frenth Beans, tares, lentiles, in amity with callivancies, and all other forts of pulse $ and also bulls, cows, his Majesty. oxen, calves, fheep, lambs, and fwine, beef, pork, mutton, veal,

and lamb, whether salted or otherwife, bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheefe, potatoes, rice, fago, fago-powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, aud four-crout, without the payment of any duty whatever, at all times before the said expiration of fix weeks from the commencement of the said next session of parliament; any thing in any ad or ads of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.  Provided always, and beJt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a due enrry (hall be made of all such beans Entry to be called Kidney or French Beans} tares, lentiles, callivancies, and

all other forts of pulse \ and of such bulls, cows, oxen, calves, the^officer of

N 2  fheep,  the cujtqms,

548 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Gkorgix III. e. 4,  [1795.

bn penalty of {heep, lambs, and fwine, beef and pork, veal, mutton, and lamb, forfeiture. bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheefe, potatoes, rice, fago, lago-powder, tabioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four crout, that shall be imported by virtue of thisa£f, with the proper officers of the cuftoms, at the port into which the fame Shall be imported ; and in default thereof, the fame shall '  be  forfeited,and  shall and may be seized by any officer or officers

of his Majesty’s cuftoms.

Recovery and V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That fo^eTtures1 °* Pena^ties an<^ forfeitures created and incurred by this adf, (and not herein otherwise specially directed to be prosecuted and recovered), shall and may be sued for, profecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalties incurred, or any goods, fhips, or veflels, forfeited for any offence against the laws of cuftoms, may now be legally sued for, profecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this a£t shall be entitled to and receive such (hare of the produce arising from the seizures as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importation, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine or penalty, or composition paid for any offence against this adt, as they are now by any law 'or regulation entitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

CAP. IV.

An adt to continue an a & for permitting the importation of organzined thrown filk, flax, and flax feed, into this kingdom, in ships or vessels belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, for a limited time.—[Nov. 23, 1795,]

35 Gep. 3. c. 100, recited. Continued until thirty days after the commencement af the next session of parliament.

CAP. V.

An aft to prohibit the exportation of candles, tallow, and foap, for a limited time.—[Do,cember 1, 1795*]

Preamble.  THERE  AS the exportation ofcandles x tallow, and foap, may

VV a* this time be greatly prejudicial to his Majesty’s subjects ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con lent of the lord’s spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and No candles, by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the passing foa°Wto be  no  Per^on or Perfons whatsoever shall directly or in-

exported j directly export, tranfport, carry or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from the kingdom of Great Britain, or load, {hip, or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden, {hipped, or laid pn board, in any fhip, or other vessel or boat, in order to be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of Great Britain, any candles, tallow, or foap, of any kind or qualify whatfoever, under the penalties ‘ ' '  or

549

br forfeitia-es hereafter mentioned ; (that is td fay), that all such penalty for candles,' tallow, or foap, fo exported, or laden, Shipped , or laid fl10*1 exPorta* on board* in order to be exported or carried out of Great Britain, lon* contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, (hall be forfeited ; and that every offender or offenders therein (hall federally forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, oflawful money of Great Britain, for every such offence, where the quantity forfeited shall not exceed one hundred weight of such candles, talldw, and soap ; and where the quantity forfeited shall exceed one hundred weight of such candles* tallow, and foap, the sum of fifty pounds for every one hundred weight of such candles, tallow, and foap, and fo in proportion for any greater quantity which shall be fo exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of Great Britain, or laden, {hipped, or laid on board, as aforesaid, in order to be fo exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of Great Britain ; and also the fhip, or other vessel or boat, in or upon which any fudi commodities shall be foexported,fhipped,or laden, in order to be fo exported, and all her guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be forfeited ; and one moiety of all the laid pe- Application nalties and forfeitures shall be to the King's majefty, his heirs of penalties and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall sue for the fame : and for offences which shall be committed in England, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweedy such penalty of forfeiture shall be sued for by action of debt, - bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefiy’s courts of record at Weftminjler, courts of the counties palatine, or gfeat sessions in Wales, in which fuit no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, of more than one imparlance, shall be allowed : and for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action or summary bill, or information, in the court of felfion or exchequer in Scotland.

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Ofliceh dftfte it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or perfons, being customs or an officer or officers of the customs of excife, or being lawfully ^nsauthorlf-authorifed in that behalf by the lord high treafurer, or the coth- edby the miffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, for the treafury, may time being, to take and seize all such candles, tallow, and foap, seize candles, not allowed to be exported by this act, as he or they shall happen on^bonrd fhipR to find, know, or difcover, to belaid onboard any fhip, or other and entered * vessel or boat, at fea, or in any port, or in any navigable river for exporta-or water, to the intent or purpose to be exported, tranfported, or ti0n>011 NoT» conveyed, out of this kingdom, contrary to the true intent and I0> meaning of this a£t, not actually laden on board any fhip, or other Veffel or boat, and entered for exportation, on the tenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and also the fhip, vessel or boat, in which the fame shall be found, and to bring the fame to the King’s warehouse or warehouses belonging to the cuftom-houfe next to the place where such seizure (bail be made, or to some other safe place as near thereto as can conveniently be done, in order to be proceeded against according to law,

Ilf. Provided always, That this afl, or any thing herein Adt not toes-

N N 3

containedj UJRd com-



ditions.

£50 Anno tegni tricefitno sexto Georgii III. c. [1795*

modifies car- contained* lhall not extend to prohibit the exportation'or cajry-for ute dn the *nS out °f or muc^ of the laid commodities* assail be voyagei necessary to be carried in any ship or(hips* or other vessel or veflels* in their refpeiflive voyages, for the purpose of being used in the fame ships or veflels. nortoprohibit  IV. Provided alfo* That this or any thing herein con-

carried coaft* taine<^? (hall not extend to prohibit any person of persons to (hip wise with luf- or Put on hoard any such candles, tallow, and foap, to be carried ierance, &c.; coastwise ; that is to fay, from any port, member, ©r creek, of Great Britain* to any other port, member, or creek, of the fame refpeftively, having such or the like coast cocket or fuffer-ance for that purpose* or such or the like sufficient security being first given for the landing and discharging the fame, in some other port, member, or creek* of Great Britain, and returning a certificate in fix months, as is required by law in cafes where goods, which are liable to pay duties on exportation, are carried coastwise from one port of Great Britain to another* and not other wife.

nof to their V. Provided alfo. That this or any thing herein con-beingexported tained, (hall not extend* or be construed to extend, to prohibit Ma*eRi°8do- exPort*ng or carrying any such commodities from Great ininionsunder Britain to any of his Majesty’s dominions in or out of Europe, certain con- fo as the exporter or exporters thereof do, before shipping or laying the fame on board, in order to be exported from Great Britain into any of the said dominions give such security for landing thereof in such dominions, and under such penalties and forfeitures for relanding the fame in any part of Great Britainy as is now by law required on the exportation of the said commodities, or either of them* from Great Britain$ and also (hall give, to the proper officer or officers of his Majesty’s customs at the port at which such commodities (hall be entered out and (hipped for exportation, security by bond in treble the value of such commodities, conditioned to produce certificates of the due landing thereof at the places for which they have been entered, within such times refpe£iively, and under such conditions* rules, and regulations, as far as the fame can be applied, which are by law limited and directed to be given for returning certificates of the due landing of corn exported from Great Britain.

VI.  And be it further enabled, That all persons who have

purchafed candles* tallow, and foap, for the purpose of exporting

the fame, (provided the quantity (hall amount to one hundred

and twelve pounds weight or upwards,) (hall be at liberty to

declare the bargain void* upon giving notice of filch his, her* made void by

or their intention to the feller or Tellers of such candles, tallow, no ice on or an(j foap, on or before the tenth day of December one thousand (even hundred and ninety-five; provided such bargain (hall have been made on or before the eighteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

VII.  And be it further enabled. That this acct (hall be and continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix*

VIII.  Provided

Bargains made ‘ on or before Nov. 18. for candles, See. for exportation may be

before Dec. JO; *79S

Continuance of a<ft.

*795-] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That any part of may he this aft may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any aft or afts pealed this*" to be made in this present session of parliament.  feflion.

CAR VI.

An aft to prohibit.) for a limited time, the making of Jiarch, halt powder, and blue> from wheat, and other articles of food; and for lowering the duities on the importation of Jiarch, and of other* articles made thereof—(Dec, i, 1795*)

WHE R E AS £y aft, wtfde  twenty seventh year ^Preamble.

the reign of his present Majefly, for repealing the fevera I Geo. 3. duties of afiloms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof c. 13, recited. and for other purposes,  certain duty of cujloms of five pounds five

Jhillings and eight-pence, is impofedfor every hundred weight of fiarch imported into Great Britain; and a like duty is also imposed for every hundred weight of hair powder imported into Great Britain ; and by the said aft a certain duty of excise of three-pence farthing is im~ posed for every pound weight avoirdupois of Jiarch made in Great Britain ; and a certain drawback of the said duly of excise is granted on the exportation of every pound weight avoirdupois of such Jiarch to foreign parts ': and whereas it is expedient that the making of fiarch, and also of hair powder and blue, from wheat, barley, rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man in this kingdom, Jhould be prohibited for a limited tune ; and also that the duties on Jiarch and hair powder respectively imported Jhould be lowered, and the said drawback on the exportation of fiarch difco?i~ tinued, except as is herein-after excepted: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con* sent of the lords spiritual and temporal* and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That, during the continuance of this aft, three pounds fifteen 3*-153.4^. pet (hillings and four-pence per hundred weight of fiarch, part of the said duty of customs imposed upon fiarch imported into Great customs ori Britain, and the like sum of three pounds fifteen (hillings and starch and four-pence/><?r hundred weight of hair powder, part of the said duty hair powder of customs irrtpofed upon hair powder imported into Great Bri- [^^ravvbaclt tain, and also the whole of the said drawback of the said duty of 0f t^e duty of excife, except on the exportation of starch to his Majesty’s excise on excolonies or plantations in America, or to the Britijh settlements portation of in the Eajl Indies, shall be, and the fame respectively are hereby difeontinued; lave and except in all cafes relating to the recover- colonies in ing or paying any arrears thereof respectively which may at any America, or time remain unpaid of the said respective duties ; and also save settlements in and except all fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto refpeftively, which {hall respectively remain in full force, as well tinued. with respect to such arrears of duty as aforesaid, as with respect to the dudes which (hall remain due and payable after the patting of this aft.

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, N? ftarch,

. •  duringhan'P°wdsF»

Penalty for making ftarch, hair powder, or blue, from wheat, &c.

552 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. b 6.  [1795*

or blue, to be during the continuance of this adt, no ftarch, hair powder, or wheat^or^ blue, be made or prepared from any wheat, barley, rice* other article potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the used for food, food of man, or any mixture with wheat, barley, rice, potatoes* flout, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if, during the continuance of this adt, any maker or makers of ftarch, or other person or persons whatever, (hall make, or begin to make, ftarch, hair powder, or blue, from any wheat* barley, rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man, or any mixture with wheat, barley* rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any fat, trough, or other utenfii or veflel, any wheat, barley, rice* potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article, or thing used for the food of man, or any mixture with wheat, Barley, rice* potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man, for the purpose of making ftarch, hair powder, or blue, then, and in each and every such cafe, such. maker or makers of ftarch, hair powder, or blue, or other person or persons fo offending ; and the person dr persons in whose cuf-tody or pofleflion, any fat, trough, or other utenfii or veflel* which shall be made use of contrary to the intention of this adf* shall be found, fhall, severally and ffcfpe&ively (over and above all other penalties imposed by any adl or acts of parliament already in force,) forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds; and all such wheat, barley, rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man, together with every such fat, trough, or other utenfii or veflel, shall be forfeited, and the fame refoedtively shall and may be seized by any

ex7idytrtt0°fficer

or officers of excife: provided always neverthelefs, that completing nothing in this adt contained shall extend, or be deemed or con-ftrued to extend, to iubjedt any starch maker to the said penalty of two hundred pounds, for or by reason of his completing or finishing any operation of ftarch-inaking, from any wheat, barley* rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man, openly put in fermentation in his entered starch houfe, on or before the twentieth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety*-five, fo that such operation shall be continued without' wilful delay* any thing in this adt contained to the contrary ifi any wife notwkhftanding.

IV.  And be it further cnadted by the authority aforesaid, That if any wheat, barley, rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other forfeited and article or thing used for the food of man, fhall, during the con-the poftHIors tinuance of this adt, be found in any starch houfe, or in any place .wherein starch shall be ^preparing lor making, or wherein any starch shall have been prepared or made, or which shall have been, or shall be, entered for making or preparing of ftarch, all such wheat, barley, rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man, refpedtively, shall be forfeited, together with the veffels, facks, bags, and other things

contain-

ftarch from wheat, &c. put in fermentation on or before INov.20,1795.

Wheat, he* found in starch houfes

to forfeit 200I.

containing the fame, and the feme {hall and may be seized by any officer dr officers of excise ; and the person or persons in whose pofTeffion such (larch house or place shall be, shall for every such offence respectively forfeit the sum oF two hundred pounds.

V.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, during the continuance of this a£1, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons who {hall be authorised for that purpose, by the commissioners of excise for the time being, or any two or more of them, within the limits, of the chief office of excise in London, or by one or more justice or justices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, at any time or times, with any officer or officers of excife, or for any officer or officers of excife, to enter into Any (larch houfe) or any other place whatever, wherein Any ftarch, hair powder, or blue, (hall be, or (hall be flifpedted to be, preparing or making, or prepared or made, and ev^ry such officer of excife, and peiffon fo authorised as aforesaid, (hall have free admittance into, and may infpe£tali the materials, veifels, and utenfils, contained in any such {larch house or other place (giving thereby as little -interruption as may be to the lawful bufmefs which shall be there carrying on ;) and in cafe any such officer of excise shall have reason to fufpe£l that any wheat, barley, rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or arty other article or thing used for the food of man, is mixed in any waters or liquids, or with any other materials.or preparations whatfoever, or is otherwise in operation for preparing of making flarch, hair powder or blue, it shall be lawful for such officer, at any time or times during the continuance of this adl, upon payment of three-pence per pound weight, (if demanded,) to take a femple, not exceeding fifty pounds weight, of any such mixtures in waters or liquids, or other materials or preparations, which shall be found in any such starch house or other place aforesaid ; and in cafe any maker of flarch, hair powder, or blue, or the owner or occupier of any such starch house or place, or afty workman or servant belonging tef anv such maker or makers, or owner or occupier, shall refuse to admit such person or perfons' as (hall be fo authorifed, or any officer or officers of excife, into any such starch house or place, of shall obflrudl or hinder any such officer, or person or perfons, ill making such inspection as aforesaid, or shall not ailow any such officer to take such femple, after the said sum or three-pence per pound weight shall be paid or tendered for the feme, every such maker, owner, or occupier, shall for evOty such offence refpec-tively forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such officer bf excife, or other person or persons authorised as aforesaid, having a warrant for that purpose from any two or more of the commissioners of excife, or any juftiee or justices refpedtively, as aforesaid, to leizc, take, and carry away, all such wheat, barley, rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man, and also all such mixtures, or waters, or liquids, or other materials or preparations* as shall be found in any such (larch houfe, or other place, together

553

Perfons an-thoriled, and officers of excife, may enter starch houses and iti-fpect materials $

and officers may take f4triples of mixtures, paying for the Lme, if they fill peel wheat, See. to be mixed .. therein.

Penalty of 2ocl. for refuting admif-fion, or preventing the inspection of materials, Sec.

Wheat, See. fo founds may be feized.

Makers of ftarch, Sec. may keep in their houses wheat, &c,

Penalty for having more than that quantity;

Anno rfegni tricesimo sexto Georgii Hi. c 6.  [1795.

ther with all the veflels, fa£ks, bags, and other things in which the said commodities, or any of them, {hall be contained.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it {hall and may be lawful for any maker or makers of {larch, hair powder* or blue, to have or keep, for his, her, or their necessary ufe, in any dwelling houfe, room, or place, (not being an entered houfe, room, or not exceeding place, for making or preparing of (larch), any quantity of eight bufhels. wheat, barley, rice* grain, potatoes, flour, or meal, not exceeding, at any one time, the quantity of eight bushels of wheat, barley, rice, grain, potatoes, flour, and meal; and that if any such maker or makers'fhall, during the continuance of this a£l, be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their custody or pof-feffion, or in the custody or possession of any person or perfonS in trufl or for the use or benefit of such maker, more, than eight bushels of wheat* barley, rice, grain* potatoes^ flour, or meal, at any one time, in any one or more place or places, every such maker or makers (hall for every such offence respectively forfeit all such wheat, barley* rice, grain, potatoes, flour, and meal, exceeding the said quantity of eight bufhels, ai>dalfo the sum of five but not to e*- pounds for every bushel fo forfeited * provided always neverthe-makers bein^ ^at a£t (hall not extend to infli£l the said laft-mentioned growers of * forfeiture or penalty, or either of them, upon any maker of (larch who (hall be the actual grower of wheat, barley, or other grain, and shall be possessed of any quantity of such wheat, barley, or other grain, in the draw, grown by him, or after such wheat, barley,or other grain is threshed out or separated from the draw: provided, that such wheat, barley, or other grain, (hall not be kept in his poffeflion, or in the possession of any other person or persons in trufr for him, for a greater space of time than twenty days after the fame shall be threshed or separated from the draw, and fo as such wheat, barley, or other grain, be not kept in any place used for making, preparing, or keeping {larch ; provided alfo, that this a£l (hall not extend to infli£l the said laft-mentioned forfeiture and penalty, or either of them, upon any maker of starch who practices the trade of a miller, and who was possessed of, and as a miller worked, any mill or mills for the grinding of wheat, barley, or other grain, on or before the third day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for or upon account of any quantity of wheat, barley, or other grain, which fhall, during the time herein-before limited, be found not wetted or fleeped in any such mill or mills ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

VII. And be it further ena£led by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any officer or officers of excife, or any other perfon

growers < wheat, or millers in certain cafes.

Oft oath of

picion that more than eight bilfhels

Iidondtha/U^ or Per^ons> at any t^me or times have cause to suspect that any wheat, barley, rice* grain* potatoes, flour, or meal, exceeding the quantity of eight bushels of such wheat, barley, rice, grain, of wheat, See. potatoes, flour, and meal, belonging to any maker or makers of ft or eh o ufean^ ^arc*h hair powder, or blue, shall be laid or kept in any flore-&c. officers of houfe, warehoufe, granary, or other place or places, contrary to

th

1:795’] Anno regrii tricesimo sexto Gjeorgii III. c. 6.  ^53

the true intent and meaning of this a<ft, then, and in every such excife, and cafe, upon oath made by such officer or officers, or other person ^e^^0ho, or perfons, before thecommiffioners of excife, or any two ot* more rifedtofearch, of them, in England for the time being, or before one or more and may fdze justice or justices of the peace residing ndar the place where such the furplas, officer or officers, or other person or perfons, (hall fufpefl the in^ltofe fame to be laid or kept, setting forth the ground of his or their cuftocjy found fufpicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commit- to forfeit 5I. fioners, or justice or justices of the peace refpeftively, before per ouiiiti. whom such officer or officers, or other person or perfons, lhall make oath as aforesaid, (if he or they shall judge it reafonable), by special warrant Under his or their respective hands and feals, to au-thorife and empower such officer or officers, or other person or persons authorised as aforesaid, by day or by night, (but if in the night* then inthe presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace) to enter into all and every ftorehoufe, warehoufe, granary* or other place or places, where he or they shall fo fufpeeft that any wheat* barley, rice, grain, potatoes* flour* or meal, exceeding the quantity of eight bushels of wheat, barley, rice, grain, potatoes, flour,, and meal, belonging to any such maker or makers, shall be laid or kept* and to feize, take, and carry away* all such wheat, barley, rice, grain, potatoes, flour, or meal, as he or they shall 10 find, (over and above the said quantity of eight bufhels), together with all the veflels, facks, bags, or other things, wherein the the fame shall be contained ; and such maker or makers, or the person or persons in whose custody or possession such wheat, barley, rice, grain, potatoes, flour, or meal, belonging to such maker or makers as aforesaid, shall be found, shall for every such offence refpe&ivelv forfeit and pay the said penalty of five pounds for every bushel exceeding the said quantity of eight bufhels; and Doors maybe the said officer or officers, and other person or perfons, is. or are broke open, hereby empowered by such warrant, together with such other perfort or persons as he or they shall take to his or their affiftance, to enter such ftorehoufes, warehouses, granaries, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof, in cafe they be not forthwith opened on demand*

VIII.  And whereas there may have been contracts made by makers ofjlarch with several persons for (larch or hair po wder to be delivered and received at future times after the pajfmg of this a SI; be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all contracts Contrails for or bargains made by any maker or makers of ftarch, or by any

maker or makers of hair powder, with any person or persons powder dnr-whatever, for any starch or hair powder to be delivered at any ing theconti-time during the continuance of this a£t, shall be, and are hereby nuance of this declared to be, null and void.

IX.  And whereas, for the protection of the fair trader, it is expedient to provide - the several rejlridionsi regulations, and matters* here'tn-after mentioned; be it therefore further cna&ed by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act * No hair pow. no hair powder shall be imported or brought from any part of C'orted after1" Europe* or from and after the twentieth day of February one certain peri-

thousand ods in lefa

io6

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii IIL c. 6. [1795.

I 2 4lb penalty of for-teiture, and 5°1»

packages than thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix* shall be imported or brought from any part of. Afta, Africa, or America, into Great ' Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, in any (hip or veffel, otherwise than in "cafk, cheft, cafe, bag, or other package, each cafk, cheft, cafe, bag, or other package whereof* shall contain two hundred and twenty-four pounds neat of hair powder at the leaft, to be flowed openly id the hold of such ship or vessel importing the fame, on pain to forfeit all the hair powder fo imported or brought contrary to this a£t, together with the calk, cheft, cafe, bag, or other package containing the fame* which shall and may be seized by any officer of the customs or excise ; and the mafter, mate, or other perfon, taking the Charge or command of such ship or veffel, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,, That in every entry or report of any starch or hair powder imported or brought into this kingdom to be made, by the master or purser of any (hip or veffel, in pursuance of an a£!, made in the thir-

In entries of starch or hair powder imported, the number of

packages, &c. teenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Se-on benHlt™of* c°nc^ intituled, An aff for preventing frauds, and regulating abitfes* forrtiturei *n s Mojefly^s cufoms, the number of cafks, chefts, cafes, bags* or other packages, with the particular numbers and marks of each of them, on board of each respective ship or veffel, shall be in-ferted, on pain, for every neglect or refusal thereof* to forfeit such starch or hair powder refpedlively, with the cafk, cheft, cafe* bag, or other package wherein the fame shall be contained, which shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise ; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithftanding.

XL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Starch or hair That whenever any starch or hair powder respectively imported powder im- or brought into this kingdom, fhall, in order to afeertain the weighed To be duties payable thereon, have been weighed by the proper officer depofited, &c. or officers’of the cuftoms, the proper officer or officers of the as the officers customs shall secure the fame, until the delivery thereof into the of excise shall charge and custody of the proper officer or officers of excise ; and lr" *  upon the delivery thereof into the custody of the proper officer

or officers of excife, the importer or importers* proprietor of proprietors, or consignee or consignees thereof, fhall* at his, her, and their own proper costs and charges, remove all such starch and hair powder refpecHvely to, and deposit the fame ip, such convenient houfe, warehoule, or place, as the proper officer or officers of excise shall diredi, and thereupon such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors* or consignee or confignees, fhall, on being required by the proper officer or officers of excise fo to do, immediately wrap all such starch and hair powder refpec-tively, in papers of the colours* or one of them, nerein-after mentioned, and no other, each such paper containing not less than four pounds weight, nor more than seven pounds weight of ftarch, nor less than one pound weight, nor more than seven pounds weight of hair powder ; and also tie up every such wrapper with firings* crofting each other on that fide of the wrapper where the ends of

  '

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Ge'orgii III. c. 6. c  557

the paper containing such starch or hair powder respectively shall he folded, and also strongly affix, or paste with warm paste made with glue, on the outside of every such wrapper, after the fame (hall be fo tied, a label of very thin paper, three inches long, and three inches broad, at the lead, and of a different colour ‘ from the paper in which the starch or hair powder respectively shall be wrapped ; th^t is to fay, if such starch or hair powder (hall be wrapped in blue or brown paper, the said label (hall be white; and if such starch or hair powder (hall be wrapped in white paper, such label shall be blue ; and (hall also affix and paste every such label on the foldings of both ends of the paper inclosing such quantity of starch or hair powder refpedtively, and in such a manner as to prevent the opening of the said paper containing such starch or hair powder refpedtively, without tearing such label ; and the proper officer or officers of excise shall attend to fee such Officer of ex-ftarch and hair powder respectively papered and tied in manner ^nd ^auf^la* aforesaid, and such label affixed and pasted on every such paper ^ejs to De containing such starch or hair powder respectively ; and such (lamped, officer or officers shall cause every such label affixed and pasted on every such paper containing starch or hair powder refpedtively, to be stamped or sealed with such stamp or feal as shall be provided by the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively for that purpose ; and if any such importer or importers. Penalty of proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or confignees, of starch  ^

or hair powder imported or brought into this kingdom, shall neglecting to neglect or refuse fo to remove any such starch or hair powder, or depofit, See. to deposit the fame as aforesaid, or to wrap any such starch or starch or hair hair powder in paper as aforesaid, or to tie up any such paper as pow ex* aforesaid, or to affix or paste any such label as aforesaid, all and every such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or confignees, fo offending, dial], for every such offence, forfeitthe sum of one hundred pounds.

XII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That the commissioners of excife, or the major part'of them, in Commiflion-Eng land and Scotland refpedtively, shall provide proper stamps or tvs oi excise to seals for the damping or sealing the labels affixed or pasted on diftribute0 paper containing all starch and hair powder refpedtively, which ftamps. shall be imported or brought into this kingdom, and papered in pursuance of this adt, and shall cause such stamps or seals to be . distributed to the proper officers of excife, for the purpose before' mentioned, which officers are hereby enjoined and required in Officers to da using the fame to do no hurt or damage, or the least hurt or ""  °

damage that may be, to the starch or hair powder refpedtively, or to the paper wherein the fame shall be fo wrapped ; which stamps or seals shall and may be varied, altered, or renewed, from time to time, as the said commissioners of excise refpedtively, or the major part of them refpedtively, shall think nt.

XIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if anyperfon or persons shall at any time forge or counter- Perfqns coun.^ felt any stamp or feal, to refembleany stamp or feal, which shall be provided in pursuance of this adt} for (tamping or sealing starch fufpcr death *

or

no hurt in tiling them.



55*

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6.  [1795^

or hair powder imported; or (hall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the fame upon any paper containing any (larch or hair powder, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors* of any of the duties upon (larch or hair powder, then every per-fon fo offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, (hall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cafes of

ftainps, &c. fame to be forged and counterfeited, and with an intent to de-to forfeit *ooh fraud his Majeffy, his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the duties

upon (larch or hair powder, or (hall knowingly, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the duties upon (larch or hair powder, fix, or cause to be fixed, the label of any paper (lamped or lealed according to the directions of this a£l, to any (larch or hair powder, other than that which was inclosed in such paper at the time when the label thereof was (lamped or sealed by the proper officer or officers of excife, according to the directions of this acl, every person fo offending fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XIV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Imported That if any (larch imported or brought into this kingdom (hall starch found be found in any place belonging to any (larch maker or dealer n^To a in ftarc^> or to any ha‘r Powder maker or dealer in hair powder, it arch or hair or *n *he custody or possession of any person or persons to or for powder ma- the use or benefit of any such maker or makers, or dealer or ker, &c. not dealers in such (larch or hair powder, not being wrapped in paper as a^ore^a^? or wrapped in paper which (hall be found not (lamped may be fcized, or labelled as aforesaid, all such (larch (hall be forfeited, together and the party with all and Angular the cafks, chefts, cafes, bags, or other pack-toforfeit aool. ages, containing the fame, and such (larch, cafks, chefts,cafes, bags.

and other packages refpedtively, (hall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excife, and the (larch maker or dealer in (larch, or hair powder maker or dealer in hair pow«. der, to whom such place shall belong, and also such other person or persons as aforesaid, in whose possession such (larch (hall be

A(51 not to found, (hall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds* provided extend to such always neverthelefs, that nothing in this act contained (hall ex-mad^intolfaiv t or deemed or construed to extend, to forfeit any such powder, Sec, (larch which (hall have been imported into this kingdom, nor

any such cafk, cheft, cafe, bag, or other package, containing the fame, for or by reason of such (larch being found not wrapped in paper damped or labelled as lad aforesaid, such (larch being made into hair powder,or being taken out of the papers in the possession of any hair powder maker or blue maker for the purpoje of immediately manufacturing the fame into hair powder or into blue, or any quantity of (larch not exceeding twenty-eight pounds weight,in the possession of any dealer in or feller of (larch, and taken out of the. papers for immediate or current fale; any thing herein - before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithr

(landing.

XV. And



1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6.  ^^9

XV.  And whereas it may happen that the paper wherein any jiarch or hair powder imported /hall he contained., after the fame has been jlamped as aforefaid\ may, by accident, he broken or damaged, be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That when If the paper the paper wherein any such starch or hair powder shall be con-  ported S

tained {hall, by any accident be broken or damaged, and the starch or hair starch maker or dealer in ftarch, or hair powder maker or dealer powderfliould in hair powder, to whom the fame belongs, (hall be desirous of he damaged, having the fame re-papered and re-ftamped, such maker or dealer  ^

fhall give to the proper officer or officers of excife, within whose be re-papered, survey he or (he shall be, twenty-four hours notice in writing, Sec. under that such maker or dealer desires to have such starch or hair certain condi-powder re-papered and re-ftamped, and thereupon, and upontl0ns* the production of such broken paper, with the label and ftamp, or feal thereof, to such officer or officers, and leaving the fame with him or them, it (hall be lawful for such officer or officers, being satisfied that such starch or hair powder had before been duly stamped or sealed as aforesaid, and that the paper or papers containing the fame had been broken or damaged by accident, as soon as is convenient after the expiration of such twenty-four hours, to re-ftamp or re-feal such starch or hair powder, the fame being re-papered and tied, and such label as aforesaid being affixed thereon in manner herejn-before direfted.

XVL And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That when any hair powder, exceeding the quantity of twenty- No hair pow-cight pounds weight, shall be removed or carried by land or by der exceeding water, the word u Hair-Powder’’ {hall be painted or marked, in nfoved^inlefs* legible letters of at least three inches in length, on every cafk, marked cheft, cafe, bag, or other package wherein such hair powder “ Hair povv-fhall be contained; and any hair powder, exceeding the quantity der,” on pe~ of twenty-eight pounds weight, which shall be found remov-ing or carrying, or moved or carried, by land or by water, in any cafk, cheft, cafe, bag, or other package, not having the word u Hair-Powder” fo painted or marked thereon, shall be forfeited, together with the cafk, cheft, cafe, bag, or other package containing the fame, and the boat or veflel, horses or other cattle, waggon, cart, or other carriage, made use of in removing or carrying the fame; and the fame shall and may be feixed by any officer or officers of the customs or excife.

XVII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any dealer or'dealers in, or feller or fellers of, hair pow- Dealers lit der, (hall, at any time, knowingly receive into his, her, or their receivhT^^ custody or poffeffipn, any quantity of hair powder exceeding more twenty-eight pounds weight, not having the word Hair-Pow- a81b. unmark-der” fo as aforesaid painted or marked on the cafk, cheft, cafe, to forfeit bag, or other package containing the fame, the person orperfons ao° ’ fo offending shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XVIII- And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person orperfons {hall obstruct or hinder any officer Penalty of or officers of the customs or excise in the execution of any of the powers and authorities to him or them given by this aft, the per- j. ,ers^ 45 Ton or persons offending therein fhall, for every such offence.

 (Soogle

Recovery and Application of penalties sued tor by the c adorns.

Recovery and application of penalties sued for by the excife,

Limitation of actions* m England.

general iffye.

Treble cpfts.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III, c. 6. [1795,

(for which no other penalty is by this a£l impofed), forfeit and lose (lie sum of two hundred pounds.

XIX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, created ob imposed by this a<51, and which {hall be sued for or prosecuted under or by virtue of the order or permission of the commissioners of the cuf-toms in England and Scotland refpedtively, or by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, {hall and may be sued for, profecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such manner, and by luch ways, means, and methods, as any fines or penalties incurred, or any goods forfeited, for any offence against the laws of cuftoms, may now legally be sued for, profecuted, recovered, and disposed of-} and the officer or officers of the ciiftoms concerned in any such seizure or prosecution {hall be inti tied to and receive such iliare of the produce arising from the seizures as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importa-r tions, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary penalty or composition paid for any offence against this a6t, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XX.  And be it further ena£led by the authority aforefaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this a<ft, and which {hall be prosecuted or sued for by order of the commif-fibners of excise in England or Scotland refpeftively, or by any officer or officers of excife, {hall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by aeftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJlminjler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, refpedfively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, {hall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who {hall inform, dif-cover, or sue for the fame.

XXI.  And belt further enatfed by the authority aforefaid. That if any action or fuit {hall be commenced against any per-fon or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this a<3, such action or fuit {hall be commenced within the space of one calendar month next after the offence {hall be committed 5 and if such atftion or fuit {hall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defendants in any such adfion or fuit may plead the general ifTue, and give this a£fc anti the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this a$ ; and if it {hall appear lb to have been done, the jury {hall find for the defendant or defendants ; and if the plaintiff {hall be nonfuited, or di{continue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement {hall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as apy defendant

1795-1 Anno regni triceilmo sexto Georgii III. c. 7.  561

dant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law ; and if In actions in such acftion or fuit be commenced or prosecuted in that part of ^fender’ma6 Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom such acftion plead this^<5^ or fuit shall be brought /hall allow the defender to plead this a<51 See. in his defence, and the pursuer (hall not insist on his action; or if judgement shall be given against such purfuer, the defender shall and may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by any such action or fuit.

XXII.  Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in cafe his Majesty, at any time or times after Majesty the palhng of this ad, fhall, in his royal difcretion, judge it to be thc^makingof most for the benefit and advantage of this kingdom to permit the starch from making of starch from wheat, barley, rice, grain, potatoes, flour, wheat, &c. meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by his royal proclamation or proclamations, to be iftued by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majesty’s order in council, to he published in the London Gazette, from time to time to permit and suffer all and every person and perfons, natives and foreigners, (but not any particular person or perfons,) at any time or times after the palling of this ad, to make starch from wheat, barley, rice, potatoes, flour, meal, or any other article or thing used for the food of man; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That this ad shall commence and takeeffedas to all such matters Commence' and things therein contained, in respect whereof no special com,- tfrfuance of mencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the palling of this ad, and shall be and remain in force until and upon the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.

C A P. VII.

An aft for the safety and prefewation of his Majejly's person and government againjl treasonable and seditious praftijes and attempts —[Dec. 18, 1795.]  >tl  c./2-

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the lords Preamble.

fpiritual and temporal, and commons of Great Britain, in this present parliament affembled, duly considering the daring outrages offered to your Majesty’s most sacred perfon, in your passage to and from your parliament at the opening of this present feflion, and also the continued attempts of wicked and evil dif-pofed persons to disturb the tranquillity of this your Majesty’s kingdom, particularly by the multitude of seditious pamphlets and speeches daily printed, publifhed, and difperfed, with unremitting induftry, and with a tranfeendent boldnefs, in contempt of your Majesty’s royal person and dignity, and tending to the overthrow of the laws, government, and happy constitution of these realms, have judged, that it is become necessary to provide a further remedy against all such treasonable and seditious prac-Vol. XL.  Oo  tices

562  Anno  regni  tricesimo  sexto Georgii III. c. 7. C1795*

tices and attempts: We* therefore, calling to mind the good and wholesome provisions which have at different times been made by the wisdom of parliament for the averting such dangers, and more especially for the security and preservation of the persons of the sovereigns of these realms, do moll humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enabled by the King’s raoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Perfons who affembled, and by the authority of the lame. That if any person fhalWrompafs, or persons whatfoever, after the day of the palling of this a£f, during the natural life of our moll gracious sovereign lord the King, (whom Almighty God preserve and bless with a long and prosperous reign,) and until the end of the next section of parliament after a demise of the crown, (hall within the realm or without, compafs, imagine, invent, devife, or intend death or or to levy\var deftrudftion, or any bodily harm tending to death or deftruclion, to compel a maim, or wounding, imprisonment or reftraint, of the person of

devife, &c. the death, reftraint, &c of his Majesty or his heirs, or to drpofe them.

change of rneafures, &c, to be deemed traitors.

the fame our sovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucceffors, or to deprive or depose him or them from the ftile, honour, or kingly name, of the imperial crown of this realm, or of any other of his Majesty’s dominions or countries; or to levy war against his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, within this realm, in order, by force or conftraint, to compel him or them to change his or their rneafures or counfels, or in order to put any force or constraint upon, or to intimidate, or overawe, both houfes, or either house of parliament; or to move or dir any foreigner or stranger with force to invade this realm, or any other his Majesty’s dominions or countries, under the obeisance of his Majesty, his heirs and successors ; and such compaffings, imaginations, inventions, devices, or intentions, or any of them, {hall exprefs, utter, or declare, by publishing any printing or writing, or by any overt a£t or deed ; being legally convicted thereof, upon the oaths of two lawful and credible witneffes, upon trial, or other-wife convi<fted or attainted by due course of law, then every such person and perfons, fo as aforesaid offending, shall be deemed, declared, and adjudged, to be a traitor and traitors, and shall suffer pains of death, and also lose and forfeit as in cafes of high treafon. Perrons In II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That W^° ^ any Per^on °r persons within that part of Great Britain called ing, See kint~ England> at any time from and after the day of the palling of . cite to hatred, this a£t, during three years from the day of palling this a£f, and or contempt until the end of the then next session of parliament, shall malici-of his Ma- oufly and advifedly, by writing, printing, preaching, or other government, fp^king, exprefs, publilh, utter, or declare, any words or len-&c. shall be' tences to excite or stir up the people to hatred or contempt of the guilty of high person of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, or the government mifdemtan- anj COnflitution of this realm, as by law eftablifhed, then every ^VnToffence fuc^ Perf°n ar)d Per^ons9 being thereof legally convidied, shall be may be pu- liable to such punishment as may by Jaw be inflicted in cafes of nilhed as for a high mildemeanors; and if any person or persons fhall, after

high mifde- bein^ fo convicted, offend a second time, and be thereupon mean or, or  ‘  coa.



1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c 7.  563

convidted, before any commission of oyer and terminer, or gaol banished or delivery, or in his Majesty’s court of king’s bench, such person transported or persons may, on such second convidlion, be adjudged, at the r 7 ycars’ discretion of the court, either tofuffer such punishment as may now by law be inflicted in cafes of high mifdemeanors, or to be banished this realm, or to be transported to such place, as shall be appointed by his Majesty for the transportation of offenders; which banishment or transportation shall be for such term as the court may appoint, not exceeding seven years.

III.  And be it further enadfed, That if any offender or offen- Perfons ba-ders, who shall be fo ordered by any such court as aforesaid to be nifhed or banished the realm, or transported beyond the feas, in manner fQ^^a^lar e aforesaid, shall be afterwards at large within any part of the king- wjthin Great dom of Great Britain, without some lawful caufe, before the ex- Britain before piration of the term for which such offender or offenders fhajl the expira-have been ordered to be banifhed, or transported beyond the feas

as aforesaid, every such offender being fo at large as aforesaid, fer death, being thereof lawfully convidfed, shall suffer death, as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy; and such offender or offenders Where such may be tried, either before justices of aflize, oyer and terminer, ^e^ried^1^ great feffions, or gaol delivery, for the county, city, liberty, borough, or place, where such offender or offenders shall be apprehended and taken, or from whence he, (he, or they, was or were ordered to be banished or transported ; and the clerk of Certificate of affize, clerk of the peace, or other clerk or officer of the court, ^Tob'e suffi having the custody of the records where such orders of banifh- cient proof. ment or transportation shall be made, fhall, at the request of the profecutor, or any other person on his Majesty’s behalf, make out and give a certificate, in writing, signed by him, containing the effect and substance only (omitting the formal part) of every indictment and' conviction of such offender or offenders, and of the order for his, her, or their banishment or tranfportation, to the justices of affize, oyer and terminer, great feffions, or gaol delivery, where such offender or offenders shall be indiCted (not taking for the fame more than two shillings and fixpence;) which certificate shall be sufficient proof of the conviction and order tor banishment or transportation of such offender or offenders.

IV.  Provided always, That no person or perfons, by virtue of limitation of this present aCt, shall for any misdemeanor incur any the penal- mifdemean-ties herein-before mentioned, unless he, fhe, or they, be prosecuted ors. an(i within fix calendar months next after the offence committed, and

the prosecution brought to trial or judgement within tire fir ft term, fittings, affizes, or feffions, in which, by the course of the court wherein such prosecution shall be depending, the prosecutor could bring on such trial, or cause such judgement to be entered, or in the term, fittings, affizes, or feffion, which shall next enfue, unless the court in which such prosecution shall be depending, or before which such trial ought to be had, fhall, on special ground stated by motion in open court, think fit to enlarge the time for the trial thereof, or unless the defendant

002  fhall

564  Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III* c. 8. [1795*

no persons to shall be prosecuted to or towards an outlawry; and that no per-thereof^but^b **on ^a^’ uPon trial, be convicted by virtue of this aft, for any the1 oathUof ^ niifdemeanor, but by the oaths of two credible witnefTes. two witnefTes. V. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all and Perfons accuf- every person or persons that shall at any time be accufed, or in-edoftreafon, difted, or profecuted, for any'offence made or declared to be ^ benefit ofCCl t^ea^on by this sft, (hall be entitled to the benefit of the aft of 7 Gul v c. 3. Parhament> made in the seventh year of his late majesty King and 7 Annae, IVtlliam the Third, intituled, An aft for regulating of trials in cafes c. 11.  of treason and mifprifeon of treajon ; and also to the provisions made

by another aft of parliament, passed in the seventh year of her hte Majesty Queen Antie^ intituled. An aft for improving the union of the two kingdoms.

Aft rotto  VI.  Provided  alfo,  and  be it enafted, That nothing in this aft

cutionatcora* conta*necl (ball extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or mon law. * afteft any prosecution by information or indictment at the common law, for any offence within the provisions of this aft, unless the party lhall have been first prosecuted under this aft.

CAP. VIII.

An aft for the more effectually preventing seditious meetings and a fern* bites.—[Dec. ]8, 1795.]

Preamble. “TT THERE AS assemblies of divers perfons, colleftedfor the pur-V V pose or under the pretext of deliberating on publick grievances, and of agreeing on petitions, complaints, remonjlrances, declarations, or other acldreffes, to the King, or to both houfes, or either house of par-liatnent^ have of late been made use of to serve the ends of factious and seditious perfons, to the great danger of the publick peace, and may become the means of producing confujion and calamities in the nation : be it enacted by the King's moil: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament alTembled, and by the au-Nomeetingof thority of the fame, That no meeting, of any description of per-more than 50 fons^ exceeding the number of fifty perfons, (other than and cept°county except any meeting of any county, riding, or divifion, called by meetings,&c.) the lord lieutenant, custos rotulorum, or fheriff, of such county ; to be holden or a meeting called by the convener of any county or ftewartry in for 01 on pre- that part 0f Great Britain called Scotland; or any meeting called ing petitions*^ by two or more justices of the peace of the county or place where such meeting (hall be holden ; or any meeting of any county, having different ridings or divifions, called by any two justices of any one or more of such ridings or divisions ; or any meeting called by the major part of the grand jury of the county, or of the division of the county, where such meeting shall be holden, at their general affizcs or general quarter sessions of the peace; or any meeting of any city, or borough, or town corporate, called by the in Tome newf- mayor or other head officer of such city, or borough, or town paper, See. corporate ; or any meeting of any ward or division of any city or town corporate, called by the alderman or other head officer of

fuch

for alteration of matters established in church or Rate, unless previous notice be given by seven houfeholders

r 795.3 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8.  565

fuch ward or division ; or any meeting of any corporate body), fhalJ be holden, for the purpose Or on the pretext of considering of or preparing ariy petition, complaint, remonftrance, or declaration, or other address to the King, or to both houfes, or either house of parliament, for alteration of matters established in church or {fate, or for the purpose or on the pretext of deliberating upon any grievance in church or Hate, unless notice of the intention to hold such meeting, and of the time and place when and where the lame (hall be proposed to be holden, and of the purpose for which the fame (hall be proposed to be holden, shall be given, in the names of seven persons at the leaf:, being houfeholders.refident within the county, city, or place where such meeting shall be proposed to be holden, whole places of abode and defections (hall be inserted in such notice, and which notice shall be given by publick advertisement in some publick newspaper usually circulated in the county and division where such meeting (hall be holden five days at lead before such meeting shall be holden, or shall be delivered in manner hereiri-after mentioned ; and that j^nTmed ° such notice shall not be inserted in any such newspaper unless the unless the au-authority to insert such notice shall be signed by seven persons at thority to do the lead, being householders resident within the county, city or ^ttaToot ^ place where such meeting shall be proposed to be holden, and thereof, named in such notice, and unless such authority, fo figned, shall be written at the foot of a true copy of such notice, and shall be delivered to the person required to insert the fame in any such newspaper as aforesaid ; which person shall cause such notice and ^°thority to authority to be carefully preferved, and shall alfo, at any time be preferred, after such notice shall have been inserted in such paper, and within and produced fourteen days after the day on which such meeting shall be had, to a justice if produce such notice and authority, and cause a true copy thereof reclutre •

(if required) to be delivered to any justice of the peace for the

county, city, town, or place, where such person shall refide, or

where such newspaper shall be printed, and who shall require the

fame -y and in cafe any person shall insert any such notice in any

newfpaper, without such authority as aforesaid, or in Cafe any noticewithout

perfon to whom any such notice and authority shall have been such a utho-

delivered for the purpose of inserting such notice in any such rity, See,

newfpaper as aforesaid, {hall refuse to produce such notice and

authority, or to deliver a true copy thereof, being thereunto reT

quired as aforesaid, within three days after such production and

copy, or either of.them, shall have been fo required, every such

perfoiij for every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds

to any person who shall sue for the fame.  ^  '

II.  Provided always, neverthelefs, and be it further enaCled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to deliver any such notice as aforesaid, signed by the seven persons in whose names such ciefkol? the C notice shall be given, with their places of abode, and descriptions, peace, who five days at the lead before the’ day on which such meeting shall shall forthwith be holden, to the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or divi-fion, within which such meeting shall be propoled to be holden ;  'C^  *

and such clerk of the peace (hall forthwith^ and without delay,

p p 3  fend

Meetings without notice to be deemed unlawful affem-blies.

If i a or more

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8. [1795.

fend a true copy of such notice, with such signatures and additions as aforesaid, to three justices of the peace at leaft, of such county, riding, or divifion, then resident within such county, riding, or divifion; or in cafe the justices of the peace of the city, borough, or town, where such meeting shall be proposed to be holden, shall have exclusive jurifdidtion, then to three of such juftices, if fo many (hall then be resident within such jurifdi&ion, and if not, then to fo many of such justices as shall be resident such notice to within such exclusive jurifdiflion; and in such cafe, such notice be effe&ual. gjven by such means as aforesaid, shall be as effe&ual, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had been given by publick advertifement, inserted in any such newspaper as aforefaid.

III.  And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid, That all meetings, of any description of perfons, exceeding the number of fifty persons (other than and except as aforefaid), which shall be holden without such previous notice as aforesaid, for the purpose or on the pretext of considering of or preparing any petition, complaint, remonftrance, declaration, or other addrefs, to the King, or both houfes, or either house of parliament, for alteration of matters established in church or ftate, or for the purpose or on the pretext of deliberating on any grievance in church or ftate, shall be deemed and taken to be unlawful aflemblies.

IV.  And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That ble^con^rar1* ^ any perfons, exceeding the number of fifty, being allembled to this ad V contrary to the proviftons herein-before contained, and being shall continue required or commanded by any one or more justice or justices of together one the peace,, or by the fherifFof the county or his under fheriff, or

by the mayor or other head officer or justice of the peace of any city or town corporate, where such afiembly (hall be, by proclamation to be made in the King’s name, in the form herein-after directed, to disperse themfelves, and peaceably to depart to their habitations, or to their lawful bufmefs, fhall, to the number of twelve or more, notwithstanding such proclamation made, remain or continue together by the space of one hour after such command or request made by proclamation, that then such continuing together to the number of twelve or more, after such command or request made by proclamation, shall be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein shall be. adjudged felons, and shall suffer death, as in cafe of felony without benefit of clergy.

V.  . And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the order and form of the proclamation to be made as aforesaid shall be as hereafter followeth • (that is to fay), the justice of the peace, or other person authorised by this to make the said proclamation, (hall, among the said persons affembled, or as near to them as he can safely come, with a loud voice command, or cause to be commanded, silence to be while proclamation is making, and after that shall openly and with loud voice make, or cause to be made, proclamation in these words, or like in effect:

‘ OUR

hour after being required by a juftice, &c. to difperfe, they shall suffer death.

Proclamation to be made in the following form.



1795-1 A"nno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8.  567

UR sovereign lord the King chargeth and commandeth all

V^/perfons being assembled immediately to disperse themfelves, and peaceably to depart to their habitations or to their lawful bufinefs, upon the pains contained in the add, made in the thirty— sixth year of King George the Third, for the more effectually preventing seditious meetings and ajjemblies.

GOD save the KING/

VI.  And' be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe any meeting shall be holden, in pursuance of any If in meetings such notice as aforesaid, and the purpose for which the fame shall in such notice have been declared to be holden, or any matter any matter * which shall be in such notice proposed to be propounded or de- shall be pro-liberated upon at such meeting, shall purport that any matter or pounded or thing by law established may be altered otherwise than by the deliberated authority of the King, lords, and commons, in parliament affem- porting^bat bled, or shall tend to incite or stir up the people to hatred or con- any thing by tempt of the person of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefTors, or of law established the government and constitution of this realm, as by Jaw efta- maybealtered blifhed, it shall be lawful for one or more justice or juftices, or thority of ^ the fherifF of the county where such meeting shall be, or for the King, lords, mayor or other head officer, or any justice of the peace of any and commons, city or-’town corporate, where any such meeting shall be, by pro- ^ate ma^or clamation, to require or command the persons there assembled to Jer them^to ” disperse themselves ; and if any perfons, to the number of twelve difperfe; and or more, being fo required or commanded, by proclamation to ifi2ormore be made in the King’s name, in the form herein-before directed, to disperse themfelves, and peaceably to depart to their habita- getheran hour tionsj or to their lawful bufinefs, fhall, to the number of twelve thereafter, or more, notwithstanding such proclamation .made, remain or they shall fuf-continue together by the space of one hour after such command ferdeath, or request made by proclamation, that then such continuing together to the number of twelve or more, after such command or request made by proclamation, shall be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons,*and shall suffer death, as in, cafe of felony without benefit of clergy. '

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Jufticesat if any one or more justice or justices of the peace, present at any meetings on meeting requiring such notice as aforesaid, shall think fit to order  perlbns

any person or persons who shall at such meeting proceed to pro- propounding pound or maintain any proposition for altering any thing by law ormaintaining eftablifhed, otherwise than by the authority $f the King, lords, P^°P^”.^ns and commons, in parliament affembled, or shall wilfully and anything by advisedly make any propofition, or hold any difcourfe, for the laweftablifhed purpose of inciting and stirring up the people to hatred or con- except by au-tempt of the person of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefTors, or the ]^ntyj0^sthe government and constitution of this realm, as by law eftablifhed, andfommons, to be taken into cuftody, to be dealt with according to law; and &c. to be tain cafe the said justice or juftices, or any of them, or any peace ken into cuf-

pfticer aSing under theff or any of their orders^ fh^ll be obstructed ^ rcfii-Q v 1  004  in  ca e o rc

t17 9 5 *

£68  Anno  regni  fricefimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8.

lance may in taking into cuftody, any person or persons fo ordered to be

madonto^be ta^en ^nt0 cuft°dv, then and in luch cafe it shall be lawful for any

madeasafore- justice or justices thereupon to make, or cause to be ipade,

faid ; and if ia such proclamation as aforesaid, in manner aforefaid; and if

or more (hall any persons to the number of twelve or more, being required or continue to- J  -  -  -------

continue to- commanded by such proclamation to disperse themfelves, and gether an hour  - j  ^

thereafter, they hi all suffer death.

Magiftrates may resort to

peaceably to depart as aforesaid, fhall, to the number of twelve or more, notwithstanding such proclamation made, remain or continue together by the space of one hour after fqch command or request make by proclamation, that then such continuing together to the number of twelve or more, after such command or request made by proclamation, shall b'e adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall suffer death, as in cafe of felony without benefit of clergy.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That every justice and justices of the peace, fheriff, under fhe-riff, mayor, and other head officer aforesaid, is and are hereby

a<5c7 and may require the assistance of jieace officers

aflembhes and authorised and empowered, oil notice or knowledge of any such n”A meetjng or assembly as is herein-before mentioned, to resort to the place where such meeting or assembly shall be, or shall be intended to be holden, or to any part thereof, and there to do, or order or cause to be done, all such adts, matters, and things, as the cafe may require, which they are hereby enabled to do, or order to be done, or which they are otherwise by law enabled to do, or ordered to be done ; and it ftiali be lawful for all and every justices of the peace, fheriff, under fheriff, mayor, and other head officer as aforesaid, to take and require the assistance of any number of constables or other officers of the peace, within their respective diftri£te,A or within the district or place wherein every such meeting as herein-before mentioned shall be holden ; which constables and other officers of the peace are hereby required to attend accordingly such juftices, fheriff, under fheriff, mayor, or other head officer refpeclively, and to give such assistance as shall be necessary for the due execution of this acft.

J IX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That withi nan hour ^ such persons fo afTembled as aforesaid, or twelve or more of after procla- them, after any proclamation made in manner aforesaid, shall continue together, and not disperse themselves within one hour, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for every justice of the peace, fheriff, or under sheriff of the county where such assembly shall be, and also to and for' every high or petty conftable, and other peace officer Within such county, and also to and for every mayor, justice of the peace, fheriff, and other head officer, high or petty conftable, and other peace officer, of any city or town corporate where such assembly shall be, and to and for such other person and persons as shall be commanded to be assisting unto any such justice of the peace, fheriff, or under fheriff, mayor, or other head officer aforesaid, who are hereby authorised and empowered to command all his Majesty’s fubjedls, of age and ability, to be assisting to them therein, to seize and apprehend, and they are

•  ’  hereby

Perfons not

mation may be appre bended;



1795-] Annoregni trlcefimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8.  569

hereby required to seize and apprehend, such persons fo affembled, and continuing together after proclamation made as aforesaid, and forthwith to carry the persons fo apprehended before one or more of his Majefly’s justices of the peace of the county or place where such persons shall be fo apprehended, in order to their being proceeded against for such offences according to law; and and if killed that if the persons fo affembled, or any of them, shall happen to ^(buof^heir be killed, maimed, or hurt in the difperfing, feizing, or appre- refiftance, the bending, or endeavouring to difperfe, feize, or apprehend them, magiftrate, by reason of their refilling the persons fo difperfing, feizing, or &c* indemni-apprehending, or endeavouring to difperfe, feize, or apprehend them, that then every such justice of the peace, fheriff, under fheriff, mayor, head officer, high or petty conflable, or other peace officer, and all and Angular perfons, being aiding and affift-ing to thpm pr any of them, (hall be free, difcharged, and indemnified, as well againftthe King's majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, as againff all and every other person and perfons, of, for, or concerning the killing,- maiming, or hurting, of any such person or perfons, fo affembled, that shall happen to be fo killed, maimed, or hurt as aforesaid,

X.  Provided always, and be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons do or fhall, with Perjbns force and arms, wilfully and knowingly oppofe, obflru£t, or in gjftratef at-* any manner wilfully and knowingly let, hinder, or hurt, any juf- tending, or tice of the peace, or other person authorised as aforesaid, who going to at-fhall attend any such meeting as aforesaid, or who shall be going tend meetings, to attend any such meeting, or any person or persons who shall per°onsrproTS begin to proclaim, or go to proclaim, according to any procla- claiming, to motion hereby directed to be made, whereby such proclamation suffer death. fha.ll not be^made, that then every such oppofing, obftru<5ting, letting, hindering, or hurting, any such justice or other perfpns fo authorised as aforesaid, and fo attending, or going to attend any such meeting, or any such person or persons fo beginning or going to make any such proclamation as aforesaid, shall be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall suffer death as in cafe of felony without benefit of clergy; and that also every such person or per- Perfons aflfem-fons fo being assembled as aforesaid, to the number of fifty or to wl?on^ more as aforesaid, to whom any such proclamation as aforesaid to haver should or ought to have been made, if the fame had not been been made, if hindered as aforesaid, shall likewife, in cafe they or any of them, the fame had to the number of twelve or more, shall continue together, and n°tbeen not disperse themselves within one hour after such let or hindrance nid^to^e.^* fo made, having knowledge of such let or hindrance fo made, ther to the shall be adjudged felons, and shall suffer death as in cafe of felony number of 1* without benefit of clergy ; and tfiat alfo, if any person or perfons* or ™Gre> fo being at any such assembly as aforesaid, shall with force and fach°hin- ^ arms wilfully and knowingly oppofe, obftrudt, or in any manner drance, to wilfully and knowingly let, hinder, or hurt, any justice of the suffer death, peace, or other magiftrate, or any peace officer, in apprehending Perfonsatfuch or taking into cuftody, in execution of any of the provisions of aflfemblies op-

'  "  this  Pf"S ^

taking ot-

57°

fenders into custody to fufFtr death.

Sheriffs depute, &c. in Scotland, to

power as juf-tices in England.

Perfons convicted of felonies in Scotland, to incur the pain of death and confiscation of moveables.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8.

[1795*

this a£t herein-before contained, any person or perfons, or endeavouring fo to do, that then every such oppofing, obftrudfing. Jetting, hindering, or hurting, shall be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein (hail be adjudged felons, and shall suffer death as in cafe of felony without benefit of clergy.

XI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the sheriffs depute and their fubftitutes, stewards depute and their have the fame ^u^*ltutes» justices of the peace, magistrates of royal boroughs, and all other inferior judges and magiflrates, and also all high and petty ccnflables or other peace officers, of any county, flewartry, city, or town, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall have such and the fame powers and authorities, for putting this present a£t in execution within Scotland., as the justices of the peace and other magistrates aforesaid respectively have, by virtue of this a£t, within and for the other parts of this kingdom ) and that all and every person and persons who (hall at any time be convidtcd of any of the felonies afore-mentioned, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall for every such offence incur and lufFer the pain of death, and confiscation of moveables.

s>.  XII.  And whereas certain"hbufes^ rooms, or places, within the

cities of London andWeftminffer, and in the neighbourhood' thereof and in other places, have of late been'frequently vjed for the purpose of delivering lectures and difeourfes on and concerning supposed publick grievances, and matters relating to the laws, conjlitution, and government and policy of these kingdoms, and treating and debating on and concerning the fame ; and under pretence thereof leflures or difcowj'e s have beeH delivered, and debates held, tending to Jlir up hatred and contempt of his Majejlfs royal perfon, and of the government and con-fitution of this realm as by law eflablifhed: be it therefore enacted ^Ire^oi^de  authority  aforesaid,  That every houfe, room, field, or

batesconcern- other place where le<5lures or difeourfes shall be delivered, or ing supposed publick debates shall be had on or concerning any supposed pub-publick griev- lick grievance, or any matters relating to the laws, conflitution, ances, where government or policy of these kingdoms, for the purpose of raif-Sr acfmiH^on *ng or collecting money, or any other valuable thing, from the unless previ- persons admitted, whether such houfe, room, field, or place, shall oufly licenfed, be opened or used for any such purpose alone,' or for any such to be deemed purp0fe together with any other purpose, or under whatever pretence the fame (hall be opened or ufed, to which any person (hall be admitted by the payment of money, or by tickets fold for money, or in confluence of his paying or giving, or having paid or given, or agreeing thereafter to pay or give, in any manner, any money or ether thing for or in'refpeft of his ad-million into such houfe, room, field, or place, unless the opening or using of such houfe, room, field, or place, shall have been previoufiy licensed in manner hereiu-after mentioned, shall be deemed a disorderly house or place, and the person by whom such houfe, room, field, or place, shall be opened^ or used for the purpose aforesaid, (hall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for 6  every

diforderly places, and • the persons opening or using them, to forfeit iqqI. &c.

*795-] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8.  571

every day or time that such houfe, room, field, or place, shall be opened or used as aforesaid, to such person as will sue for the fame, and be otherwise punished as the law directs in cafes of disorderly houses ; and every person managing or conducting the And the per-proceedings, or a£ting as moderator, prefident, or chairman, at^sl^na^jnS such houfe, room, field, or place, or therein debating, or deliver- [nggfamfthe ing any discourse or lecture for the purpose aforesaid, and a 1 fo persons pay-every person who (hall pay, give, collect, or receive, or agree to ing or receiy-pay, give, collect, or receive, any money or other thing, for or in ^m^on^ *°r respect of the admission of any person into any such houfe, room, delivering* or field, or place, or (hall deliver out, diftribute, or receive, any receiving tick-fuch ticket or tickets as aforesaid, knowing such houfe, room, ets, to forfeit field, or place, to be opened or used for such purpose, (hall for lool‘ every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to such person as will sue for the fame.

XIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,,

That any person who (hall at any time hereafter appear, act, or Per*?ns

J r  j  •  i /  ; DCJirin? 3S

behave him or herself as master or miftrefs, or as the person hav- suiter &c. ing the command, government, or management, of any such of such places houfe, room, field, or place as aforesaid, (hall be deemed and liable to pro-taken to be a person by whom the fame is opened or used as fecutiou. aforesaid, and (hall be liable to be sued or profecuted, and punched as fuch, notwithstanding he or (he be nor, in fadt, the real owner or occupier thereof.

XIV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That it (hall be lawful for any justice or justices of the peace, or ^^^intbr chief magistrate refpeCtively, of any county, city, borough, or matron on place, who shall by information upon oath, have re.a fan to fu(pe<5l oath, have that any houfe, room, field, or place, or any parts or part thereof, feafonto fuf-are or is opened or used for the purpose of delivering lectures or difeourfes, or forpublick debate, contrary to the provisions of this ed for deliver-a(51, to go to such houfe, room, or place, and demand to be ad- ingle&ures, mitted therein ; and in cafe such justice or juftices, or other pia- &c- rriay de-'giftrate, shall be refused admittance to such houfe, room, field, or  and

place, or any part thereof, the fame (hall be deemed a disorderly jn cafe 0f re-' house or place, within the intent and meaning of thisadt; and all fufal, the place and every the provisions herein-before contained respecting any t(? be deemed houfe, room, field, or place, herein-before declared to be a dif- ^heerfon orderly houfe, or place, (hall be applied to such houfe, room, field, refu(ing ad-or place, where such admittance (hall have been refused as afore- mittance to faid, and every person refusing such admittance (hall forfeit the forfeit I0°h sum of one hundred pounds to any perfonwho (hall sue for the fame.

XV.  Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority Magiftrates aforesaid, 7 hat it shall be lawful for any justice or justices of the Omittance*^ peace, or chief magistrate refpe&ively, of any county, city, to^nyHcenfed borough, or place, where any such houfe, room, or other building, place7at the shall be licensed as aforesaid, to go to such houfe, room, or time of deli-building fo licenfed, at the time of delivering any such lecture or verin&fcc-difeourfe therein as aforesaid, or at the time appointed for deliver- refused j ng any such lecture or difcourfe, and demand to be admitted there- it shall be

in : and in cafe such justice or juftices, or other magiflrate, (hall be deemed dif-

refufed orderly,

and the person refuting admittance shall forfeit icol.

Juftices may licenle places for delivering lectures ; and may revoke them/

Recovery of forfeitures.

General ifiue.

Treble cofts,

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8.  [1795.

refufed admittance to such houfe, room, or building, the fame shall be deemed, notwithstanding any such licence as aforesaid, a disorderly house or place, within the meaning of this adt; and all and every the provisions herein-before contained, respecting any houfe, room, field, or place, herein-before declared to be a disorderly house or place, shall be applied to such houfe, room, or building, fo licensed as aforesaid, where such admittance shall have been refused as aforesaid ; and every person refusing such admittance shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to any person who will sue for the fame.

XVI.  Provided neverthelefs, and he it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for two or more justices of the peace of the county* city, town, or place, where any houfe, room, or other building shall be, which any person shall be de-firous to open for any of the purposes aforesaid, by writing under their hands and feals, at their general quarter feftionof the peace, or at any special session to be held for the particular purpose, to grant a licence to any person or persons desiring the fame, to open such houfe, room, or other building, for the purpose of delivering for money any such lectures or difeourfes as aforesaid, on any of the subjects aforesaid, the fame being clearly exprelfed in such licence, for which licence, a fee of one (hilling, and no more, shall be paid, and the fame shall be in force for the fpacC of one year, and no longer, or for any less space of time, therein to be specified ; and which licence it (hall be lawful for the justices of the fame county, city, town, or place, at any general quarter section of the peace, to revoke and declare void and no longer in force, by any order of such juftices, a copy whereof shall be delivered to or served upon the person to whom the said licence fo revoked shall have been granted, or shall be left at the houfe, room, or building, for which such licence shall have been granted, and thereupon such licence shall cease and deteririinej and be thenceforth utterly void and of no eftedt.

XVlL And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That any person entitled to any of the forfeitures aforesaid may sue by action of debt in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJlmirfler, or in the courts of justiciary or exchequer in Scotland, when the cause of action shall arise in Scotland\ in which action it shall be sufficient to declare that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in the sum of

(being the sum demanded by the said adtion) being forfeited by an act, made in the thirty-fi^th year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, An aft for the ?nore effectually preventing seditious meetings and ajfemblies \ and the plaintiff, if he shall recover in any such action, shall have his full costs : provided alfo, that if any action or fait shall be brought against any person for any thing done in pursuance and in execution of this adt, the defendant may plead the general iflue; and if a veydidt pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff difeontinue his or her adtion, or be nonfuited, or judgement be given against the plaintiff, then fqch defendant fhalL have treble cofts,

XVIII, Pro-

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 9.  57^

XVIII.  Provided alfo, That nothing in this/adf contained Adt not to ez*

fhall be construed to extend to any lectures or discourses to be ten<* livered in any of the universities of these kingdoms, by any mem-  *

ber thereof, or any person authorised by the chancellor, vice chancellor, or other proper officers of such universities refpedtively.

XIX.  Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That no payment nor to inftruc-made to any schoolmaster or other person by law allowed to teach tors of youth, and instruct youth, in refpedtof any lectures or discourses delivered

by such fchoolmafter, or other perfon, for the instruction only of such youth as shall be committed to his inftrudtion, shall be deemed a payment of money for admission to such lectures or discourses within the intent and meaning of this adt.

XX.  Provided alfo, That nothing in this adt contained shall Adt not to be deemed to take away or abridge any provision already made fjfwfor thl by the law of this realm, or of any part thereof, for the suppression fupprefiion or pr puniflhment of any offence whatsoever described in this adt. puniftiment of

XXI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, offences here-

That this adt shall be openly read at every Epiphany quarter fef- m de cribed* fions of the peace, and at every leet or law day.  to  bereiU*

XXII.  Provided always. That no person shall be prosecuted times?**11

by virtue of this adt,unlefs such prosecution shall be commenced Ljmitatjon Q£ within fix calendar months after the offence committed; ^nd no a^ons> action shall be brought, for any of the penalties by this act im-pofed, unless the fame shall be brought within three calendar months next after the offence committed.

XXIII.  Provided alfo. That this adt shall commence and Commence-have effect within the city of London, and within twenty miles mentandcon-thereof, from the day next after the day of passing this adt, and ^nuance shall commence and have effect within all other parts of the king- a

dom, from the expiration of seven days next after the day of passing this adt, and shall be and continue in force for three years from the day of passing this adt, and until the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. IX.

An aft to prevent objlruftions to the free pajfage of grain within the kingdom.—[Dec. 18, 1795]*

\ A /HERE AS divers persons have ajfernhled themselves in great Preamble.

V V numbers, and committed great violences, with intent to hinder the pajfage of corn and grain from place to place^ whereby the necef-fary circulation of corn and grain within the kingdom may be prevented: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any person or persons fhall, Perfons hin-from and after the passing of this adt, wilfully and maliciously beat, wound, or use any other violence to or upon any person or corn, or feiz-perfons, with intent to deter or hinder him or them from buying ing it on its

of corn orgrain in any market, or other place within this kingdom, Paffage> &c.*

*  J  r  b  to be commit-

574

ted to hard labour for a limited time.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgxi III. c. 9. [1795.

or shall unlawfully stop or seize any wheat, flour, malt, or other grain, in or on the way to or from any city, market town, or place, in this kingdom, or (hall wilfully and maliciously break, cut, or deftroy, any waggon, cart, or other carriage, wherein any such wheat, flour, meal, malt, or other grain, (hall be loaded, or the harness of any horse or horfes, drawing or carrying the fame, or shall unlawfully take off from any such carriage, or drive away, kill, or wound, any such horse or horfes, or unlawfully beat or wound the driver or drivers of any such waggon, cart, or such other carriage, or horfe, fo loaded, with intent to stop such wheat, flour, meal, malt, or other grain, or fhall, by cutting of the facks, or otherwife, scatter or throw abroad any such wheat, flour, meal, malt, or other grain, or shall take or carry away, deftroy, fpoil, or damage the fame, or any part thereof, every and all such person or perfons, being thereof lawfully convicted before any two or more justices of the peace of the county, fhire, ftewartry, riding, divifion, town, or place corporate, wherein such offence or offences shall be committed, or before the justices of the peace in open feffions, (who are hereby authorised and empowered, fum-marily and finally, to hear and determine the fame), shall be sent to the common goal or house of corredion, there to continue and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the space of three months nor less than one month.

II.  And be it further enacfted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such person or persons fo conviiSled shall commit any of the

cond time, or offences aforesaid a second time, or if, from and after the palling destroying of this a£1, any person or perfons, with intent to prevent or ftorehoufes, or hinder any corn, meal, flour, malt, or grain, from being lawfully there fro carr‘e^ or removed from any place whatfoe'ver, shall wilfully and * maliciously pull, throw down, or otherwise deftroy, any ftore-houfe or granary, or other place in which corn, meal, flour, malt, or grain, shall be then kept, or shall unlawfully enter any such ftorehoufe, granary, or other place, and take and carry away any corn, flour, meal, malt, or grain, therefrom, or shall throw abroad or spoil the fame, or any part thereof, or shall unlawfully enter on board any fhip, barge, boat, or veffel, and wilfully and maliciously take and,carry away, cast or throw out therefrom, or otherwise spoil or damage any corn, flour, meal, malt, or grain therein, every person fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convi&ed, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported for the space of seven years, in like manner as other felons are directed to be transported by the laws and statutes of this realm; and if any such offender fo transported shall return into this kingdom before the expiration of the said seven years, he or she shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy: provided always that no attainder for any offence made felony by virtue of this adt shall make or work any corruption of blood, loss of dower, or difinheritance of heir or heirs.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That,. from and after the passing of this atf, the inhabitants of every

hundred,

Perfons convicted of such offences a fe-

to be tran l'ported for 7 years, <Stc.

The hundred where any

1795-1 Anno regto trlcefimo sexto Georgii III* c. 9.  575

hundred, in that part of Great Britain called England, wherein such offenceis any such offence as aforesaid (hall be committed, shall make full satisfaction and amends to all and every the person and perfons, for damages, their executors and adminiftrators, for the damage they shall have not exceeding sustained or suffered by any injury or violence done to their pro- 100L -perties by any offender or offenders against this ad ; and that every person and persons who shall sustain damages in their properties by any of the said offences, (hall and are hereby enabled to sue for apd recover such his or their damages (the sum to be - recovered not exceeding one hundred pounds) against the said hundred, who by this ad shall be made liable to answer all or any part thereof; such damages to be sued for, levied, and raifed, in such manner and form, and bv and under the like methods and diredions, as are prescribed and mentioned in cafes of actions of robberies on the highway in and by an ad, made in the feven-and-twentieth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An afl for the folloivlng hue and cry ; and by one other ad, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An a£l for the ameiidment of the law relating to aSilons on the statute of hue and cry, except fo much thereof as relates to giving, leaving, or publishing notice, or making fresh fait and hue and cry, or any other matter otherwise provided for by this ad.

IV.  Provided neverthelefc, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons (hall be enabled to No Perf°n *° recover any damages by virtue of this ad, unless he or they, by themselves or by their (ervants, within two days after such damage pfs notice be or injury done him or them, by any such offender or offenders as given of the aforesaid, shall give notice of such offence done and committed to offence. See. one of the ccnftables of the hundred, or to the conllable, borf- ^an^entered holder, headborough, or tytbing-man, of the town, pariih, vil- jnt0 to profe-lage, hamlet, or tithing, in or near which such sass (hall be cute known committed, and fhall, within ten days after such notice, give in offenders, his or their examinations upon oath, or the examination of his

or their fervants, being present at the time of the fad being committed, or having the care of such his or their properties to which such damage or injury shall be done, before anyjuftice of the peace of the county, liberty, or divifion, where such fad shall be committed ; whether he or they do know the person or persons that committed such fad, or any of them ; and if upon such examination it be confessed that he or they do know that the person or persons that committed the said fad, or any of them, that then he or they fo confessing shall be bound by recognizance to prosecute such offender or offenders according to this ad, or otherwise according to the laws of the realm.

V.  Provided alfo, and be it enacted by

That where any offence shall be committe any one of the said offenders shall be apprehended, and lawfully vided within convicted of such offence, within the space of twelve months a Year after after the offence committed, no hundred or franchise therein  hundred

£hall in a»y wife be subject or liable to make any satisfaction to the  ijabf/to

party make fatisfac>

the authority aforesaid, Tr _

;d again!! this ad, and der^ co!.”'

576

tion for da-mages.

No atftion for damages to be brought till after a year, nor unless commenced within two years after the offence.

Aft not to abridge any law for the punifhmentor suppression of offences mentioned herein.

Preamble.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georg-ii III. c. io. £1795.

party or parties injured for the damages he or they shall ha^e fuf-tained ; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary nptwith-ftanding: provided alio, that no person who, shall sustain any damage by reason of any offence to be committed by any offender contrary to this aft, shall be enabled hereby to sue or bring any action against any hundred where such offence shall be commited till after the expiration of one year, nor unless the party or parties sustaining such damage (hall commence his, her, or their, action or fuit, within two years next after the offence committed.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, 7'hat nothing in this aft contained shall be deemed or taken to abridge or take away any provision already made by the law of this realm, or any part thereof, for the suppression or punishment of any offence whatsoever mentioned or described in this aft: provided alfo, that no person who shall be punished by virtue of this aft, shall be punished for the fame offence by virtue of any other law or statute whatfoever.

CAP. X.

An aft for the letter relief of the poor, within the several hundreds, towns, and diflrifts, in that part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers afts of parliament for the purpose of the better maintenance and employment of the poor; and jor enlarging the powers of the guardians of the poor, within the said several hundreds, townSy and diflrifts, as to the ajfejfments to be made upon the several parifhesy hamlets, and places, within their respective hundreds, towns, and diflrifts, for the Jupport and maintenance of the poor.—[Dec. 18, 1795.]

WHEREAS several afts of parliament have of late years been made and puffed for the better relief and employment of the poor in particular incorporated hundreds, towns> and diflrifts, within that part of Great Britain called England: and whereas certain perfons, described and appointed by the said several aftsy are thereby empowered to assess the several parifbes, hamlets, and places, charge• able to the poors rate ivithin the said several hundreds, towns, or diflrifts refpeftivelyy in such sums of money as they fall think necef fary, for defraying the expences offupporiing and maintaining the poor within their respective hundreds, towns and dijlriftsy and for other the purpose s of the said afts \ but such sums of money, for which such ajfejfments are to be madey are by the said several afts of parliament limited fo as that they may not exceed a certain sum in any one yeary which Jum was calculated upon an average of the amount of the poors rates tn each parish refpeftively, for a certain number of years previous to the pajftng of the respective incorporating afts: and whereas, by reason of the late very great increaj'e of the price of corny and other necejfary articles of lifey the amount of the rates and ajfejfments, fo limited by the said several afts of parliament, are become infuff cient for the necejfary relief and maintenance of the poory who have also of late greatly increajed in number: and whereas in many incorporated hundredsy townsy and diflriftsy the expence of maintaining the poory

fmee

x795*1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. xo. 577

fmce the firfi clay i?/* January one thousand [even hundred and ninety fivev has exceeded the whole amount of the rates which could be raificl in the present year within those hundreds, towns, and dijlridls, under their refpeflive incorporating adis ; whereby confiderable debts have on that account been incurred by the guardians of the poor of those hundreds, towns, and difir ibis: and it is therefore become necessary ancl expedient that the powers of the several persons to whom is committed, by the [aid several acts of parliament, the duty of appointing the sums to be ajfieffied on the several parifhcs, hamlets, and places within their respective hundreds, towns, and difir iff s, jhoidd be enlarged: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this ad, it ill a 11 Dire^ors^and and may be lawful for the directors and acting guardians of the ^ans^oldhe poor within any hundred, town, or diftrid, in that part of Great poor.incorpo-Eritain called England, incorporated by any ad of parliament for rated by ads the relief or maintenance and employment of the poor, or for any of parliament, other perfons, by whatsoever name they are called or defcribed, cafes1** to whom is given, by any such incorporating ad, the power of make such appointing the futn or sums to be assessed on the several parifhes, assessments hamlets, or places, within their respective hundreds, towns, or as may be ne-diftrids, for the maintenance of the poor, and other the PuT°^es support and C of such ad, at any of their annual, quarterly, or other general maintena meetings, whenever due average price of wheat at the corn mar* of the poor, ket in Mark Lane, London, for the quarter immediately preced- &c- notwith-ing such annual, quarterly, or other general meeting, shall have ^ay exfeed^ exceeded the average price of wheat at the fame market during the afTefl-thofe years from which the average amount of the poors rates ments limited was taken upon the palling of the several incorporating ads re- by the refpec-fpedively, to assess the several parifhes, hamlets, and places tlve a<^s‘ within their respective hundreds, towns, or diftrids, which now are or usually have been charged to the poors rates, in such respective sums of moneyas the said diredors and acting guardians, or such other persons as aforesaid, shall think necessary for defraying the expences attending the support and maintenance of the poor for the current quarter, and for paying the interest of the money borrowed and due by virtue of the said respective ads, and of any debts which may have been incurred fmce the fir ft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in the maintenance of the poor, and for other the purposes of the said ads, notwithstanding such sums of money fo to be alTelled should exceed the amount of the assessments limited by such respective adds of parliament to be assessed on the'refpedive parifhes, hamlets, and places, within such incorporated hundreds, towns, or diftrids, in any one year: provided always, that the sums to Afleft merits be aflefled, and the afleAments to be made by virtue of this ad, thi^-dTobe in each respective incorporated hundred, town, or diftrid, (ball ma(je &-c, as be aftefled, made, colleded, and paid in the fame manner, and those under subject to the fame ixftridions, regulations, limitations.'and theincorpo-Vol, £L.  Pp “  powers



From Jan. i, 1798, no af-fefl'ment to exceed double the sums at prelent railed under the incorporating adts.

s?8 Anno regni tricesimofextoGeorgii III. c. 11,12. [1795.

powers of appeal, and with the like powers and remedies for compelling payment thereof, as the sums to be aftefted, and the affelTments to be made, by virtue of the several incorporating aftts, are by those respective a£ls directed to be affefled, collected, and made, within the several hundreds, towns, and dif-triCls refpeCtively incorporated by those acts : provided alfo, that the sums to be aftefted by virtue of this act, upon any parifti, hamlet, or place, Shall be in the fame rates and proportions as the afteftments which have hitherto been made and levied by virtue of the said adt or acts incorporating the several hundreds, towns, or diftriCts in which fiich parifhes, hamlets, or places are refpeCtively lituated : and provided alfo. That, from and after the fir ft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, the sums to be aftefted, by virtue of this adt, on any pa-rifh, hamlet, or place, shall never exceed, in any one year, the amount of double the ium at present raised by virtue of any incorporating adt now exifting.

CAP. XI.

An a£t for embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, a certain flint-ed pafture, called Lancalter Marfh, in the county palatine of Lan-cafter.—(December 18, 179 5.)

CAP. XII.

An a£l for raising the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities* —[Dec. 19, 1795.J

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.  ftE?  your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the com-

VV mons of Great Britain in parliament aftembled, being de-firous to raise the neceftary supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have re-folved, that the sum of eighteen millions be raised by annuities, in manner herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every contributor towards raising the laid sum of eighteen millions (hall, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of one hundred pounds in consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per Centura per annum, and to an additional principal sum of twenty pounds in like annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and also to a further principal sum of twenty-five pounds in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; the said several confoli-dated annuities, after the rate of three pounds, and of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum per

annum*

Every contributor of 100I. to be entitled to a principal of iool. in the 3 per cents, confols, and an additional principal of aol. therein, from July 5, 1795 ; a further principal of 25I. in the g, per cents, reduced, and

1795*1 Annoregni tricesimo sexto Geqrgii III. c. 12.  579

annum, to commence from the tenth day of October one thousand an annuity of seven hundred and ninety-five; and (hall also be entitled, in re- ^*I6ci‘ fpeci of every such one hundied pounds fo contributed, to a fur- from^Od^io, ther annuity of fix {hillings and fix pence, to continue for a certain 1795. term of fixty-four years and three months, from the tenth day of Ofiober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and then to ceafe; and that the laid several consolidated annuities, after the  out

rate of three pounds, and of three pounds per centum, and the of the confo-faid reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum lidated fund refpeflively, and of fix (hillings and sixpence in refpedf of each half-yearly, one hundred pounds, fo to be contributed as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable ont of, the consolidated fund, and shall be payable and transferrable at the bank of England; and the said several consolidated annuites, after the rate of three pounds, and of three pounds centum, shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of "July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of Odlober in every year ; and the said annuity of fix (hillings and sixpence to continue for a certain term of fixty-four years and three months from the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety* five, and then to ceafe, shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year.

II.  And where a sy pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions expressed in the said rejolutiony several persons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpose ,fubferibed together the whole of the said sum of eighteen millions to be raised by annuities, and made deposits of ten pounds per centum on the respective Jums by them fo fubjcribecl to the said sum of eighteen millions to be raised by annuities y with the cafiners of the governor and company of the bank of England ; be It therefore enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such contributors who have made such deposits with the mar;e cVpoPts cashier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of.it the bank England, (which cashier or cafhiers is 2nd are hereby appointed may pay the the receiver and receivers of such contributions, without any other warrant to be had in that behalf,) to advance and .pay t;onshy°inftS-unto the said cashier or cafhiers of the governor and company ments. of the hank of England, the several remainders of the sums by them respectively fubferibed towards the said sum of eighteen millions, at or before the refpedfive days and times, and in the proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf;

(that is to fay,) the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-fecond day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix; the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the eighteenth day of March then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twentieth day of May then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-fecond day of July then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per

p v 2  centum

580 Anno regni tricefuno sexto Georgii 111. c. 12.  [1795.

centum on or before the ninth day of September then next following ; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the eleventh day of November then next following; and the remaining sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the fix-teenth day of Dece?nber then^next following.

Guardians III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for mfantT^ lX anc* maY  *or  anY  guardian or trustee having the

difpofition of the money of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards advancing the said sum of eighteen millions to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid, and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or truftee, (hall become a contributor within the meaning of this ad, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor ; and the said guardian and truftee, as to the said sum or sums fo advanced, is hereby dif-charged, fo as the name of such infant be exprefied in the receipt or receipts for such money.

Contributors IV. And be it further enaded, That every contributor paying d^count°for *n t^ie w^°^e  sums  by  them  respectively subscribed in re-

fubferiptions sped of the said sum of eighteen millions, to be contributed as paid in ad- aforesaid, at any time on or before the tenth day of November ▼ance.  one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, shall be entitled to

an allowance of fo much money as the interest of each sum fo paid in advance, for completing his, her, or their contribution refpedively, {hall amount unto, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, from the day of completing the fame to the sixteenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix; and that every contributor paying in the wdiole of the sums by them subscribed as aforesaid, at any time subsequent to the tenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and previous to the thirtieth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, {hall be entitled to an allowance of fo much money as the interest of each sum fo paid in advance, for completing his, her, or their contribution refpedively, {ball amount unto, after the rate of three pounds five {hillings per centum per annum, which allowances are to be paid by the said cashier or cafhiers, out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this acf, as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, and afligns, {hall have completed such respective payments.

Annuities to V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That be paid half- t]ie fevera} fobfciibers or contributors, their executors, adminif-tilffifofcrip0° trators, fucceftors, and aftigns, in respect of the said sum of tions arecpm- eighteen millions, (hall be entitled to an annuity after the rate of pleted,  three pounds per centum, for every one hundred pounds, by him,

her, or them respectively advanced and paid, and also to an annuity after the like rate of three pounds per centum in respect of the said additional principal sum of twenty pounds, to commence from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until redemption by parliament, in manner herein-after

men-

r795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgix III. c. 12.  58

mentioned ; and (hall also be entitled in respect of every such one hundred pounds To advanced and paid, to a further annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum in respect of the additional principal sum of twenty-five pounds, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until redemption, by parliament, in manner herein-after mentioned ; and final 1 also be entitled, in respect of every such one hundred pounds fo advanced and paid, to a further annuity of fix (hillings and fixpence, to continue for the term of fixty-four years and three months, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and then to ceafe; which said respective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, three pounds per ceyitum, and of three pounds per centum refpedfively, and of fix (hillings and fixpence, (hall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to fay,) the said first mentioned several annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of January and the fifth day of July in every year; and the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centuin, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year; and the said annuity of fix (hillings and sixpence on the said fifth day of April and the said tenth day of October in every year, the firfi: payment upon the said firfi: mentioned several annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum to be due on the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix; and on the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix : and on the said annuity of fix (hillings and sixpence on the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninetyTix; but (hall not be payable until the respective fub-feribers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuc-ceflors, or aftlgns, (hall have completed the whole of the sums by them fubferibed for the purchase of the said annuities.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every such contributor or contribu- Contributors tors, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns,  tile

who (hall have paid into the hands of the said cashier or cafhiers ^e°rCfub_ the whole of his, her, or their contribution money, on or before fcriptions by the second day of January one thousand seven hundred and nine- the times ty-fix, (hall be entitled to have and receive, on the fifth day of herein fpeci-January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, at the bank ^titled to^he of England, the half year’s annuities, after the rate of three pounds annuities at per centum, and of three pounds per centum, that (hall become due certain on the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and periods, ninety-fix ; and that all and every person or persons who (hall have completed the whole of his, her, or their said payment or payments on or before the second day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, on or before the second day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or on or before the fe-venth day of Offober one thousand leven hundred and ninety-fix, refpe&ively, (hall be entitled on the day next ensuing on which

p p 3  any

5$2

Annuities p.iy -bit ,u. the bunk.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III.c. T2.  [1795,

any dividend-(hall become due by virtue of this acl, to receive the half-year’s annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, three pounds  centum,  or three pounds per centum,  refpeclively,

or fix {hillings and fixpence, or any of them, which by virtue of this a<51 (hall become due on Inch day respectively, or (hall have become due at any day preceding, and (hall not have been paid by virtue of this adt; and that all and every perfou or persons who (hall not have completed the whole of their said payments on or before the said seventh clay of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, (hall, on completing the fame within the time in this a<51 prefcribed, be then entitled to receive the whole of one year’s annuity on each of the said several annuities-by this a£f granted, or to be granted, from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the tenth day oOftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, refpedtively, according to the true intent and meaning of this a61.

VII.  And be it further enacted, That all the annuities afore-faid (hall be payable, and paid, and be transferable at the bank of England; and, as to the said several annuities of three pounds per centum* of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum, refpedfively, (hall be subject to such redemption as is herein-after mentioned.

VIII.  And for the more easy and Jure payment of all the several annuities efablijhed by this aft, be it further enailed by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, (hall from time to time, until all the said annuities (hall be redeemed or determined, ap-

neral, anu the point and employ one or more sufficient person or persons within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first cafihier or cafhiers, and one other sufficient person within the fame office to be their accountant general; and that fo much of the monies by this acl appropriated for the purpose as (hall be sufficient from time to time to answer the said several and respective annuities and other payments herein directed to be made out of the said monies, (hall, by order of the commissioners of the treafurv, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without an further warrant to be sued for,'had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time at the respective days of payment in this a6I appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the said firfi: or chief cafh-ier or cafhiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for the time being, by way of im-preft, and upon account for the payment of the said several and Cafhier to pay refpedfive annuities payable by virtue of this a£l; and that such WithoutSde ca&ner or cafhiers to whom the said money (hall from time to lay, and the time ke ifiued, (hall, from time to time, without delay, pay the accountant fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof ac-general to in- cording to the due course of the exchequer; and that the said ccnmtslS aC' accountant general for the time being (hall from time to time jnfpedt and examine all receipts and payments of the said cafhiey

or

The bank to appoint a ca-ihicr and accountant ge-

treafury to order money to be paid to the caiiiier.

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 12.  583

or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to pre--vent any fraud, negligence or delay.

IX.  And be it further enabled, That the cashier or cafhiers Ca/hiertogive of the governor and company of the bank of England\ who (hall have received, or shall receive, any part of thefaid contributions towards thefaid sum of eighteen millions, shall give a receipt or a ffigned be'ore receipts in writing, to every such contubutor, for all such fums, Nov.io, 1796. and that the receipts to be given shall be affignable, by indorfe-ment thereupon made, at any time before the tenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, andnolonger: provided always. That such cashier or cafhiers (hall give security Cafhiertogive to the good liking of any three or more of the commilfioners of nioney the treafury, or the high treasurer for the time being, for duly within five anfvvering and paying into the receipt of’ his Majesty’s exchequer, days alter for the publick ufe, all the monies which they have already re- received, into ceived, and shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and t tCX?-hequei. for the said sum of eighteen millions, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the trufl hereby in them repofed, and fhall, from time to time, pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards, at the fartheft, into, and shall account for the fame in the exchequer, according to the due course thereof, deducting thereout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this abf, for which sums fo paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

X.  And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in the A book to be office of the accountant general of the governor and collTarT °^countantneeC" the bank of England for the time being, a book or books shall be neral’s office provided and kept in which the names of the contributors shall for entering be fairly entered ; which book or books the said refpeblive con- contributors tributors, their refpeblive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, n^te ofdU~ and affigns, shall and may, from time to time, and at all feafon- which (hall be; able times, resort to, and infpebl, without any fee or charge ; transmitted to and that the said accountant general fhall, on or before the fifth the auditor of day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, tranf- the exchequer, mitan attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of thefaid book

or books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Ma-jefty’s exchequer, there to remain forever.

XI.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Contributors such contributors duly paying the whole sum fo fubferibed, at or fubferi before the refpeblive times in this abt limited in that behalf, and tionstobeen-their refpebtive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns, titled to their shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this annuities free abl, to have, receive, and enjoy the said several annuities by this ^om taxes* abl granted," in refpebt of the sum fo fubferibed out of the monies

granted and appropriated in this session of parliament for payment thereof, and shall have good and sure interests and estates therein, according to the several provisions in this abl contained, as well in refpebl of the said transferrable annuities, after the rate of three pounds, and of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum refpectively, as of fix {hillings and sixpence per annum, payable and transferrable at

p p 4



the

^oogle

5S-4- Anno regni tricesimo sexto GeorgiiIII. c. 12. [1795,

the bank of England \ and that the said several annuities (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatfoever, Subfenptions XII. Provided always, That in cafe any such contributors amV nofcom w^° have already deposited with, or (hall hereafter pay to the said ploterl, to be cashier or cafhiers, any sum or sums of money, at the time, and solicited. in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums fo by them refpedtivelv fubfcribed, or therr respective executors, adminiftrators, fuccedors, or affigns, flaall not advance and pay to the said cashier cr cafhiers the residue of the sum or sums fo fublcribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned ; then, and in every such cafe, fo much of the refpebtive sum or sums fo fubfcribed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof, to the said cashier or cafhiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds, and of three pounds per centum'per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum refpec-tively, and of fix (hillings and fix pence per annum, in refpeT thereof, shall be extinguished ; any thing in this a£t contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithfranding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, As soon as That as soon as any contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, arec^rn'^eted ^uccel^ors5 or a^gns> shall have completed their payments of the t heyday be ’ whole sum payable by them refpedlively, towards the said sum of transferred at eighteen millions, the principal sum or sums fo by them subscribed the bank.  and paid respectively shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank

of England., placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, completing such payments respectively ; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be fo placed, their refpedftive executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, and affigns, shall and may have power to aftign and transfer the fame, or any part, fhare, or proportion thereof, to any other person or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the books of the bank of England; and such sums shall carry the several annuities, after the rate of three pounds and of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum refpedlively, redeemable by parliament, and the annuity of fix (hillings and sixpence per annum for fixtv-four years and three months, and then to cease ; and shall be taken and deemed to be stock transferrable, according to the true intent and meaning of this acft, until redemption of the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds and of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum, in such manner as is herein-after mentioned, and until the determination of the said annuity of fix (hillings and sixpence per annum at the expiration of the said period of fixty-four years and three months.

XIV,  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, be™Lemld° ^^at all persons who shall be entitled to any of the annuities personal ef- hereby granted in respect of the laid eighteen millions, and all tate.  persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be poftefted thereof

as of a personal estate which shall not be descendible to heirs,

nor

58S

1795.] Anrto‘regni trlcefimo sexto Georgii III. c. 12.

nqr liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise ; any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful for three or mare of the com-miffioners of the treafury, or the high treasurer for the time being, ney p;lj ; jnt0 to iffiie and apply, from time to time, all such sums of money the exche-as (hall be fo paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer by quer.

the said cashier or cafhiers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present lef-fion of parliament.

XVI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefftd, ^ccount;nit That books shall be constantly kept by the said accountanr general general tok^ep for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers of all sums books tor readvanced or contributed towards the said sum of eighteen millions, gifteringtraaf-fhall be entered and registered : which entry shall be conceived *ers*

in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or, if such parties be abfent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorifed, in writing, under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to be attested by two or more credible wirneftes ; and that the several perlbns to whom such transfers shall be made, shall refpe£tively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aligning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law: provided always. That all persons pofiefled of devifed™!^ ^ any share or interest in either of the said stocks of annuities, or wqj which any estate or interest therein, may devise the fame by will, in must be enterwriting, attested by two or more credible witnesses ; but that no ed with the payment shall be made upon any such devise until fo much of the accGuntant

m j  L  j  P'pn^r^Li

faid will as relates to such fhare, eftate, or intereft, in the said 6 stocks of annuities, be entered in the said office ; and that in default of such transfer or devife, such fhare, eftate, or intereft, in the said stocks of annuities shall goto the executors, adminiftra-tors, fuccefTors, and aligns; and that no stamp duties whatfo- ^be^faWe^to ever dial] be charged on any of the said transfers j any law or stamp duty, statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-

thority aforesaid, That out of the monies arising from the con- Treafury to tributions towards raising the said sum of eighteen millions by an- ^dental ex-nuities, any three or more of the commissioners of the treafury, or pences out the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to discharge of contribu-all such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the execution  and  to

o  j  allow

of this aft, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reafon- totfte cashier able, and also to fettle and appoint such allowances as shall be and account-thought proper for the fervice, pains, and labour of the said ca- ant general, filter or cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions, and also shall have power to make out of the consolidated fund such further allowances as shall be judged rea-fonable for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities

The 3 per cents. covtrols. under this a<5t to be added to the joint flock of the 3 per cents, con-fols. ;

and the 3 per

cents.reduced to the joint flock of 3 per cents, reduced.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 12. [1795*

nuities payable by virtue of this act, and alio for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the laid accountant general, for performing the trust reposed in him by this, a cl; all which allowances, to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the fervice, pains, and labour, of anv officer or officers of the said governor and company, {hall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

XVIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies to which any person or persons (hall become entitled by virtue of this aft, in refpefl of any sum advanced or contributed towards the said sum of eighteen millions, on which the said respective annuities fir ft mentioned, after the rate of three pounds and of three pounds per centum per annum {hall be attending, (hall be added to the joint (lock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England^ into which the several films carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum were, by feve-ral a£ts made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late ma-jefty King George the Second, and by several subsequent acts, confolidated, and (hall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, fubjefl nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the said a£t made in the twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty’s reign is directed in re-fpefl of the several and refpeflive annuities redeemable by virtue of the said a£t; and that all and every person and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, {he, or they, (hall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this a<5l, {hall have and be deemed to have, a proportional in-tereft and {hare in the said joint stock of annuities at the rates aforefaid.

XIX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies to which any person or persons (hall become entitled by virtue of this a<ft, in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards the said sum of eighteen millions, on which the said annuity laft-mentioned after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum (hall be attending, (hall be added to the joint stock of annuities, transferrable at the bank of England, which, by an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds per centum per annum, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, fubjeet nevertheless to redemption by parliament in such manner, and upon such notice as in the several a<5ts, by which the said annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were refpe£tively granted, are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that all and every person and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, fhe, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this aft, {hall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities, at the rate aforefaid.

XX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That

1795-1 Ann0 regni triceffimo sexto Georgii III. c. 12.  5S7

That all the said annuities, after the rate or fix (hillings and fix- Annuities of

pence per annum, to continue for a certain term of fixty-four  n^c

years and three months, from the tenth day of Ociober one thou-  for

land (even hundred and ninety-five, and then to ceafe, to which n9 and 98

any person or perfons, bodies politick and corporate, (hall be years.

entitled by virtue of this aft, in respect of any sum or sums of

money advanced or contributed towards railing the said sum of

eighteen millions as aforesaid, shall be added to and made one

joint flock with certain annuities which, by two acts made in

the firfi: and second years of the reign of his present Majesty,

were granted and made payable at the bank of England,, for the

refpeftive terms of ninety-nine years, and ninety-eight years,

from the fifth days of 'January one thousand seven hundred and

fixty-one, and one thousand seven hundred and fixty-two refpec-

tively, and then to ceafe; and which said respective annuities

were consolidated and made one joint flock of annuities by divers

afts, made in the reign of his present Majesty, and (hall be paid,

payable, and transferrable at the fame time and times, and in

like manner with the said annuities granted by the said afts; and Annuities

fo much money final], from time to time, continue to be fet apart,  tobe

and issued at the receipt of the exchequer to the said cashier or paid out of the

cafhiers of the bank of England, as (hall be sufficient to satisfy confolidated

and pay fo much of the laid annuities, after the respective rates tund«

of three pounds, and of three pounds per centum per annum, of

three pounds per centum per annum, and the annuities hereby

granted to continue for a certain term of fixty-four years and

three months, from the said tenth day of Qtlober one thousand

feven hundred and ninety-five, and then to ceafe, together with.

the charges attending the fame, out of the consolidated fund ; any

thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person or persons (hall forge or counterfeit, or cause Perfons coun-or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or fib all willingly aft or i ^ts"for con afiift in the forging or counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for trihution$?&c! the whole of, or any part or parts of, the said contributions to- guilty of rewards the said sum of eighteen millions, either with or without lony. the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof; or (hall alter any number, figure, or word therein ; or utter or publifti as true any such falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England^ or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatfoever; every such person or persons fo forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or afiifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof con-vifted in due form of law, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XXII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the The bank to

bank continue a

5S8

corporation toll the annuities hereby granted ceafe.

No fee Hi all be taken for receiving contributions) or paying or transferring annuities, on penalty of 2cL

General ifFuc

Treble cofis.

Preamble.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii I IT. c, 13. [1795.

bank of England\ and their* fucceftbrs, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds, in pursuance of the ads for establishing the fame, or any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes^of this ad, until all the annuities by this ad granted (hall be redeemed by parliament, or (hall cease as aforefaicl; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this a<d.

XXIII.  And be it further cnaded. That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatfoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty’s fubjeds, for receiving or paying the said fubfeription or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt concerning the fame, or for paying the said annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any fum, great or final), to be made in pursuance of this ad, upon pain that any officer or person effend-ing, by taking, or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, faall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of fuit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at TVeJhninJler, wherein no effoin, pro-tedion, privilege, or wager of law, injundion, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXIV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons shall be fued, molefted, or profe-cuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this ad,

. such person or persons shall and may plead the general iffue, and give this ad and the special matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences ; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendants or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall difeontinue his, her, or their action or profecution, or be non-fuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwife, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble coffs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XIII.

An aft for granting to his Majefiy additional duties of excise on tobacco andfnujf.—[Dec. 24, 1795.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s pub-lick expences, and for making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised by virtue of any ad or ads for that purpose to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Ma-

jefty

5s9

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c, 13.

jefty the several additional rates and duties herein-after refpec-tively mentioned y and do therefore molt humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That there shall be railed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and

for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftbrs, for and in ties^texdfc~

refpeCt of the several matters and things herein-after mentioned, to be paid i

over,and above all duties already imposed for or in respect thereof

by any act or aCts of parliament, the further duties of excile

herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay,

For every pound weight of tobacco of the growth, production, For Spimfh or or manufacture, of the plantations or dominions of Spain or Por- batxofimport-tugol, imported on or after the seventh day of December one thou- ed on or alter sand fevcn hundred and ninety-five, or to be imported, into Dec. 7, 1795, Great Britain, one {billing :  is. per lb.

For every pound weight of the like tobacco, imported into For Great Britain before the seventh day of December one thousand ^areTouM seven hundred and ninety-five, and which shall not actually have before Dec 7, been depofited, lodged, and fecured, before the said seventh day of 1795, December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in any ^ warehoufe, according to the directions of an aCl made in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty’s reign, or of another act made in the thirty-firft year of the said reign, one {hilling:

For every pound weight of the like tobacco, which, on the said For such to-feventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety- boufeoa'B?' five, was in any warehouse in which the fame had been depofited, 7 2795, lodged, and fecured, according to the direClions of either of the delivered oast said aCts, and which hath been or shall be delivered out of such for home con-warehoufe for home trade, confumption, or manufacture, one lu™j^10Ii* 3S-fhilling; to be paid by the importer upon demand :  ’

For every pound weight of the like tobacco, which, at any and delivered! time from and after the said seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been or shall be delivered for 1 ‘ exportation, out of the warehouse in which the fame (hall be depofited, lodged, and fecured, according to the directions of the said aCls, or either of them, one penny :

For every pound weight of tobacco of the growth or produc- For Irftli or

tion of Irela?id\ or of the growth or production of his Majesty’s American ***-1  o  i'  j  j  bacco ini'xurJ'*

colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories, in America, or of on or

the united states o{America^ imported on or after the said seventh Dec. 7, 1795,

day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or 4d.per lb-

to be imported, into Great Britain, four-pence :

For every pound weight of the like tobacco, as last aforefaid. For such to-

imported into Great Britain before the said seventh day of De- ^TrehouLd

cember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which before Dec.7,

fhall not aClually have been depofited, lodged, and fecured, before 1795, 4d. per

the said seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-five*



For such tobacco in ware-houfe,on Dec. 7, 1795, and delivered out

per lb.

For fnuffim-port

Eaft India company, on or;

17S lb.

590 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 13. [1795*

ninety-five, in any warehoufe, according to the directions of the fa id act, or either of them, four-pence :

For every pound weight of the like tobacco, as last aforesaid, which^on the said seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, was in any warehouse in which the fame had been depofited, lodged, and fecured, according to the for home con- directions of the said adds, or either of them, and which hath lumption, 4J. been or be delivered out of such warehouse for home trade, ccnfumption or-manufacture, four-pence : to be paid by the importer upon demand :

For every pound weight of fnuff, imported into Great Britain ^ by un‘ted company of merchants trading to the East Indies, on or after the said seventh day of December one thousand seven orafterDec.7, hundred and ninety-five, or to be imported into Great Britain }79S> is. per by the said united company, one (hilling:

For every pound weight of the like fnuff, imported into Great For such fnuft Britain, before the said seventh day of December one thousand houfed1 before ^even hundred and ninety-five, and which (hall not actually have Dec. 7, 1795. been depofited, lodged, and fecured, before the said seventh day is. per lb. of December one thousand seven hundred and ninetv-five, in any warehoufe, according to the directions of the said acts, or either of them, one (hilling:

For such snuff For every pound weight of the like fnuff, which, on the faid

in warehoule seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-on 1  7  **  m  *  /

1795,on deli-  was in any warehouse in which the fame had been depofited,

very thereout, lodged, and fecured, according to the directions of the said acts,

is. per lb. or either of them, and which hath been or (hall be delivered out

of such warehoufe, one (hilling; to be paid by the importer upon

demand:

For every pound weight of fnuff, imported into Great Britain from any Britijh plantation in America, or from the SpaniJhlVef Indies, on or after the said seventh day of December one thousand feven.hundred and ninety-five, or to be imported therefrom, fix-pence :

For every pound weight of the like fnuff, as last aforesaid, im-lb. '  "  ported  into  Great Britain before the seventh day of December one

For such snuff thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which (hall not ac-not warehouf- tually have been depofited, lodged, and fecured, before the said ed before^Dec. seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

-P£r  Jn  nn\r  \-\ia r/=»h r»i i ip or'rr^rrli nnr M flip A» rm c nf  fair1

For fnuffim-ported from British America or the Spanifh Weft Indies, on or after Dec. 7, i?95> 6d* Per

For such snuff in warehouse on Dec. 7, 1795, on deti-verythereout, 6d. per lb.

For snuff im . ported from

five, in any warehoufe, according to the directions of the said .acts, or either of them, sixpence :

For every pound weight of the like fnuff, as last aforesaid, which, on the said seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was in any warehouse in which the (ame had been depofited, lodged, and fecured, according to the directions of the said acts, or either of them, and which hath been or (hall be delivered out of such warehoufe, sixpence ; to be paid by the importer upon demand :

For every pound weight of snuff imported into Great Britain from any other place, on or after the said seventh day of Decern-5  her

1795-1 Annoregni tricesimo sexto GeorgiiIII. c. 13. 51

her one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or to be im- ariy ^exported into Great Britain from any other place, feven-pence :  Pj*L* or

For every pound weight of the like fnuff, as last aforesaid, yd. ptr imported into Great Britain before the said seventh day of De- lb. ceinber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which For such snuff shall not actually have been depofited, lodged, andfecured, before not ware -the said seventh day of December one thousand seven hundred and  before

ninety-five, in any vvarehoufe, according to the directions of the 7ci ' ^ said ads, or either of them, feven-pence :

For every pound weight' of the like fnuff, which, on the said For such snuff seventh day of jDecember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was in any warehouse in which the fame had been depofited, zon^deli-lodged, and fecured, according to the directions of the said ads, very thereout, or either of them, and which hath been or (hall be delivered out 7d. per lb. of such warehoufe, feven-pence 3 to be paid by the importer upon demand.

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

fuch of the duties by this a61 impofed, as (hall arise in that part of nafremfnt Qf Great Britain called England, shall be under the management of the commit, the commifiioners of excise in England for the time being 3 and doners of such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called excl^e*

Scotland, shall be under the management of the commifiioners of excise in Scotland for the time being.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Additional the said additional duties by this act impofed, for or in respect ofdu.ties to tobacco and snuff respectively imported, shall be paid by such perfons, in such manner, at such times, and under and subject to

the fame rules, regulations, and provifions, as the former excise duties on tobacco and snuff respectively imported, are now payable by law.

IV.  And whereas contract s ?nay have been made for the [ale of tobacco and snuff refpeffively, for or in refpett whereof the said duties are by this a£i impofed3 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cafes where any tobacco or snuff whereon Oncontra&s any of the respective duties by this ad imposed shall be charged, a^?^°fna! shall be delivered in pursuance of such contracts or fajes, it shall ^Vded to the be lawful for the person or persons delivering the fame, to charge prices agreed fo much money as shall be equivalent to the duties by this a cltor-impofed for or in respect thereof, in addition to the price of the

fame, and such person or persons (hall be entitled by virtue of this ad to demand and be paid for the fame accordingly.

V.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That On exports-upon the exportation of any (hort cut tobacco, shag tobacco, roll tionof (hort tobacco, or carrot tobacco, respectively manufadured from to- ^ ^anu&c bacco for which the duties by this ad imposed (hall have been tured from' paid, which (hall be delivered for home trade, confumption, or tobacco deli-manufadure, out of the warehouse or warehouses in which the veredtromany fame shall be depofited, lodged, and fecured, according to the ^mecon6 directions of an ad, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign fumption, the of his present Majesty, (intituled, An a51 for repealing the duties following

on additional

592  Anno  regni tricesimo sexto Georgii TIL c. 13. [1795.

drawbacks to on tobacco and fruff and for granting new duties in lieu thereoff and allowed:  exported  as merchandize, under and fabjed to the rules, regula-^

tions, reftridions, and provifions, contained, provided, fettled,, or ePcablifned, in or by the Paid ad, made in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty’s reign, or in or by any other law ot laws relating to the exportation of tobacco, in force immediately before the passing of this ad, there (hall be paid and allowed the several additional drawbacks herein-after mentioned : that is to fay,

For short cut, 4d. per lb. Shag, 3d. zq.

Roll, 4d. and Carrot,3d.zq.

For every pound weight of such short cut tobacco fo exported, an additional excise drawback of four-pence :

For every pound weight of such shag tobacco fo exported, an additional excise drawback of three-pence halfpenny:

For every pound weight of such roll tobacco fo exported, an additional excise drawback of four-pence :

And for every pound weight of such carrot tobacco fo ex* ported, an additional excise drawback of three-pence halfpenny.

Powers of 12 VI, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

to extend anc^ eVer^ t^ie ^°WerS- ^*re(^*ons> ru^es? penalties, forfeitures, tn^this  c^au^es?  matters, and things, which, in and by an ad, made in

the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An a£l for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service and perveyance, and for fettling.a revenue upon his Majcjly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty’s revenue of excise are provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, for managing raifing, levying, colleding, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or afcertaining, the duties ...  thereby  granted, or any of them, {hall be pradifed, ufed, and

put in execution, in and for the managing, raifing, levying, colleding, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the excise duties by this ad impofed, and for preventing, deteding, and pu-, nifhing frauds relating thereto, as fully and efFedually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, diredions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in this present ad. Duties to be^  VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

consolidated*Lkat the monies from time to time ariftng by the duties by fund.  this ad imposed as aforesaid, (the neceftary charges of raising and

accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at Wejlminjler; and the said money fo paid as aforesaid, {hall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

VIII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-a Ulied in de thority aforesaid, That the monies to arise from the said duties, fraying any * or fo much thereof as shall be fufftcient, shall be deemed an ad-increased dition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the charge oeca- increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised by virtue of any ad or ads to be passed in this section of parliament; and that feffion, and the said monies during the space often years nextenfuing, {hall

continue

1795-1 Annoregni tricesimofexto Giqrgii III. c. 13.  593

Continue to be paid into the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer, for 10 years to distinctly and apart from ail othef branches of the publicjc re-  w.ltl1

venue; and that there (hall be provided and kept In the office of gr^ntedUfor3 the auditor of the fa id receipt, during the fa id period of ten years, the fame pur-a book or books in which all the monies arising from the said du- pose separate ties, paid into the receipt by virtue of this a£f, (hall, together from other with the monies arising from any other duties granted in this mQn-es*

• session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Msjefty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

IX.  And whereas by the laws now in forcc> none but tobacco of the growth of the British plantations, which Jhdl have paid duty> and which J,hall have been manufactured in Great Britain, can be legally vfcd or consumed on board of any of the iranfports employed in carrying his Majejly's land forces in any part of Europe : and whereas it is expedient that tobacco of the growth or production of the British plantations in America, or the united Jlates of America, regularly ported into Great Britain, Jhould befupplied to the ships or iranfports e?nployed to carry his Majeflys land forces, for the use of non-com-rationed officers andJeldters, without payment of any duty whatever

Under certain conditions: be it therefore enabled by the authority American to-aforefaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commanding ba?f0(1l^d officer of the forces on board any such ship or transport in actual ^arehoufed fervice, on purchasing any such tobacco for the purpose aforesaid, may be re-which shall have been legally deposited in any warehouse now or moved duty-hereafter to be appointed by the commissioners of the customs for ^ree the reception of the fame on importation thereof, to remove the £fJofSnd ^ fame, without payment of any duty whatever, by permission of forces on the said commissioners of the cuftoms, upon such conditions, and board fhip, under such regulations and reft rid ions, as they may deem necef-fary for the iecurity of the revenue, to the ports of Rqcheffery Portfmoutby or Plymouth, there to be deposited in the charge of the collectors and comptrollers of such ports refpeClively, who are hereby authorised and required, on such tobacco being duly-entered outwards, to permit the fame to be fbipped and put on board any ship or transport in aClual fervice, within the limits of their respective ports, under the care and infpeeftion of the proper officers.

X.  Provided always, and be it further enaefted by the author

rity aforesaid, That the tobacco fo about to be Chipped, shall be No tobacco fo really and truly meant and intended for the use and confiimption fbipped to be of such land forces, and that no part thereof shall be by such com- ^^^{eave fnanding officer, or with his privity, confent, or knowledge, -m Qrcat 3^/ relanded in any part of Great Britain, without special leave first tain, norm had and obtained from the proper officer or officers of his Ma- Ireland, &c. jefty’s customs for that purpose, or landed in Ireland, or the 1 {lands of Guernfy, JcrJ'ey, Alderney, Sarky or Man*

XI.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That no greater Quantity quantity of such tobacco shall be allowed to any such ship or which may be tranfport, than two pounds weight uverdupois by the lunar ffiipped.

Vol. XL;  inonthj

594  Anno  regni  tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 14. [ 795,

month, for each non-commiffioned officer or foldier, nor shall any greater quantity be permitted to be shipped at one and the fame time, than will be sufficient to serve such forces for any time not exceeding the space of fix months, at the rate aforefaid.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for granting to his Majesty further additional duties on the amount of the duties, under the management of the commijfwners fit the affairs of taxes, therein mentioned.—[Dec. 24, 1795*]

Moil gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.  T your Majesty’s moil dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the

Yy commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, to-words raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised by virtue of any ad or ads for that purpose to be palled in this leffion of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the further additional duties herein-after mentioned; and do mod: humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enaded; and be it enacted by the King’s mod: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aifembled, and by the From April 5, authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of April affiefi?mentVC1^ one t^0UI'anc^ seven hundred and ninety-fix, there shall be raifed, made under levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majedy, any adt now his heirs and fucceffors, throughout the kingdom of Great Bri-in force re- tain, upon every adedment to be made after the fifth day of ^derTheUtieS one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, under or by management virtue of any act: or ads of parliament now in force, for or in of the com- respect of the several rates and duties under the management of miffioners for the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, a further additional

dltknr?ddt rate or dutY a^ter t^ie rate tea Pounds ^or everY hundred pounds of 1 ok percent.  the gross amount of all the said former rates and duties charged

ontheamount by such adedment, except as herein-after is excepted, to be paid, II, And be it further enabled, That there shall be raifed, levied, except, See. co]]eded, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majedy, upon every ^e(fmentfUCh a{Iefrment made or to be made for the year ending the fifth day made^or the of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, under or by virtue of any ad or ads of parliament now in force, for or in respect of the several rates and duties before mentioned, a further additional rate or duty after the rate of ten pounds for every hundred pounds of the gross amount of all the said former rates be charged for and duties charged by such affeffment, except as herein-after is half a year. excepted, to be computed for the half year ending the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-Adnottoex- rity aforesaid, That nothing in this ad contained shall extend, tend tocertain or be construed to extend, to charge with the said further ad-dutles-  ditional

year ending April 5,1796, the additional duty of 10I. per cent, to

x 795* 1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. e. 14.  595

ditional rate or duty of ten pounds per centum by this ad im~ pofcd, the amount of the duty commonly called The LandTax^ granted to his Majesty in and by an ad of the last fefiion of parliament, intituled, An ad for granting an aid to his Majejiy by aland tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thou find seven hundred and ninety-five, or granted or to be granted by any ad of the present fefiion of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or that shal 1 or may be granted by any a d or ads of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax during the continuance of this ad, nor the amount of the rates and duties after the rate of ten pounds per centum upon the gross amount of certain assessed taxes, granted by an ad, passed in the thirty-firft: year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An att for granting to his Majejiy additional dudes on the amount of the duties, under the management of the commijfioners for the affairs of taxesy therein mentioned, nor the amount of the rates and duties granted uponhorfes byfeveral of the ads of the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, nor any rate or duty whatever, to be raised by affeffmentby virtue of any ad or ads of parliaments be pa (Ted inthis present fefiion of parliament.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That cJ^*tcn the said further additional rates and duties hereby imposed as duties, aforesaid, (hall be paid over and above and in addition to the re-

fpedive rates and duties on houfes, windows, and* lights, granted by two several ads of the sixth and twenty fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, upon inhabited houfes, granted by an ad: of the nineteenth year of the reign of his Majesty, upon male fervants, granted by an ad of the twenty-fifth year of the reign -of his said Majesty, and upon coaches and other carriages, granted by two several ads of the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his said Majesty.

V.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commiffion-the commilfioners authorised or appointed, or who fhail be au- ers, &c. ap-thorifed or appointed, to put in execution the said several ads f^^ecution^ before-mentioned, relative to the said former rates or duties, or former ads any of them, on the amount of which the said additional rates relative to the or duties are hereby impofed, (hall be commilfioners for executing duties, to put this present ad, and that the several furveybrs,infpe<dors, affeffors

and collectors respectively appointed, or to Joe appointed, to put ina<^ p execution the said several ads before-mentioned, or any of them, fhail be furveyors, infpedors, affeffors, and colledors, to put in execution this present ad, according to the respective powers and authorities given to them, by the said former ads, or any of them, and the said commiftioners, and other the persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to ad in the execution of the said several ads before-mentioned, relative to the said former rates or duties, or any of them, fhail, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this ad in execution with relation to the said further additional rates or duties hereby impofed, in the Jike and in as full and ample a

manner?

 Go< le

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III.

Periods of paying the additional duty for the half year ending April 5»

afic Ament.

c. 14.  [1795.

manner, as they, or any of them, are or is authorised to put in execution the said former a<5fs, relative to the laid rates and duties, or any matters or things therein respectively contained.

VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the said additional rate or duty hereby imposed for the said half year, ending on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, shall he paid at the times and in the manner following ; (that is to fay), on the fifth day of January and the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred andminety-fix, by even and equal portions, and (hall, from and after the palling of this act, be a charge upon the respective persons addled to the payment of any of the said former rates and duties, for the year ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, (except as aforefaid), and (hall be paid by such persons refpe&ively, at the times before-mentioned ; and which collec- the respective colledlors, to whom any afielfments for the year tors of former ending the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred demand^with an<* nlnetY'^lx  delivered  for  the  purpose of collecting the

out a new " former rates or duties, according to the directions of the several acts before-mentioned, shall have full power and authority to demand, collect, and receive, the said additional rate or duty hereby imposed for the said half year, of and from the persons reflectively charged with the said former rates and duties in addition thereto, at the times and in the manner herein-before mentioned, without any new a fie Ament to be made for the fame, and to give acquittances in such manner as is directed by the said acts,'1 with relation to the said former rates and duties.

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

t w ^ That the several and respective collectors of the said former rates mate*the addi* and duties, to whom any aflefTments thereof for the year ending tional duty on the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-affe Aments  f1X) shall be delivered, fhall, on or before the fifth day of March

endinge April one  seven hundred and ninety-fix, estimate and afeer-

5,1796, and tain, according to the befi: of their skill and judgement, the

amount of the rate or duty by this a£t imposed upon every such a fie Ament, and fhall, by writing under their respective hands, certify the fame to one or more of the said commifiioners acting for the refpeeflive divisions or places in which such afiefiments shall be made, together with the names of the several persons chargeable therewith, and the amount of the said former rates and duties whereon such additional rate or duty is by this a<5fc impofed, and shall also cause two duplicates thereof to be made out and delivered to the said commifiioners in each division or place, all which certificates and duplicates thereof respectively shall be ligned by such commifiioner or commifiioners; and the said duplicates {hall be forthwith tranfmifted to such perfons, and in such and the like manner, as is directed by the said adls relative to the said former rates or duties, or any of them, with refpe£t to the duplicates of afiefiments therein mentioned.

VIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the respective surveyors or infpedtors appointed, or to be

appointed.

Collectors by March 5, 1796, to efti-

certity the fame to the com million-ers, Scc.

Surveyors to examine certificates, Sec.

597

1795*1 Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 14.

appointed, under or by virtue of the said several adis relative to the said rates and duties, or any of them, shall be, and are hereby respectively empowered and required to inspect and examine the certificates to be made of the said additional rate or duty for the said half year ending the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, before the commissioner or commif-fioners (hall have signed the fame, and to alter and amend any such certificate or certificates if they, or any of them, shall fee just cause for fo doing; and every person in whose custody such certificate shall be, is hereby required, upon the request of any such surveyor or infpe£tor as aforesaid, to produce the fame for inspection for the purpose aforefaid.

IX.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That,  5l

from and after the said fifth day of April one thousand seven Additional hundred and ninety-fix, the said further additional rate or duty dutytobe hereby imposed shall be paid quarterly in each year, on the four paidquartcrly, most usual days of payment in the year for the said duties; (that *he

is to fay,) on the filth day of ‘January, the fifth day of Aprils the tA[n the^ ^ fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, in. every year, by amount, and even and equal portions; the first payment thereof to be made certify the on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety- fame t^rthe^ fix; and upon every afiefiment to be made after the said fifth day ^s^1ICl 10n of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, under or by virtue of the said acts, or either of them, the assessors appointed, or to be appointed, to make such afTefiments, and in their default the respective surveyors and infpedlors appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of the said leveral a6ls before-mentioned, or any of them, shall ascertain the amount of the said further additional rate or duty hereby impofed, and shall certify and return the fame upon such afTefiments to the respective commissioners authorised to put the said a<Sts in execution, at their respective meetings to beheld for returning such afTefiments in all and every the respective counties, (hires, ftew3rtries, ridings, divifions, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places reflectively ; which said further additional rate or duty, fo certified, shall be added to the amount of the former afiefied rates and duties, and shall be collected, raifed, levied, and received, under the rules, regulations, and diredlions, prescribed by the said former a£ts, subject nevertheless to such proportional increase or abatement in the amount thereof as shall be neceiTary, in cafe the said former rates or duties fo afiefied shall be increased or diminished by any surcharge thereupon, or appeal therefrom, in pursuance of the said former a£ls.

X.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Additional the several rates or duties by this a£t imposed upon the amount duties t° be of the several former rates and duties as aforesaid, shall and may &c. as former be refpe£tively afcertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, duties.

paid over, and accounted for, under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such general rules, methods, and directions, by which all the former rates and duties on the amount of which the said additional rates or duties are by this

QJ^.3  aa

59S  Annoregni  tricesimo  fecto  Georgii III. c. 14. [1795.

a£l: impofed, or according to such special rules, methods, and dire&ions, by which such of the former rates and duties, upon the amount of which any of the said additional rates or duties may be chargeable by virtue of this a£t, were or might be afeertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the said rules, methods, and diredtions, are expressly varied by this a£t; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, contained in any at or ats of parliament relative to the said former rates and duties, or any of them now in force, and not hereby other-wife provided for the computing, furcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for, the said rates and duties by any former ats granted, as far as the fame are applicable to the additional rates or duties by this at impofed, and not repugnant to the particular diretions of this at, (hall be in full force, and be duly obferved, pratifed, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for computing, furcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for, the several additional rates and duties by this at granted, as fully and efFetually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enated in .  the body of this present at.

carried to the XI. And he lt further enated by the authority aforesaid, consolidated That all monies arifmg by the said rates and duties, (the fund.  necefTary charges of railing and accounting for the fame ex-

cepted,) {hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, and {hall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

XII.  Provided always, and be it further enated, That the defraying the monies arising or to arise of the duty hereby granted, or fo much increased thereof as {hall be fufficient, {hall be deemed an addition made charge occa- to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge loarfof^this0^ occa^lone<^ hy any loan to be raised by virtue of any at or ats session and Pahed or to be passed in this session of parliament, and that the for ioV^ars, said monies {hall, during the space of ten years next enfuing, be to be kept paid into the said receipt, diftintly and apart from all other with other branches of the publickrevenue ; and that there {hall be provided f^the^fame anc^ kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during purpose fepa- the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the rate from monies arifmg from the said duty, and paid into the said receipt, other monies, £hal], together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

CAP,

 C^ooQle

599

1795'] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii JII. c.

CAP. XV.

/n aft for granting to bis Majtfly now duties on certain horse sy not charged with duty by any other act or adis of parliament, and on mules.—[DeCv 24, 1795].

Mofl gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty’s mofl dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the Preamble, commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue, as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised by viitue of any aft for that purpose to be passed in this fefTion of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the new duties here-in-after mentioned ; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after From April 5, the fifth day of April one thouland seven hundred and ninety-fix, ^e^aid a*nnu there shall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the ally*for every kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the uie of his Majesty, horse not his heirs and fuccefTors, for every horfe, mare, or gelding, not chargeable charged with any duty by the several acts passed in the twenty- under24 Geo. fourth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, Geo^ c!^/, or either of them, or by any aft to be passed in this session of par- or by any aft liament, on horses kept and used for the purpose of riding, or for of this feflion, the purpose of drawing any carriage, therein respectively men-  everF

tioned, and for every mule, a duty of two (hillings; to be paid by the owner,

II.  And be it further enafted, That, for the better aflefling, Duties to be levying, collefting, and paying, the before-mentioned duties by under the ma-this aft: impofed, the commissioners authorised or appointed, °r who shall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in floners for execution the afts relative to the present duties on houfes, and taxes; windows or lights, and inhabited houfes, or any other duties placed under the management of the commissioners for ,the affairs of taxes, shall be commissioners for executing this present aft, with relation to the aforesaid duties, and the powers herein contained, in all and Angular the counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, divifions, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpeftively, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and that the and the fur-feveral furveyors, infpeftors, afleflors, and collectors refpeftively,  before

appointed to put in execution the said several afts before men- mentioned tioned, or any of them, shall be furveyors, infpeftors, afleflors, afts, to put and colleftors, to put in execution this present aft, according to thisexecu-the respective powers and authorities given to them by the said tlon* former afts, or any of them; and the said commiflioners, and other theperfons aforesaid,being duly qualified to aft in the exe-

<^(^4  cution



;y 

Duties to be paid quarterly.

6§a  Aririo  iregni  triciefimo  sexto  Georgii III. c. 15. [1795-

cution of the said several afts before-mentioned, relative to the feid former rates or duties, or any of them, (hall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this aft in execution* with relation to the aforesaid rates or duties hereby impofed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner, as they or any of them are or is authorised to put in execution the said former afts, relative to the said rates and duties, or any matters or things therein respectively contained.

III.  And be it further enafted. That the aforesaid duties fo to be afTeffed under this aft shall be paid quarterly, at the times and in the manner following; (that is to fay), on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Oftobef) in every year, by equal portions; the lirft of the said payments to be made on the fifth day of July one thou-fand seven hundred and ninety-fix.

AfFeflors to IV\ And be it further enafted, That the several perfohs to be give notice to appointed afi'effots as aforefaid* (ball, within fourteen days after prepare^Hftsof ^*uc^ ^cir aPP°intrnent? yearly give or leave notice in writing* horses kept in to or for every person keeping any horfe, mare, or gelding, not the course of charged with any other duty as aforesaid, or any rilule, within the year end- the limits of the places for which such assessors are to aft, at his cediVg fth of or ^er ^Welling house or place of abode, to prepare and produce* April, liable within the space of fourteen days next ensuing the day of giving totheprefent such notice, one lift, in writing* which lift in writing, (over and or former du- besides the number of horfes, carriages, and fervants, liable to stich as^re  ^ut*es  on horfes* carriages* and fervants, refpeftively* and of

claimed to be t^e persons residing or inhabiting in any such dwelling houfe* exempted^ who (hall have worn or used hair powder), shall contain the great-eft number of horfes, mares, and geldings, not charged as aforesaid, and also of mules, of whatever age, and whether in use ot not, by him or her had or kept in the course of the year, ending on such preceding fifth day of April as aforefaid* distinguishing therein the number of such horfes, mares, geldings* and mules, liable to the duty of two (hillings hereby imposed and the number of horses kept and used by him or her, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing* liable to the said former duties* and upon which additional duties are by any aft to be passed in this feftioh of parliament impofed* and also such horfes, mares, and geldings, as are claimed to be exempted from the said duty by the particular provisions of this aft ; and every such person Sveredmh6' fhall> after such notice fo given or left, make out the said lift aflcffors,° C accordingly, and sign the fame with his or her own hand, and deliver the ftlme, or cause the fame to be delivered, to such affef-for or afleffors, at any time after the expiration of fourteen days from the said notice being given, when he or they shall call for the fame, or in default thereof* shall leave the fame at the place mentioned in the said notice* as the abode of any of the affeffors* within ten days after such affeffor or afieffors shall have fo called if lifts be not for the fame; and if any such person shall neglect or refuse to make delivered, the out) fign? and deliver, such lift within the time before-mentioned, then such affeffor or afieffors fhall, from the best information

Lifts to be

affeflors to

i'795-l Anno fegni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 15.  601

tnation he or they can obtain, make an afteffment upon such per- afTefs the de-fon fo refusing or negledting, for or in respect of every horfe, mare, gelding* or mule, kept by him or her as aforesaid ; and forrruuicn ob-every such affeffrnent fo made upon any such neglect or refufal, tained, which {hall be final and conclusive upon the person thereby charged, frail be final, who shall not be at liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such perfcm shall prove that he or (he was not at his or her dwelling house or a^fenC€ place of abode at the time of the delivery of such notice, nor between that day and the time limited for delivering such lift as aforesaid to the affeffor, or unless such person (hall allege and prove such other excuse for not having delivered his or her lift as the commissioners for executing this a£f (hail in their judgement think reasonable and fufficient.

V.  And be it further enacted, That such afteffors as aforesaid AflMTbrs not {hall not be bound by such lifts as (hall be delivered to them *0 refpedively, in pursuance of this ad, but dial 1 be at liberty, if vertV but* they (hall find upon due examination that any horfe, mare, geld- may surcharge ing, or mule, liable to the duties by this adfimpofed, is omitted, omitfions.

to surcharge the fame, and make a true alTeftment upon every person within their respective districts of the real number of such cattle kept by each such perfon.

VI.  And be it further enaded, That where any person liable Per/ons not under the directions herein-before contained to deliver such lift ^

ias aforesaid to the afteftor or afiefiors, shall refuse or negled, forfeit ioi. within the time herein-before prefcribed, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such lift to such afteftor or afteffors, he or file, fo refusing or negleding, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered by action or information in his Majesty’s court of exchequer at IVejhninjhr, for offences committed in England, and for offences committed in Scotland, in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, in which action or information no effoin, protedion, privilege, wager of law, or more  y

than one imparlance shall be allowed; and one moiety of every such Application of penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs or *0liclture* fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cods of fuit, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the fame.

VII.  And be it further enaded, That in all cafes where any Surcharges afteftor or surveyor or infpedor (hall make a surcharge upon any

perfon , for or in respect of any horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, ^uty^'and omitted to be inserted in any such Jiff, such surcharge shall be the periods made after the rate of double the duty for every horfe, mare, making them gelding, or mule, fo omitted, and the afteftor, furveyor, or in- entritled to a fpedor, fo making such furcharge, {hall be and is hereby entitled m01ttV to, and shall have and receive for his own ufe, one moiety of the sum charged by every surcharge which shall be justly made upon any stich lift*

VIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That the several rates or duties by this ad imposed shall and may Duties'to ht be afeertained, managed, colleded, paid, recovered, paid over, ^^^^former and accounted for, under such penalties, forfeitures, and diiabi- duties.

Jities, and according to such general rules, methods, and directions,



6o2

A & not to extend to horses let for hire by licensed per ion t:;

nor to horses under 13 h^.ncls. or not having been ridden* or used for draught.

Horfes for whom exemption is claimed to be included iii lift, and on demand to be produced for examination } and if not produced, or if found not to be exempted, the owner to be fur-

Anno regni tricelimo sexto Georgii IIT* c. 15, [1795.

tions, by which the rates and duties on horses kept and used for the purpose of riding, or for the purpole of drawing, are or may be afcertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for, except as far as any of the said rules, methods, and directions, are expressly varied by this a£t; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, contained in any act or aCts of parliament, relative to the laid rates and duties on horses kept and used for the purposes aforesaid, or any of them now in force, and not hereby otherwise provided for the furcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for, the said rates and duties by any former aCts granted, as far as the fame are applicable to the rates or duties by this aCi impofed, and not repugnant to the particular direel ions of this act, {hall be in full force, and duly obferved, praCtifed, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for furcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for, the several rates and duties by this act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaCted in the body of this present a6t.

IX.  Provided always, and be it further enaefed, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said duties, any horfe, mare, or gelding, let to hire for travelling post by the mile, or from stage to ftage, or let to hire for a day or less period of time, by any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perlon licensed for that purpose by the com-mifiioners appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

X.  Provided alfo, and be it further enaCfed, That nothing in this act contained {hall extend, or be construed to extend, to any horfe, mare, or gelding, under the height of thirteen hands, of four inches to each hand, nor to any horfe, mare, or gelding, which {hall not at any time whatever, preceding the time of making the, assessment for that year, have been ridden, or used as a draught horfe, or for the purpose of carrying any burthen, and of which horfes, mares, or geldings, an account {hall be given as herein is mentioned, at the time of the delivery of lifts of horses liable to the said duties; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI.  And be it further ena<51ed, That every horfe, mare, or gelding, notwithstanding any claim of exemption from the said duty by virtue of this a£t, {hall be enumerated and included in the lifts of the number of horses kept by any perfon, and required to be made and returned annually, as herein is mentioned, under the title of horses exempted from duty; and that the owner or owners thereof {hall, upon demand made, produce, or cause to be produced, such horfe, mare, or gelding, to the afteftor or afle/iors, Purveyor or furveyors, inspector or infpeetors, of the said duty, or at any meeting of the commissioners for putting the several acts relative to the several duties on horfes, or any of them, m

execu-

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. t

execution, to be admeafured or otherwise examined, as the cafe charged don-may require, refpebling all or any of the particulars before-men- ble the duty’, tioned; and if the said owner or owners fbail neglect or refute, on demand being made, to produce such horfe, mare, or gelding, for which such exemption as aforesaid shall be claimed to the affefTor or affeffors, surveyor or furveyors, infpeblor or in-fpeblors, of the said rate or duty, or to the said commitiioners aforesaid, to be admeafured or otherwise examined as the cafe may' require, or if upon such adm'eafurement or examination, such horfe, mare, or gelding, (hall not be found to be within the particular exemption claimed as aforesaid, every such owner or owners (hall be liable to and shall be surcharged with double the fair! rate or duty by this a cl imposed on every horfe, mare, or gelding, kept as aforesaid, and shall not be relieved from such furcharge, or any part thereof, unless it shall be made appear to the said commift on-ers, by examination on oath, on appeal before them, that such horfe, mare, or gelding, for which such exemption is claimed, was duly inserted in the lift delivered of horses kept by such owner or owners, according to the direblionsof this abl, and that such owner or owners ought not to have been rated or affeffed

for such horfe, mare, or gelding, within the intent and meaning of this abb

XII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That all monies arising by the said rates and duties (the necessary £>ut}es to be charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) fhali carried to the from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s ex- consolidated chequer, and shall be carried to and made part of the confoli- lunc** dated fund.

XIII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled. That the Duties to be monies arifing, or to arife, of the said duties, or fo much thereof applied in as shall be fufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the

revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occa- charge occa-ftoned by any loan to be raised by virtue of any abl or abts palled, ficned by any or to be palfed, in this session of parliament; and that the said lo in of this monies {hall, during the space of ten years next enfuing, be paid  a”^rg

into the said receipt, diftincily and apart from all other branches ^th^ther1^8*

• of the publick revenue ; and that there shall be provided and kept rhnit-s Rrant-in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said ed for the fame period of ten years, a book or books in which- all the monies purpose, kept arising from the said duty, and paid into the said receipt, fhal], othcr^onit^ together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this felhon of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. XV I.

An aft for granting to his Majesty fever al additional duties on horses kept for the purpose of riding, or dravAng certain carriages, therein mentioned*—[Dec* 24, 179S^ ]

Moft

604 Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 16. [1795.

Moft gracious Sovereign*

Preamble* IT7 E, your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeefts, the com-W mons of Great Britain in parliament alfembled, towards 1-aifing the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as {hall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be rat fed by virtue of any a (ft or a£ls for that purpose to be palled in this section of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the ad-‘ ditional duties herein-after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enaefted ; and be it enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aiTembled, and by the authority of the 179s'theaddil ^ame> That, from and after the fifth day of April one thou land tional duties seven hundred and ninety-fix, there {hall be raifed, levied, col-following to ledled, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto he paid on and for the use 0f h*is Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, the several for ridingf duties following ; (that is to fay,)

&c.

Duties.  That  every  person who {hall keep and use any horfe, mare, or

gelding, for the purpose of riding,' or for the purpose of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh, chaife, or any other carriage, by whatever name such carriage is now or hereafter may be called or known, (for or in refpeeft whereof any rate or duty heretofore under the management of the commissioners of the excife, and now transferred to and under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes is payable,) {hall be charged with the further additional annual duty of ten {hillings for each such horfe, mare, or gelding :

That every person who {hall keep two borfes, mares, or geldings, and no more, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh, chaife, or any other such carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever name such carriage now is, or hereafter may be called or known, {hall be charged with a further additional annual duty of five (hillings for one of such horfes, mares, or geldings:

That every person who shall keep and use three, four, or five, horfes, mares, or geldings, and no more, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh, chaife, or any other such carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever name such carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, ihall.be charged with a further additional duty of seven {hillings and sixpence for each such horfe, mare, or gelding, exceeding the number of one :

That every person who shall keep and use fix or more horfes, mares, or geldings, for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calafh, chaife, or any other such carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever name such *  v  car*

 Googl

605

1795-1 Anno regn#1 tricesimo sexto Georgix III. c. 16.

carriage now is or hereafter may t>e called or known, (hall be charged with a further additional annual duty of ten (hillings for each such horfe, mare, or gelding, exceeding the number of one.

II.  And be it further enadted, That, for the better affeffing, Duties to be levying, collecting, and paying, the before-mentioned duties by umUrthema. this act impofed, the commissioners authorised or appointed, or who (hall be hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in flontrs*for ** execution the aCts relative to the present duties on hoitfes and taxes, Scc. windows or lights, and inhabited hotifes, or any other duties placed under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, shall be commissioners for executing this present act -with relation to the aforesaid duties, and the powers herein contained, in all and singular the counties, (hires, ffewartrics, ridings, divifions, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpeCtlvely, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and that the several furveyors, infpedlors, affeffors, and colledlors, respectively appointed to put in execution the said several aCts before mentioned, cr any of them, (hall be furveyors, infpc&ors, affeffors, and collectors, to put in execution this present adt according to the respective powers and authorities given to them by the said former aCts, or any of them \ and the said commissioners and other the persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to act in the execution of the said several aCts before mentioned, relative to the faiJ former rates or duties, or any of them, (hall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this act in execution, with relation to the aforesaid rates or duties hereby impofed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner, as they or any of them are or is authorised to put in execution the said former acts relative to the said rates and duties, or any matters or things therein respectively contained.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties to be the several rates or duties before-mentioned, (hall and may be fo^er*duties respectively afeertained, managed, colledled, paid, recovered, paid on i^)rfes< over, and accounted for, at such times and under such penalties, and the a&s forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such ge-neral rules, relating to methods, and directions, and subject to such provisoes and ex- tend tothU* emptions by which the former rates and duties on horses were or a(c^ might be aicertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted for; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters,, and things, contained in any act or acts of parliament relative to the said former rates and duties on horfes, or any of them, now in force for the furcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for, the said rates and duties by any former aCis granted, as far as the fame are applicable to the rates or duties by this act impofed, and not repugnant to the particular directions of this aCt,

(hall be in full force, and duly obferved, praCtifed, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for furcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for, the several rates and duties by this a Cl granted, as fully, and effectually to all intents

and

6o6

24 Geo. 3. c. 31.

29. Geo. 3. c 49. and this a<5t not to extend to charge any non-commiffioned officers and privates of yeoman cavalry, for keeping one horfr, &c.

Commanding officers of fueh yeomen cavalry, to make out a certificate annually before April 20, of what non-ccmmiffioned officers and privates have attended exer-cife the preceding fix weeks, to be delivered to the surveyor loathe diftridt.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgti III. c. 16. [1795*

and purpoles as if the fame powers* authorities, rules, directions* penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-ena£led in the body of this present adl.

IV.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the a6fs of the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty certain duties on horfes, mares, and geldings, kept and used for the pur-pole of riding, or for the purpose of dra ving any carriage, therein mentioned, or in this add, or any of them, (hall extend, or be conflruea to extend, to charge with the duties by the said several ac>s, or any of them, impofed, any non-commiffioned officer or effective private man, serving in any regiment, corps, or troop, of yeomanry cavalry, raised by virtue of an act of the thirty-fourth year of his said Majesty’s reign, intituled, An eft for encouraging and difcipUnitig such corps or companies of men, as/hall voluntarily enroll them]elves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coajls, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the present war, for one horle, mare, or gelding, kept and used by them jrefpedlively for the purposes aforesaid, or either of them; but that every such non-commiffioned officer and effedtive private man relpecVively, keeping one such horfe, mare, or gelding only, (hall be wholly exempt from the said duties during his continuance in the laid fcrvice; and that every such non-commiffioned officer and private man refpedf ively, keeping more than one such horfe, mare, or gelding, (hall, during his continuance in such fervice, be affieffied and charged according to the rates in the said several adds and this act preferibed, for one horfe, mare, or gelding, Id's than the number of horfes, mares, or geldings, by him kept and used as aforesaid ; any thing therein respectively contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enadted, That, in order to exempt the non-commiffioned officers and private men, serving in such regiments, corps, or troops, every commanding officer of any such regiment, corps, or troop, (hall annually, before the twentieth day of April in each year, during the continuance cf the;faid adtof the thirty-fourth year aforesaid, make out his certificate of all non-commiffioned officers and effective private men, containing their refpedtivc names and places of abode, who (hall, for the space of fix weeks immediately preceding the date of such certificate, have pundlually attended at all such places as shall have been agreed upon for the exercise of such regiment, corps, or troop; and that such certificate, signed by such commanding officer, (hall be delivered to the surveyor of the said duties acting for the district where such regiment, corps, or troop shall ferve, with an affidavit annexed thereto, verifying the iignature of the said commanding officer; and provided alfo, that every such non-commiffioned officer and private man, claiming to be exempted as aforesaid, shall be inserted and deferred in the said certificate of such commanding officer, as an effedbive man in adbual service as aforefaid.

VI.  And

ly95.] Anno regni tricesimo iexto Georgii III. c. 17.  7

VL And be it further enacted, That no person occupying Perfons tent-a farm, the rent of which (hall be less than seventy pounds a year,  per

and making a livelihood solely thereby, shall be chargeable with or occu-any of the duties by this a£l imposed for or on account of anv pying their horfe, mare, or gelding, being occasionally used in riding, and own etfau-s ^ that no person occupying his own estate folely, or his own estate together with a farm, the value of which, in the whole, shall be t'herunder 70?. less than equivalent to a farm of the rent of seventy pounds a p?r inn not year, (reckoning the value of every such ellate occupied by the liable to duty owner thereof as equivalent to double the like amount of the rent ^',]}«■ ofanyrented farm,) and making a livelihood solely by such ellate, for or by such estate and farm jointly, shall be chargeable with any riding, of the duties impofed, either by this adl, or by the said several acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth of his prefect Majesty, for or on account of any horfe, mare, or gelding, being occasionally used in riding, provided in every such cafe refpedtively, that such horfe, mare, or gelding, be bona fide kept and usually employed for the purposes of hufbandry; any rhing in the said recited adls,or in this adt, to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authori ty aforefaid. That Duties to be all monies arising by the said rates and duties before-mentioned,

(the neceftary charges of raising and accounting for the fame func^ excepted,) fhail from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, and shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

VIII.  Provided always, and be it further enadled, That the Duties to be monies arifing, or to arise of the several duties before-mentioned,

or fo much thereof as shall be fufheient, shall be deemed an inavafed " addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the chargeocca-increafed charge occasioned by any loan, by virtue of any a cl or fioned by any adls palled, or to be palled in this fefiion of parliament, and that the said monies fhall, during the space of ten years next enfuing, years, with be paid into the hid receipt, diftincftly and apart from all other other duties branches of the pubiick revenue ; and that there shall be pro- granted for vided and kept in^the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which all £ept*iep <r ire the monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said from all other receipt, fhall, together with the monies arising from any other monies, rates and duties granted in,this felfion of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefly, his heirs or fuccefTors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. XVII.

An aft for repealing the duties on licences to per fins ufmg or excerciftng the bufmejs of an horse dealer, and granting new duties in lieu thereof—[Dec. 24, 1795.]

Moll



Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c* 17. [1795,

Mo ft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the duties impofed, by an aft of the twenty fourth year of the reign of his prefen i Majejly, on persons using and exercising the trade and buji-nefs cf an horse dealer, and who shall take out a licence to use and exercise the trade mid buftnefs of an horse dealer, and to grant new duties in lieu thereof \ we, your Ma jelly’s mofl dutiful and loyal fubjebts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembied, as well for the purpose aforesaid as towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expenccs, and making stich permanent addition to the publick revenue as {ball be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised by virtue of any a61 or abts for that purpose, in this fefllon of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein-after mentioned; and do mod humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enabled by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and Present duties the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, horfeerfeal®rs an^ cornrnons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the toceafc ~ authority of the fame, That the several duties on persons using and exercising the trade and business of an horse dealer, and who ill all take out a licence to use and exercise the trade and business of an horse dealer, imposed by an abl of the twenty-fourth year' of the reign of his present Majesty, (hall, from and after the palling of this abl, cease and determine, save and except in all cafes relating to the recovering of any arrears, which may remain unpaid, of the laid duties on licences hereby repealed, and to the accounting for the fame; and save and except all licences granted and in force at and immediately before the palling of this abl; and that, from and after the palling of this abl, all the powers and authorities given and granted, and the rules and regulations eftablilhed and preferibed by the said abl, in relation to the managing, fecuring, afeertaining, collebling, recovering,

■ levying, and paying, the said duties on licences, and all penalties and forfeitures in refpebl thereof, {hall cease and determine, save and except any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon, or at any time before, the pasting of this abl.

Horfe dealers II. And be it further enabled, That every person using and exercising the trade or business of an horse dealer within the city annual licence London, or the city or liberties of JVeftminJler, the weekly duty of 20I. bills of mortality, the parifties of Saint Mary-le-bone or Saint and without Pancras in the county of Middlefex, or the borough of Southwark j-ouuon, vcc. jn tjie county 0f Surrey, and who {hall take out a licence to use and exercise the said trade and business of an horse dealer, {hall yield and pay annually, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors, the sum of twenty pounds; .and that every person using and exercising the said trade or business of an horfq dealer without the city of London, the city and liberties of Weft-minjler> the weekly bills of mortality, the parifties of Saint

, Mary*

Preamble.

1795*] Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 17.  609

Mary-le-bone and Saint Pancras in the county of Middleffex, and the borough of Southwark in the county of Surrey, and who'fhall take out a licence to use and exercise the said trade and business of an horse dealer, shall yield and pay annually to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceiTors, the sum of ten pounds.

III.  And, for the belter arid more effectually raffing, levying, Duties to be collecting, and paying, the said duties hereby granted on licences, unc^er ^ie be it enacled, That the fame shall be under the government, care, the com -and management, of the commissioners for the time being ap- miffioners for pointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parch- ftamps. ment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such officers under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as shall be neceffary, and to provide and use such marks or stamps as they shall think fit, to denote the duties, and to repair, renew, and alter the fame, from time to time, as they shall fee occafion, and to do all other matters and things necessary to be done for pu tting this a£t in execution, with relation to the said duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any of the laws now in being concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

IV.  And be it further enabled, That, from and after the Two commif-paffing of this a£I, any two or more of his Majesty’s commif- fionersmay iioners appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped |!^nt licences> vellum, parchment, or paper, or fome:perfon duly authorised by them, or any three or more of them, shall grant licences to such persons who shall use and exercise the trade and business of an horse dealer, in any city, town, or other place, within Great Britain, to use and exercise the fame within such city, town, or place, for any space of time as herein-afrer mentioned, not exceeding one year; and every such licence shall cease and deter- Period of mine on the twenty-ninth day of September in the year for which licences, the fame shall be ilfued; and every such licence taken out for the year in which the fame shall be issued fhall.be in force until and upon the twenty-ninth day of September then next following, and shall commence from the date thereof; and every such licence taken out for any year subsequent to the year in which the fame shall be iffued, shall commence from the twenty-ninth day of September then next enfuing, and continue in force until and upon the twenty-ninth day of September in the succeeding year; and that every such person shall take out a fresh licence Licences to for another year, ten days at least before the expiration of that ^ ^aysVbefore year for which he shall have been licenfed, if he shall continue to expiration, use and exercise the said trade and business of an horse dealer ; and shall in like manner renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due on such licence, as long as he shall continue to use and exercise the said trade and business of an horse dealer.

Vol. XL.  Rr  V-  And

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 17. [1795.

V. And be it further enabled, That per Tons carrying on their trade and bufinels of an horse dealer in partnerfhip, (hall not be obliged to take out more than one licence, in any one year, for carrying on such trade or business ; and that no one licence, which lhall be granted by virtue of this abl, fllall aulhorife or empower any perfun or persons to whom the fame (hall be granted, to keep any horse or horses for sale in any other city, town, or place, than the city, town, or place, which lhall be mentioned in such licence.

The words VI. And be it further enabled. That every person exer-li«eenfed,^&c. cifing the trade and business of an horse dealer, and who shall phaces^lieenfed ^ave t l^cen out a licence for that purpose, (hall cause the words for sale of Licenfed to deal in Horfes, to be painted or written in large and legible charablers, either on a sign hung out, or on some vifible

6lO

One licence fufficie'nt for partners.

Licence to be confined to the place mentioned therein.

horfes, on penalty of lol.

Perfons dealing in horses after Jan. i, 1796, not having a

place in the front of his or their houfe, gateway, or {tables, at the refpeblive places at which he or they keep such horses for fale, to denote that such person is a dealer in horfes, and licensed for that purpose; and if any perfon, fo licensed as aforesaid, (hall presume to fell any horfe, without fixing or hanging out such token as aforesaid, every licensed horse dealer fo offending fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the futn of ten pounds, to be recovered by abtion of debt or information, in his Majefly*s court of exchequer at Wejtminjler for offences committed in England, and for offences committed in Scotland, in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh; to be paid, one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the fame.

VII. And be it further enabled. That every person using or excerfing the trade or business of an horse dealer, (not having a licence to use or exercise the said trade and business under the abl of the twenty-fourth year of his present Majedy’s reign, and licence now in in force,) who fhall, after the firffc day of January one thousand torce,^ without seven hundred and ninety-fix, carry on the said trade and bufi-agreeable to ne& an horse dealer, without having obtained a licence for this a<51, liable that purpose under the direbtions of this abl, shall be liable to be to the duties assessed to all and every the duties imposed by the a bis of the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth years of his present Majesty’s reign, and by any abl or abls to be palled in this fefiion of parliament, on horses used for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any carriage, in the said abls or any of them mentioned, for the greatest number of horfes, mares, and geldings, kept by such dealer in horses at 2ny one time within the year, for which a lid is direbled by the laid feverai abls, or this abl, to be delivered, in such manner and under such rules and regulations as the said lad-mentioned duties are therein, or by any other abl or abls of parliament, direbled to be, aflefled; and that all penalties and forfeitures for not delivering lids of such horfes, and all powers of correcting and amending such lids, and of furcharging the fame, shall extend and be applied to all such dealers in horfes, not being licensed as aforesaid, as amply and fully as to "any other person or persons whatever.

VIII. And

on riuing or

carriage

horfes.



J795*3 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III.c. 17.  6rr

VIII. And be it further enabled, That all the several powers, Powers of 29 rules, directions, and provifions, contained in th^ act of the

Geo. 3, c.

twenty-ninth year of his present Majeity’s reign, in relation to to licences to licences granted to persons using and exercifmg the trade and deal in horfes, business of an horse dealer, shall continue and be in full force in to extend to relation to licences to be granted to perlbns using and exercifmg thisad:. the laid trade and business under or by virtue of this abl, as fully and effeblually as if the fame had been particularly repeated and re-enabled in this ach

IX.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That

all the monies arising from the said duties herein-before granted ^iver^eneraf on licences, and all arrears of the rates and duties hereby repealed, of (lamps, and fhall, from and after the pafiing of this abl, be paid from time to by him into time into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of the exclie~ the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall ^uer* pay the fame (the neceftary charges of raising and accounting for the fame being deducted) into his Majesty’s receipt of exchequer at iVeJlminfter, at such time and in such manner as the other duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid, and the fame shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund; and that, from and after the palling of this^°jet^°^ a61, out of the monies that shall be paid into the said receipt cf apart^or io^ the said duties on licences hereby impofed, and arrears of duties years, and the hereby repealed, one moiety of the duties hereby repealed shall other moiety quarterly, on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the f° be applied fifth day of July> and the tenth day of Oflober, in every year, ^y Legaled during the period of ten years, be fet apart from the other moiety charge occa-of the said monies; and that, after setting apart at the end of honed bv any each such quarter, one moiety of the said monies arising or to arise of the said duties by this abl impofed, the other moiety, or l£ 10n>  *

fo much thereof as shall be fuffi-cient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan made by virtue of any ad or abb to be palled in this session of parliament; and that the said laft-mentioned moiety of the said monies fhall, during the space of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the said receipt diftinbfly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept, at the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the laid period of ten years, a book or books, in which the said laft-mentioned moiety of the monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt, fhall, together with the monies arising from any other rates or duties granted in this fefiion of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered leparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, on any account whatever.

X.  And be it further enabled, That if any ablion or fuit shall Limitations of be brought against any person or persons for any thing done in actions, pursuance of this abl, such ablion or fuit shall be commenced

within fix months next after the fabt committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the caufe

R R 2  of

in relation

6-1 z  Anno regni tricesimo fcxto Georgii III. c. 18. [1795.

of complaint did arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every such action or fuit, may plead the general General ifluc. iQue, and give this aft and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or fuit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his or their action or fuit after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given again ft the plaintiff" Treble coils. Gr plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant hath in other cafes to recover costs bylaw.

CAP. XVIII.

An a 51 for the reduction of the drawbacks and bounties now allowed on the exportation of fugar—[Dec. 24, 1795*]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. 1I7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the VV commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being desirous of making provision for raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making such addition to the publick revenue as (hall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised bv virtue of any aft or afts for that purpose to be pafied in this session of parliament; and being of opinion that it is expedient, under the present cir-cumftances, that the drawbacks and bounties, now payable by law on the exportation of fugar, should be reduced: do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the Part of present authority of the fame, That, from and after the twentieth day drawbacks on Qf December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, of the fugaTt^ceafe drawbacks now allowed by law on the exportation from Great from certain Britain of any fugar, in the fame ftatc in which it was imported periods.  from foreign parts, four Shillings for each and every hundred

weight of such fugat shall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable to the exporter or exporters thereof: That, from and after the thirty-firft day of January one thousand (even hundred and ninety-fix, of the drawbacks or bounties, how allowed by law on the exportation from Great Britain of any refined sugar called Bajlards, or any ground or powdered fugar, or refined loaf sugar broken in pieces, or sugar called Candy, four shillings for each and every hundred weight of such sugar shall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable to the exporter or exporters thereof: and that, from and after the said thirty-firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, of the drawbacks or bounties, now allowed by law on the exportation from Great Britain of any other refined fugar, seven shillings for each and every hundred weight of sugar lhalj ceafe, determine.

1795-J Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 18.

mine, and be no longer paid or payable to the exporter or ex-

613

porters thereof: provided always, That nothing herein contained Ad not to shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to reduce the drawback pXtei!^xtO0r|. now allowed by law on sugar exported to Ireland, in the fame cf{0 Ireland date in which it was imported into Great Britain from foreign intheftateit parts.  was imported

II.  And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pa fling ^^9reat of this ad, out of the monies arising from the rates and duties ^ lt Qp*tbe upon sugar imported into Great Britain, the sum of two hundred duties on and eighty thousand and twenty-nine pounds eighteen shillings sugar a sum and eight'pence halfpenny, being one fourth part of the sum of to be fet apart * one million one hundred and twenty thousand one hundred and  and

nineteen pounds fourteen shillings and ten-pence, the annual the remainder average produce for three years, ending the fifth day of January with other one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, of the said rates and duties granted duties upon fugar, shall quarterly, on the fifth day of January, f°r Payjngany the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of cha^ge^cca-Gftober, in every year, during the period of ten years, be fet honed by any apart from the remainder of the monies arising from the said rates loan of this aud duties ; and that the said remainder of the laid rates and-duties f^°ate^from fhall, during the said period of ten years, be paid into the receipt ot\ier monies, of his Majefiy’s exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches of-the publick revenue; and that the said remainder of the said rates and duties fo paid into the said receipt, or fo much thereof as shall be fufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by the loan to be made by virtue of any ad or ads to be palled in this session of parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which the said remainder of the monies arising from the said rates and duties fhall, together with the monies arising from any other rates or duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying luch increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majeftv, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That When re ductile reduction of drawbacks and bounties, directed by this ad tion of draw-to be made upon the exportation from Great Britain of any sugar hackfhadtake of the several deferiptions herein mentioned, shall apply, take " effed, and be put in execution, on all such sugar which shall be shipped or laden on board any (hip in Great Britain at any time after the twentieth day of December one thousand leven hundred and ninety-five, and the thirty-firft day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, refpedively.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for determining the present alloivancesfor waste on fait carried c oaf wife, and for reducing the refpelHve times of payment of tin duties on fait.—[December 24, 1795*]

R r 7  Mofl

Preamble,

From Jan. 5,

1 796, the allowances for waste of white or rock fait carried coast wife to ceafe.

Duties on white and rock fait, and on foreign fait imported, to be paid as herein fpeci-hed.

Out of the fait duties a sum to be let apart quarterly for 10 years, and, with other duties granted for paying any increased charge occa-fioned by any Joan of this

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 19. [1795.

Moll gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty’s mod dutiful, and loyal fubjefls, the commons of Great Britain in parliament afibmbled, being desirous of raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and of making such permanent additon to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occa-fioned by any loan to be raised by virtue of any adfor acts for that pc'pofe to be pafied in this feifion of parliament, have freely and voluntarily refolved, that certain allowances now made for wade on white and rock fait carried coaftwife, from one port of England or Wales, or the port of Berwick upon Tweed, to any port of England or IEales, or Berwick upon Tweed, dial I cease and determine; and alio that the respective times now allowed by law for the payment of the duties on fait, be {educed, whereby a considerable saving will be made in your Majesty’s revenue on fait ; do mod humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, the allowances now made, or directed to be made, by law for wade, to persons who shall ship any white fait or rock fait to be carried coastwise as aforefpid, shall cease and determine ; and that then and from thenceforth all the powers, rules, and directions, for making, ascertaining, and paying, such allowances contained in any adc or acts of parliament, shall aifo cease and determine.

II.  And be it further enadted, That in all cafes where by the former laws relating to the duties on fait, the time for payment of the duties on white fait is appointed to be nine months, there shall be allowed three months and no more ; and where the time for the payment of the duties 0:1 rock fait is appointed to be twelve months, there shall be allowed four months and no more; and where the time for payment of the duties on foreign fait imported, is appointed to be fix months, there (hall be allowed two months and no more; and that the iecurities and difeount for prompt payment, after the said fifth day o{January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, shall be regulated accordingly.

III.  And be it further ena&ed, That out of the monies arising by the duties on fait, after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, the sum cf eight thousand pounds* being one fourth part of the sum of thirty-two thousand pounds, the annual average produce upon an account taken for' three years, ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, of the monies paid on account of allowances for wafte, and of the difference between the difcqunt heretofore allowed, by reason of the length of time given for payment thereof and that which is provided by this a£I, shall quarterly, on the fifth day of Janaury, the fifth day of Apri!y the fifth day of

July

1795*1 ^nno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 20.  615

July and the tenth day of October, in every year, during the period feffion, kept often years nextenfuing, be fet apart from the remainder of the feparatefrom laid monies, and paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, 01 er m0I1K& diftinflly and apart from ail other branches of the publick revenue ; and that there shall be provided and kept at the office of the auditor of the said receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which the said quarterlyTurns directed to be fet apart from the said duties, and.paid into the said receipt, {hall, together with the monies arifmg from any other duties granted in this session ofparliament for the purpose of defraying fuqJ'j increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffiors, on any account whatever.

C A P. XX.

An art to continue, for a further limited tune, an aft made in the lajl session of parliament, intituled, An a£t to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran ; and for permitting home-made fpirits, deposited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home con-fumption, on payment of duty; and to prohibit the diji illation of low wines or spirits from melaffes of the manufacture of this kingdom, or from sugar or potatoes.—[December 24, 1795]

WHEREAS the aft hereiti-aftcr mentioned has by experience preamble.

been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring: and whereas it is expedient to prevent the dif illation offpirits from 'melaffes of the manufacture of this kingdom, or from Jugar, and also from potatoes: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enabled by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an adf, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft to 35 Geo. 3. c. prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines or spirits from I.19-COTlt:,nue^ wheat, barky, malt, or any other fort of grain, or from any meal^ihFeb. x> flour, or bran \ and for permitting home-made fpirits, deposited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home confumption, on payment of duty, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven,

II.  And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the eighteenth day of December one thou- From pec.1$, sand seven hundred and ninety-five in that part of Great Britain land/and Dec. called England, and from and after the twenty-fecond day of aa, in Scot-December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five in that part land, the

of Great Britain called Scotland, all and fineular the fines, penal- Pr'Tihonls of r .  .  5  .  v .  •  «  •  ,  ,  before-xnen-

ties, forfeitures, clauies, matters, and things, contained, provided, tioned a£t to

R R 4  fettled,  extend to difi

616 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III, c. 20. [1795.

tilling from fettled, or eftablifhed, in or by the said aft made in the last fef-thts^kin^dom ^10n Par'iament, t0 prohibit the distillation of low wines or iugar, or po-* spirits from wheat, barley, malt, corn, grain, meal, flour, bran, tatocs.  or any mixture therewith refpeftively, (hall extend, and shall be

deemed and construed to extend, to the brewing, making, preparing, extrafting, or diddling, of low wines and spirits refpeftively, from melafles of the manufacture of this kingdom, or from sugar or potatoes-, or any mixture with the fame refpeftively, and to all and every person and persons who (hall brew, make, prepare, extraft, or diftd,low wines or spirits respectively from melafles of. the manufacture of this kingdom, or from fugar,or from potatoes, or any mixture with the fame respectively ; and that the said tines, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, shall be ufed, applied, praftifed, and put in execution, against the making, preparing, extrafting, and diftilllng, of low wines and spirits refpeftively, from melafles of the manufacture of this kingdom, or from fugar, or from potatoes, or any mixture with the fame refpeftively, and to all and every person and persons who shall brew, make, prepare, extraft, or diftil, low wines or spirits from melafles of the manufacture of this kingdom, or from sugar or potatoes, or any mixture with the fame refpeftively, as fully and amply as if the fame had been expressly provided in and by the said aft.

Aft not to ex- III. Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enafted, That f^Vomwafh not^no *n l^s aft contained shall extend, or be deemed or con-brewed from ftrued to extend, to subject any entered distiller to the penalty of melafles, &c. five hundred pounds, for or by reason of his extrafting or diftil-on or before }jng any ]ow vvines or spirits from any wash openly brewed in his England *and enterec* distillery from melafles of the manufafture, of this king-’ dom, or from fugar, or from potatoes, on or before the fourteenth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in that part of Great Britain called England, or on cr before the twenty-fecond day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; any thing in the said recited aft or in this aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That continuance of ^ any distiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, for (ale or expor-thisaft,having tation, (hall, after the eighteenth day of December one thousand in their pof- seven hundred and ninety-five, until and upon the first day of ^laces'for^dif1 F£b'ruary cne thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, in that filiation)more Part °* Great Britain called England, and from and after the, than a certain twenty-fecond day of December one thousand seven hundred and quantity of ninety-five, until and upon the first day of February one thousand haloes ^ia- ^evcn hundred and ninety-seven, in that part of Great Britain ble to penalty. caAed Scotland, be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their cuf-tody or pofleflion, or in the ctiftody or pofieffion of any person or persons in trust or for the use or benefit of such distiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, more than ten pounds weight of such melafles, or more than twenty bushels of potatoes, at any one time, in any one or more place or places, (not being a place

or

Dec. 22, in Scotland,

Diftillers,

1795-1 Anno regni tricefuno sexto Georgii III, c. 26.  617

or places for preparing, brewing, making, extracting, diftilling, or keeping wort or wafh, low wines or fpirits), every such dif-tiller or diftillers, or maker or makers of low wines or fpirits,

(hall for every such offence respectively forfeit all such melaffes and potatoes refpedtively, and also the sum of one hundred pounds for such melaffes, and the sum of ten pounds for every bushel of potatoes.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing Not to extend herein before contained {hall extend to prohibit any distiller or to potatoes maker of low wines or spirits from having or keeping in his or her ^onfum t^on poffeflion, any quantity of potatoes for the necessary consumption Qf the family, of his or her family, or being of the growth of such distiller or or of the maker refpectively, provided that notice shall be given to the growth of the officer of excise under whose survey such distiller or maker, shall noticebe^iven then be, of the place or places of growing such potatoes of the t0 tjie excjfe growth of such distiller or maker refpeftively, on or before the officer, thirtieth day of December onethousand seven hundred and ninetv-

five in that part of Great Britain called England, and the fifth, day of "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

VI.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That On oath of

in cafe any' officer or officers of excife, or any other person or jn\h^t

perfons, shall at any time or times have cause to fufpeff that any rnore t}ian

fuch melaffes exceeding the Paid quantity of ten pounds weight, allowed quan-

or any potatoes exceeding the said quantity of twenty bufhels, shall tityof melartes

belaid or kept in any ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or other place or pr potatoes is

places, b ftonging to any distiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, ftorehoufe^Sec.

contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, then and in officers of ex-

every such cafe, upon oath made by such officer or officers, or cife and others

any other person or perfons, before the commissioners of excise be^utho-. 7 .  . 1  0.  ?  ..  ,  rued to fearch,

for the time being reipeCtiveiy, or any two or more or tnem, or an(j may fej2C

before one or more justice or justices of the peace, residing near the furplus, the place where such officer or officers, or other person or per- and the person fons, shall fulpeft the fame to be laid and kept, setting forth the ground of his or their fufpicion, it shall and maybe lawful to and iiable to for the Grid commiffioners, or justice or justices of the peace penalty, refpe&ively, before whom such officer or officers, or other person or perfons, (hall make oath as aforesaid, if he or they shall judge it reafonable, by special warrant, under his or their refpe£tive hands and feals, to authorise and empower such officer or officers, or other person or perfons, by day or by night, but if in the night, then in the presence of a conftable, or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or other place or places where he or they (hall fo suspect that any such me-lafles exceeding the laid quantity of ten pounds weight, or any potatoes exceeding the said quantity of twenty bushels as aforesaid, shall belaid or kept, belonging to any such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of lowy wines or fpirits, and to feize, take, and carry away, allfuch melaffes exceeding the said quantity of ten pounds weight, and such potatoes exceeding the laid quantity qf twenty bufhels^ as he pr they (hall fo fmd? together with all the

veffcls,

61S Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 20. [1795.

vcflels, facks, bags, or other things wherein the fame shall be contained; and such diftilicr or di (tillers, or maker or makers of low wines or Ipirits, or other person or persons in whose custody or possession such melafles exceeding the said quantity of ten pounds weight, or such potatoes exceeding the laid quantity of twenty bufhels, as aforesaid, belonging to such distiller or diftillers, or maker or makers shall be found, (hall for every such offence respectively forfeit and pay the said penalty of one hundred pounds for such melafles exceeding the said quantity of ten pounds weight, and the sum often pounds for every bushel of such potatoes ex-broke^o''en ^ ceec^ng the said quantity of twenty bushels j and the said officer ro e open. ^ officers and other person or perfons, is and are hereby empowered by such warrant, together with such other person or persons as he or they shall take to his or their affiftance, to enter into such ftorehoufes, warehoufes, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof, in cafe they be not forthwith opened on demand.

VII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Proof of me- That if any question shall arife, whether any melafles is really th^^kffi^om anc* ^ona fi^e mela^'es °f tnanufafture of this kingdom, (alto lie on the , though such melafles should appear to have been entered or kept claimer. in the officer’s books, as being of such fort), the proof of the fa£t

of such melafles being really and bona fide not melafles of the ma-nufadture of this kingdom, shall lie upon the owner or claimer of such melafles, or on the distiller or maker of low wines or spirits sued or prosecuted in refpe£l thereof; such proof to be by the oaths of two or more credible witnefles, being skilful and experienced perfons, competent to decide by examination thereof, and having a certain knowledge of the fa£i.

VIII.  And whereas there may have been contracts made by or with diflillers for Britifh-made spirits from melajfies, for melajfes or sugar or potatoes to be delivered and received at future times after the eighteenth day ^December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five;

deliver^S/°r lt therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Tifehfl'es °  contracts or bargains fo made by or with any such dif-

jfugar, orpota- tiller or diftillers, for any such fpirits, melafles, or sugar or potatoes, during toes, to be delivered at any time during the continuance of this a£f, shall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be null and void.

IX.  And whereas by divers laws now in force, certain annual duties are imposed upon fills used for difilling spirits from melajfes or fugar, in proportion to the contents of such fills: and whereas it is reafinable that an allowance Jhould be made for such part of the ufual

Commiflioners season for difilling during ivhich they may be prevented from working in confluence of this adi; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or any four of them, to make such allowances to the persons taking out such licences refpedfively, as shall appear to the said commiflioners, with the approbation of the lords commif-fioners of his Majesty’s treafury, or any three of them, to be rea-

the continuance of this act, void.

of excise in Scotland to make an allowance of the duties on foils, for the time they ate prevented

working under fonable. this act.  X,  And  be

further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 21.  619

That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this a6l, shall Recovery and befued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by Inch ways, means, aPPIlcvtl0n of or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, p  *

recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeJiminfter, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, refpeclively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefly, his heirs and fuccefibrs, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, difcover, or sue for the fame,

XI.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That any part of this a6t may be altered, varied, or repealed by any act or p^l6d this 6 ~ acts to be made in this present feffionof parliament,  l'efiion.

CAP. XXI.

An aft for allowing bounties, for a limited time, on the Importation into Great Britain of any wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, or rye, in British flips, or other flips the property of persons of any kingdom or fate in amity with his Majefly, or on the delivery of the fame out of warehouse for home confump-//W.—[Dec. 24, 1795*]

J H E R E A S it is expedient that encouragement fiould be given for a limited time to the importation into this kingdom, of wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, and rye; may it therefore please your Majefly that it may be enacted 5 and be it enabled by the King’s molt excellent majefly, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in the present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this a61, for all wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, and rye, imported or brought into this kingdom in Britijh (hips or veflels, or in (hips or vessels belonging to persons of any kingdom or hate in amity with his Majefly, however the fame may be navigated, there shall be paid and allowed the following bounties; (that is to fay,)

Preamble-.

Bounties to be paid on importation, before Sept. 30, 1796, of wheat, &c. itt British veflels, or vessels belonging to hates in amity with his Majefly.

A bounty of twenty shillings per quarter on every quarter of Bounties on Wheat, weighing not less than four hundred and forty pounds a certain weight avoirdupoife; and a bounty of sixteen shillings per ^eat^and^ quarter on every quarter of wheat weighing not less than four wheat flour, hundred and twenty-four pounds weight avoirdupoife; and a bounty from Europe, of fix (hillings for every hundred weight avoirdupoife of wheat fquth of Cape flour, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain^™1^^e> from any port of Europe louth of Cape Finiflerre, or from any Mediterra-port in the Mediterranean, or in' Africa, before the thirtieth day nean, or of September one thousand leven hundred and ninety-fix, until Africa, the quantity of such wheat and flour, taken together, shall amount unto four hundred thousand quarters, estimating two hundred weight and an half avoirdupoife of wheat flour to be equal to one quarter of wheat:

A



Bounties on a certain quantity of wheat, &c. from any other part of Europe, out ot hisMa-jefty’s dominions.

Bounties on a certain quantity ofwneat, «$ce. from his Majesty’s colonies in America, or the United

States.

Bounties on whea~, &c. exceeding the quantities before mentioned.

Bounties on a certain quantity of Indian corn and

meal;

and on those articles exceeding that quantity.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 21,  [  1795-

A bounty of fifteen (hillings per quarter on every quarter of wheat, weighing not less than four hundred and forty pounds weight avoirdupoife; and a bounty of twelve (hillings per quarter on every quarter of wheat, weighing not lefs. than four hundred and twenty-four pounds weight avoirdupoife ; and a bounty of four (hillings and ilxpence for every hundred weight avoirdupoife of wheat flour, which (hall be imported into Great Britain from any other part of Europe^ not being a part of his Majefiy’s dominions, before the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, until the quantity of such wheat and flour, taken together, (hall amount unto five hundred thou-fand quarters, estimating two hundred weight and an half avoirdupoife of wheat flour to be equal to one quarter of wheat:

A bounty of twenty (hillings per quarter on every quarter of wheat, weighing not dels than four hundred and forty pounds weight avoirdupoife; and a bounty of sixteen (hillings quarter on every quarter of wheat, weighing not less than four hundred and twenty-four pounds weight avoirdupoife; and a bounty of fix (hillings for every hundred weight avoirdupoife of wheat flour, which (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any of his Majesty’s colonies in America, or from the United States, before the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, until the quantity of such wheat and flour, taken together, (hall amount unto five hundred thousand quarters, estimating two hundred weight and an half avoirdupoife of wheat flour to be equal to one quarter of wheat:

A bounty of ten (hillings per quarter on every quarter of wheat, weighing not less than four hundred and forty pounds weight avoirdupoife; and a bounty of eight (hillings per quarter on every quarter of wheat, weighing not less than four hundred and twenty-four pounds, weight avoirdupoife; and a bounty of three (hillings for every hundred weight avoirdupoife of wheat flour, which (hall be imported into Great Britain before the thirtieth day of Septe?nber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, exceeding the quantities to which the before-mentioned bounties are limited :

A bounty of five (hillings per quarter for every quarter of Indian corn ; and a bounty of one (hilling and sixpence for every hundred weight avoirdupoife of Indian meal, which (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, until the quantity of such Indian corn and meal, taken together, (hall amount unto five hundred thousand quarters, estimating three hundred weight and an half avoirdupoife of Indian meal to be equal to one quarter of Indian corn; and a bounty of three (billings per quarter for every quarter of Indian corn; and a bounty of one (hilling for every hundred weight avoirdupoife of Indian meal, which (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, before the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, exceeding the quantities to which the?

before-

before-mentioned bounties are limited, estimating three hundred weight and an half avoirdupoife of Indian meal to be equal to one quarter of Indian corn :

A bounty of ten (hillings per quarter for every quarter of rye, weighing not lefsthan four hundred pounds weight avoirdupoife, which (hall be imported into Great Britain before the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, until the quantity of such rye shall amount unto one hundred thousand quarters; and a bounty of fix (hillings for every quarter of rye weighing not less than four hundred pounds weight avoirdupoife, which (hall be imported into Great Britain before the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, exceeding the quantity to which the before-mentioned bounty is limited.

Bounties on a Certain quantity of rye.

and exceeding that quantity.

II.  And be it further enabled, That the said bounties (hall be Bounties to under the management of the commissioners of his Majesty’s lindei customs in England and Scotland refpedfively, and (hall be paid oHk^com-out of any monies in their hands, arising by any of the duties or miflioners of revenues under their management refpedively, to the respective cuftoms. importers or consignees of such wheat, wheat dour, Indian corn,

Indian meal, and rye, respectively : provided always, That a due Entry to be entry (hall be made with the proper officers of the cuftoms, at made with the the port into which such articles (hall be imported: and that the ° !fer ° ^

n  ‘  1  rt-  r  1  n r r 1  .  CU/tOmS Ht

collector or other proper officer or the cu(toms ot the port where the port of such wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, and rye, (hall importation, be imported, do receive full and fatisfaflory proof that the said corn, flour, meal, and rye, for which the_bounty herein allowed is claimed, is wholly and entirely without mixture of any other the growth of any orher country than that in refpeeft whereof the said bounty is claimed, and that in default thereof, the said bounties (hall not, nor (hall any of them, be allowed or paid.

III.  Provided always, and be it enadled, That none of the Importation bounties granted by this a<£f (hall be paid, allowed, or received, to ent|tle to unless the several articles in the a cl enumerated and deferibed, be ^certain shall be imported or brought refpeCfively into some one or other ports.

of his Majesty’s ports; that is to fay, the ports of London,

Aberyjlwyth, Beaumaris, Berwick, Bojlon, Brijiol, Carlijlc, Cbejler,

Chicbejler, Colchejler, Cowes, Dartmouth, Dover, Exeter Falmouth,

Harwich, Hull, Ipfwicb, Lanca/ler, Liverpool, Lyme, Lynn, Malden,

Milfordy Newcajlle, Penzance, Plymouth, Poole, P'ort[mouth,

Prefton, Rochejler, Sandwich, Southampton, Stockton, Sunderland,

Szuanfea, Wells, Whitehaven, Whitby, Wijbech, Yarmouth, Aberdeen, Air, Alloa, Campbeltown, Dumfries, Dunbar, Dundee, Glasgow, including Port Glafgow, Greenock, Kirkcaldy, Kirkcudbright,

Leith, Lerwick, Montrofe, and Wigton.

IV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Articles im-That, before any of the said articles, imported or brought into ported to be this kingdom for bounty under the regulations of this a£t, fhall

be delivered out of the charge of the proper officer or officers andtwoftdlful

of

perfons, who are to certify whether they are of due weight and merchantable,

Recompence to the infpec-tors.

CommilTion-ers of customs may pay bounties on articles imported before 0&. 15, 1796, on proof of the veffels

Anno regal tricefinio sexto Georgii III. c. 21. [1795.

of the customs of the port where the lame {hall be respectively fo imported or brought, such articles refpebtively shall be carefully and attentively infpedted and examined by such officer or officers of the cuftoms, as the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively (hall think fit to diredb for that duty, and two indifferent and difinterefied perfons, experienced in the nature of the article to be fo infpedted and examined; which two indifferent and disinterested persons shall be chosen by the principal officers of the customs at such port, or any two of them, whereof the colledtor for the time being shall be one; which said officer or officers of the customs fo directed by the (aid commissioners of the customs refpedtively, and the said two indifferent and disinterested persons fo chosen as aforesaid to in-fpedt and examine the said articles refpedtively, {half, upon having viewed the fame, certify and declare, upon their corporal oaths, first administered by the said principal officers, or any two of them, whereof the collector {hall be one, (who are hereby authorised and required to administer the fame,) whether the said articles respectively are or are not of the weight required by this adt, and are or are not merchantable and fit for making bread; and if the fame shall appear by such certificate to be of the weight fo required, and to be merchantable and fit for making bread, the bounties respectively granted by this adt shall be paid and allowed thereon; but if the fame shall appear by such certificate not to be of the weight required by this adt, or not to be merchantable or fit for making bread, no bounty, granted by this adt, shall be paid or allowed thereupon.

V.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said indifferent and disinterested perfons, fochofen by the said principal officers to inspect and examine the said goods, shall from time to time be paid by an order of the commissioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, or any four or more of them, in England, or the commissioners of his Majesty’s customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, out of any monies in their hands arising by any of the duties or revenues under their management refpedtively, the following sums by way of recompence or reward for their trouble on such infpedtion, examination, and certification ; that is to fay, the sum of one penny per quarter for all wheat, Indian corn, or rye, infpedted and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity; and the sum of one penny per barrel of all wheat flour, or Indian meal, infpedted and examined and certified by them as aforesaid, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe any of the said articles herein enumerated and described shall be imported or brought from any of the ports or places herein mentioned into any of the refpec-tive ports herein also enumerated, subsequent to the time limited by this adt, but before the fifteenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, it (hall and may be lawful for the

commiffioners



1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 21.  623

commiflioners of his Majesty’s customs fn England and Scotland having failed refpeftively, to order the bounty or bounties respectively to be ^^u^tjmes paid thereon in like manner as if the said articles had been im-  in  the

ported within the time limited by this aft; provided proof shall ordinary be made, to the satisfaction of the said commiiTioners refpeftively, course of their that the {hips or vessels on board of which respectively such  have

articles {hall be fo imported or brought, ablually and bona fide fet Sept*" 50/ fail from such respective ports or places for Great Britain, at such time that they might in the ordinary course of their voyage have arrived in Great Britain before the said thirtieth day of September; and proof (hall also be given, and entry shall be made, and the goods inspected and examined, and certified in like manner as is directed and required by this aft, to authorise the payment of bounty 'on the said articles imported within the time limited by this aft.

VII.  And whereas it may happen that vejfels, before the pajjing of this act, may have arrived at different ports of this kingdom, having on board articles of the several dofcriptions herein mentioned, or of fiome one or other of them, intended for exportation: and whereas in order to induce the owner orowners, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees of such goods, to e?itcr them for confutation in this kingdom, it is expedient to extend the bounties granted by this aft to such articles: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the bounties respectively granted by Bounties to this aft fha/l extend to all such articles, although imported or extend to ar-brought into this kingdom before the pafling of this aft, pro-

vided each and every the rules, regulations, conditions, and re- puffing this flriftions, of this aft are in all other relpefts duly complied act. with.

VIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That if any {hip or veffei has arrived or shall arrive at any port Veflels arriv-in Great Britain, where, according to the regulations of this aft, ingatanv port the bounty is not allowed, the said ship or vefTel shall and may allowed lawfully depart from such port without molestation or hindrance, mav fajj to with the several articles on board, and may carry the fame to any where it is. other port of Great Britain at which the fame may be entered for the bounty, and there enter, land and deliver the fame; subject neverrhelefs to each and every the rules, regulations, conditions, and reflriftions of this aft,

IX.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That On foreign on all foreign corn and flour which shall have been lecured in corn and warehouses in Great Britain, according to law, before the pafling fouled*'before of this aft, and which shall be delivered from thence within the pafling of three calendar months after the pafling of this aft, to be used this aft, and consumed in this kingdom, there shall be paid and allowed delivered out to the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or con- ^on|hs fignee or consignees thereof, a bounty or bounties refpeftively, honi€ con-not exceeding three-fifth parts of the bounties granted by this aft fumption, a respectively on corn and flour imported from the Mediterranean, bounty to be under the authority of this aft; provided that all and each and Pai * every the rules, regulations, conditions, and reflriftions, impofed

and

and if ware -houfed at a port where no bounty is allowed, it Tnay be carried where it is.

Continuance of a<fl;

which may be altered or repealed this fc/lion.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 22. [1795.

and required by this ad, fo far as the fame are applicable to and can be put in execution, shall be complied with in respect of all such corit and flour as shall be fo re(pedively delivered out of such warehoufes, to be used or consumed in this kingdom.

' X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any foreign corn or flour fhall, before the palling of this ad, have been secured in any warehouse or warehouses according to law, at any port in Great Britain, where, according to the regulations of this ad, the bounty is not allowed, all such foreign corn or flour shall and may be legally carried coastwise from such port, without molestation or hindrance, to any other port of Great Britain at which the fame may be entered for the bounty, and there the fame may be entered, landed, and delivered, fub-jed nevertheless to each and every the rules, regulations, conditions, and restrictions of this ad.

XI. And be it further enaded, That this ad shall continue in force until the fifteenth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix.

XII. Provided always, That any part of this ad may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be made in this present session of parliament.

CAP. XXII.

An aft to permit bakers to ?nake and fell certain forts of bread.— [December 24, 1795-]

Preamble.

Loaves maybe made of wheat, deducing only 5lb, of bran perbufhel, or mixed with any grain or potatoes, and fold at such prices as (hall be deemed reafonable.

HE RE AS it is expedient, in order to diminish the consumption of wheat, that bakers Jhould be permitted to make and fell, in all places, various kinds of mixed breads and such kinds of wheaten bread as they cannot now fell in places where an ajfize is fet: and whereas it is not expedient to apply to such forts of bread the reflriftions contained in the tables of the ajfize and price of bread., now by law ejlablifoed: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be itenaded by the King's mofi: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confentof the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament allembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this ad, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons whatfoever, in any place whatfoever, and whether any assize of bread (hall be fet in such place or not, to make, fell, and expose to fale, peck loaves, half peck loaves, quartern loaves, and half quartern loaves, made of the whole produce of the wheat, dedud-ing only five pound weight ofbran/w bufhel, or made of any fort of wheaten flour, mixed with meal or flour of barley, rye, oats, buckwheat, Indian corn, peafe, beans, rice, or any other kind of grain whatfoever, or with potatoes, in such proportions,, and at such prices for the said loaves refpedively, as the maker and feller thereof shall deem proper and reasonable ; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

3  '  II. And

' 

1795-] A^no regni tricesimo sexto GeOrgii III. c. 22.  625

JL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Mixed bread every person or persons who (hall make, fell, or expose to fale,  9

any loaves of mixed bread as aforesaid, (hall cause to be fairly fortf, &c. imprinted on every loaf of each refpe£live fort of bread which he,

(he, or they (hall make, fell, or expose to fale, a mark in large roman letters, denoting what are the forts and proportions of such mixtures, or a large roman M, together with some mark dif-tinguiihing one fort of such bread from another; and {hall also affix in some conspicuous part of his, her, or their fhop, or in the window thereof, a paper, written in large and legible characters at length, specifying the forts and proportions of the mixtures composing each fort of bread, and also the marks corre-fponding to each fort, and the respective prices thereof.

III.  And be it further ena&edby the authority aforesaid, That If bread be if any such peck loaves, half peck loaves, quartern loaves, or deficient in half quartern loaves, {hall be deficient in weight, according to ^rcfing to" the assize of loaves of such denominations refpe£hvely, pre- the assize preferred in ana£t, passed in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his scribed by 31 latemajefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the due ^tc* making of breads and to regulate the price and assize thereof and to marked, or puni/h persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread; or if any have any mix-fuch mixed loaves {hall not be imprinted with marks pursuant to ture not de-the diredlions of this adl, and corresponding to the paper herein- Scc^the before required to be affixed, or if the fame (hall have any mix- offender liable ture of meal or flour of any other fort, or in any other proportions to the penal-thereof than {hall be denoted by such marks imprinted thereon, or tiesofthata.ft, any mixture or article as for or in lieu of flour which {hall not really be the genuine flour or article the fame {hall import to be, or if the fame (hall have in them any allum, or preparation or mixture in which allum (hall be an ingredient, or if any other mixture or ingredient whatsoever (except only the genuine meal or flour or article of which the fame purports to be made, and common fait, pure water, eggs, milk, yeafl, and barm, or such other leaven as {hall at any timebe allowed to be put into bread by the court, or person or persons who (hall have fet an assize of bread for the place where such leaven (hall be used ; and where no such assize (hall be fet, then such other leaven as any magif-trate or magiftrates, within his or their jurifdi&ion, (hall allow to be used in making of bread), {hall be put into or in any wife used in making the dough whereof, or as or for leaven to ferment any such dough, or on any other account, under any colour or pretence whatfoever; every person offending therein {hall be liable to the fame penalties and forfeitures, to be recovered and applied in the fame manner as is provided in the said a61, in the cafe of any of the aforesaid offences being committed against the several and respective provisions in that behalf made in the said a£h

IV.  And be it further ena£ted. That it shall be lawful to alter 'This a# may or repeal this afl, or any part of the fame, during the present repealed session of parliament.  feifion.

Vol, XL.  Ss  V.  Provided

Anot to afFed the rights of London, or the company of bakers.

V.  Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That nothing in this act contained (hall in any ways affect or infringe upon the rights and privileges of the city of London, or of the worshipful company of bakers of the said city.

C A P. XXIII.

An aft to amend fo much of an aft, made In the ninth year of the reign of King George the Firfl, intituled, An a£I for amending the laws relating to the fettlement, employment, and relief of the poor, as prevents the distributing occasional relief to poor persons in their own houfes, under certain circumjlances and in certain cafes• [Dec. 24, 1795.]

Preamble. ttt HERE AS by an aft passed in the ninth year of the reign of his 9 Geo. i.c. 7. \ V iaie majefy King George the Firfl, intituled, An a6l for amending the laws relating to the fettlement, employment, and relief of the poor, it is (among other things) enabled, that it /hall and may be I awful for the churclnvardens and overseers of the poor, in any pari/}), town, townfinp, or place, with the consent of the major part of the parishioners or inhabitants thereof in vefry or other pcrrifh or publick meeting for that purpose afifembled,[, or of fo many of them as /hall be fo affembled, upon usual notice thereof first given, to purchase or hire any house or houses in the fame par if, town/hip, or place, and to contra ft with any person or persons for the lodging, keeping, maintaining, and employing, any or all such poor, in their respective parijhes, townjhips, or places, as /hall desire to receive relief or colie ftion from the fame pari/h, and there to keep, maintain, and employ, all such perfons, and take the benefit of the work, labour, and fervice, of any such poor person or perfons, who-Jhall be kept and maintained in any such house or houfes, for the maintenance and relief of such poor person or persons •who shall be there kept and maintained; and in cafe any poor person or persons of any parifh, town, townfhip, or place, when such house or houses /hall be fo purchased or hired, /hall refuse to be lodged, kept, or maintainedin such house or houfes, such poor person or persons fo refufing/hall be put out of the book or books where the names of the persons who ought to receive collection in the said parifh, town, town/hip, or place, are to be regiflered, andJ.hall not be entitled to ask or receive collection or relief from the churchwardens and overseers of the fame pari/h, town, or town/hip : and whereas the said provifwn contained in the aft above mentioned has been found to have been and to be inconvenient and opprejfive, inasmuch as it often prevents an industrious poor person from receiving such occasional relief as is be ft suited to the peculiar cafe offuch poor perfon, and inasmuch as in certain cafes it holds out conditions of relief injurious to the comfort and domejlic situation and happiness of such poor perfons: be it therefore enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-Overfeers nions, in this present parliament allembled, and by the authority with the ap- the fame, That, from and after the palling of this a£f, it shall probation of and may be lawful for the"overfeer or overseers of any parifh,

town,



I795-! Annoregni. tricefinmfexto GeorgizIIK c, 23.  627

town, townfhip, or place, with the approbation of thepariftiioners, parifhion-

or the majority of them, in vestry or other usual place of meeting ^ce^rnay^

affembled, or with the approbation in writing of any of his Ma- reiieve poor

jefty’s justice or justices of the peace usually acting in and for the persons at

refpe&ive diftridf, to di(tribute arid pay collection and relief to their own

any industrious poor person or perfons, at his, her, or their homes, omes*

houfe or houfes, under certain circumstances of temporary illnefs

or diftrefs, and in certain cafes refpeCting such poor perfon, or

his, her, or their family, or refpeCting the fituation, health, or

condition, of any poor house or poor houfes, in any parifh, town,

townfhip, or place, wherein a house or houfes, shall have been

or (hall be fo hired, built* or purchafed, and a contract made

with any person or persons for lodging, keeping, maintaining,

and employing any or all poor persons who shall desire to receive

collection or relief, although such poor person or persons shall -

refufe to be lodged, kept, and maintained, within such house or

houfes ; any thing in the said act palled in the ninth year of his

majefty King George the First to the contrary notwithstanding.

If. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That J^cesmay it shall and may be lawful for any his Majesty’s'juftice or justices ^00^ person s° of the peace for any county, city, toivn, or place, usually acting at their own in and for the diftriCl wherein the fame shall be fituated, at his or homes, their just and proper difcretion, to direct and order collection and 'relief to any industrious poor person or perfons, and he, fhe, or they shall be entitled to a(k and to receive such relief at his, her, or their homes, house or houfes, in any parifh, town, townfhip, or place, notwithstanding any contract shall have been or shall be made with any person or persons for lodging, keeping, maintaining, and employing, any and all poor persons in a house or houses for such purpose hired or purchafed, and the churchwarden or churchwardens, overseer or overfeers, for such parifh, town, townfhip, or place, are required and directed to obey and perform such order for relief given by any justice or justices as aforefaid.

III.  Provided always, That the special caufe, as herein-before Caufe of mentioned, of ordering and directing collection or relief to any ^elieftcfbe0 poor person or pej fons at his, her, or their hemes, house or assigned on the houfes, be assigned and written on each order for reliefgiven and order of the directed by any justice or justices as aforefaid; and provided always, juftice, &c. that such order be given for, and do remain in force for a time not to exceed one month from the date of such order : provided alfo, that it (hall and may be lawful for any two justices as aforesaid to make any further order for the fame or like purpose, for any further time not exceeding one month from the date of such order, and fo on from time to time, as the occasion shall require, such justice or justices first administering an oath as to the need and cause of such relief in each of the above cafes, and thereon summoning the overseer or overseers of the poor of the parifh, town, townfhip, or place, to be charged with such relief, . to (hew cause why such poor person or persons should not receive such relief in manner as by law provided in cafes where no con-

s s 2  trad

628 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii -III. c. 24—26. [1795.

tract for lodging, keeping, and maintaining the poor, {hall as aforesaid have been made.

Aft not to ex- IV. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing where°houfesS *n  contained  (hall  extend,  or be conftrued, deemed, or

ofinduftry are ta^eri t0 extend, to authorife, empower, or enable, any overprovided seer or overfeers, or any justice or justices of the peace as afore -under %% Geo. faid, to direct or order to distribute and pay, or to be distributed under a*n°r anc*  ^ny  co^e<^on  or relief to any poor person or perfons,

ij^cial^aft. at her> or t^e*r homes, house or houfes, as aforesaid, in any parifh, town, townfhip, or place, in or for which any house of induftry, or other place for the reception and provision of the poor thereof, hath been already erected or provided, or {hall hereafter be erected or provided, by and under the authority or directions of an act pasted in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for the better relief and employment of the poor^ or under the authority or directions of any special act of parliament or law already pasted for such parifh, town, townfhip, or place, and now in force for that purpose ; but that in every such cafe all such laft-mentioned poor person or persons shall be provided for and relieved in such and the fame manner as before the making and palling of this act.

Publick aft.' V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act {hall be deemed and taken to be a publick act : and shall be judiciously taken notice of as such, by all judges, juftices, and other persons whomsoever without specially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for punishing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment '  * of the army and their quarters.— [Dec. 24, 1795.]

Number of forces 49,219, including 4,502 invalids.

CAP. XXV.

* Atl act to enable the company of proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal to finish and complete the fame, and the several cuts, and other works, authorised to be made and done by them, by virtue of several acts of of parliament.—[Dec. 24, 1795.]

The company of proprietors may subscribe a further sum of two hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds by half fiiares of fifty pounds each. Calls for money not to exceed fix pounds and five (hillings on each half fiiare, and not oftener than once in three months. Power to raise the money by mortgage or annuities. Additional rates of tonnage. For all lime, lime-ftone, ironftone, flint, and other (tones, and bricks, tiles, (lates, and coal, and manure, one farthing per ton, per mile. And for all other goods, merchandize, &c. one halfpenny per ton, per mile. Conveyance by lords of manors of land taken from commons fufficient. Manner of charging the company to parish rates. Five commiftioners to make a quorum. Materials not to be taken or worked on the lands of fir John Filmer without his content. Purchafe money for the land forming the refer voir on Aldenham common afcertained, &c. Publick act.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft to explain and enlarge the powers contained in the charter of the Royal Exchange Affurance of houses and goods fi*9m fire.*—[March 7, 1796.]

Charter

Charter of Geo. i, recited. The corporation empowered to make aftu-rances within any part of his Majesty’s dominions, or elfewhere. If any action be brought against the corporation, they may plead the general iflue, and give the special matter in evidence. Publick ad.

CAP. XXVII.

An ad to explain and enlarge the powers contained in the charter of the London Afiurance of houses and goods from fire.—[March 7, 1796.]

Charter of 7 Geo. 1,' recited. The corporation empowered to make aflii-ranees within any part of his Majesty’s dominions, or elfewhere. If any action be brought against the corporation they may plead the general iflue, and give the special matter in evidence. Publick ad.

C A 'p. XXVIII.

An ad for the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on fhore.— [March 7, 1796.]

CAP. XXIX.

An ad for raifmg a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix.

—[March 7, 1796.]

Commiffioners of the treasury may raise *,ooo,oool. by loans and exchequer bills, before January 5, 1797, in like manner as is preferibed by the malt ad of this feflion, concerning loans, &c. The claufes, &c. in the said ad relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer bills fo issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before April 6, 1797. Adion not to lie for such refufal. Principal and intereft, with charges, to be repaid out of the next fup-plies ; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1797, to be charged to the consolidated fund. Monies fo issued to be replaced out of the first fupplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this ad j an ad 5 and 6 Gul. & Marias notwithftanding.

CAP. XXX.

An ad for railing a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix.

—[March 7, 1796.]

Commiftioners of the treasury may raise 1,500,000!. by loans and exchequer bills, before January 5, 1797, in manner as by the malt ad of this session is preferibed, &c. The claufes, &c. in the said ad relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer bills fo ilfued not to be received again in payment of any taxes ; nor exchanged before April 6, 1797. Adion not to lie for such refufal. Money foraifed to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid ; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1797, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies fo issued to be replaced out of the first fupplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this ad; an ad 5 and 6 Gul. & Maris notwithftanding.

* CAP. XXXI.

An ad for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.— [March 7, 1796.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE,your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commpns of Gre^t Britain, in parliament afiembled, having taken into our most serious com

s 8 3  fide  ration

co

fideration your Majesty’s most gracious meffage, (ignifying your Majesty’s deiire to be enabled by your faithful commons, to defray any extraordinary expences which, may be incurred for the Fervice of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and to take such measures as the exigency of affairs may require, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for that purpose.—His Majesty may empower the treasury to cause loans to be received or exchequer bills to be made out for 3,500,0001* any time before January 5, 1797, agreeable to 36 Geo. 3. c. 1. Powers of '36 Geo. 3. c. 1. to extend to this ad. Loans or exchequer bills chargeable on the first aids granted next ieilion, and if not granted before July 5, 1797, to be paid out of the consolidated fund. Monies issued . from the consolidated fund to be replaced out of the first fupplies. Bank may advance money on the credit of this ad.

C A P. XXXII.

An aft for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and per* fons acting as such, in the Weft India ifands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.—[Mar. 7, 1796.]

P eamble. 13 Car. 3. c. izl

WHEREAS by an, aft, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majcjly King Charles the Second, intituled. An abt for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, and by other afts of parliament novo in jorce, no goods or commodities whatsoever can be imported into, or exported out of any lands, ifands, plantations, or territories, to his Majesty belonging, or in his pofeffton, or which may hereafter belong unto, or be in the pojfeffim of, .bis Rdajefy, his heirs andfuccejfors, in Afia, Africa, or America, in any other Jhip or ftnps, vejfel or vefcls whatfoever, but in such sups or vessels as do truly and without fraud belong only to the people of Great Britain, or of any of the 'territories thereof in the manner, and under the penalties, andfubjeft to the exceptions and regulations, in the said afts respectively contained: but whereas not-withjlanding the said aids, certain of his Majeftfs governors or lieutenant governors of the ifands in the Weft Indies, or persons aiding as Juch, have found themselves under the necejfty of opening, with the advice of their respective councils, the ports of the said ifands for a limited time, for the importation of certain articles of provifons and lumber, for the fapply of the said ifands, in foreign bottoms, and in like manner for the exportation of certain articles, the produce of the faidifands, in return for the fame : and whereas the if and of Tobago and certain parts of the if and of Saint Domingo have been fur rendered to his MajeJly, and are now in his Majefyy$ po(pfjion\ at the time of which surrender it was fipulaied and agreed, that the importation oj provifons, cattle, grain, and wood, of various kinds, from the United States of America, and from other parts of America end the W eft Indies, and the exportation of certain articles, therein enumerated, being the produce of the said ifands, should be allowedfor a limited time in the foreign bottoms and vessels therein 'defer ibed: end whereas such importation and exportation as aforesaid are contrary to the said alls of parliament; but being permitted either from the necejfty of the occafion, or by virtue of the articles of capi*

' '  tulation

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 32.  631

tulation in  consequence of wbith the said if and of Tobago and cer-

tain parts of the said if and of Saint Domingo were fofurrendered to his Majejly, and put into his Majefy’s poffeffion, the fame ought to he justified by an aid of parliament> and all persons ijfung, advifing, or aiding under or in obedience to any order or permission of any of the said governors or lieutenant governors of the said ifands, or persons aiding as suchy and all persons concerned in any importation or exportation as aforesaid, Jhould be respectively Juftified: be it therefore ena£led by the King’s mod excellent majefly, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the au- . thority of the fame. That all personal actions and fuit?, indidi-Suits for ments, informations, and all prosecutions and proceedings having issued whatfoever, which have been or shall be hereafter prosecuted or Exportation commenced again# any person or perfons, for having issued or or lmporta-advifed any such order or permiffion, at any time after the fifth tion of proday of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety*five, and vihons, &c. before the passing of this a£l, or for any adl done by reason of [flands^n^he any such order or permiffion, or relating to any such exportation indies in or importation, in consequence of such order or permiffion,- be, foreign bot-are, and shall be, discharged and made void by virtue of this a£l; toms, since and that if any a£Hon or fuit shall be profecuted, or commenced ^ade5voiCd^5, again# any person or perfons, for or by reason of any such a£l,  *

matter, or thing, fo advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, he, fhe, or they may plead the general ifiue, and give this a£l and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any action or fuit fo to be prosecuted or commenced, in that part of Great Britain called England, or in the said Weft India iflands, shall become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or suffer difcontinuance, or if a verdict pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their double cofls, for which he, fhe, or they shall have the like remedy as in cafes where the costs by law are given to the defendants, and if any such action or fuit, as aforesaid, shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before which such addon or fuit shall be commenced or prosecuted shall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby ■ provided, and shall further allow him his double costs of fuit, in all such cafes as aforefaid.

II.  And be it also enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if Defendants any acftion or fuit hath been already commenced against any may apply to person or persons for any such a6l, matter, or thing, fo advifed, f^iE^iEons^ commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, it shall ^ e(^ ^ and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders, in luch action or fuit refpedlively, in whatever court in Great Britain, and in th? said Weft India iflands, such action or fuit shall have been canmenced, to apply to such court or courts refpedlively, by motion in a summary way, and such court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpose accordingly; and the court or courts making such order (hall allow and award to the

6 s 4  defendants

632 Annoregni triCefimo sexto Georgii III. c. 33 — 36. [1793.

defendants or defenders respectively double costs of fuit, for which they (hall respectively have the like remedy, as in cafes where the costs are by law given to defendants or defenders,

CAP. XXXIII.

An aft for extending the term of the tax on lands, and tolls on goods, wares* and merchandizes, granted by an aft, palled in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for improving the drainage of the middle and south levels, part of the great level of the fens called Bedford Level, and the low lands adjoining, or near to the said levels; as also the lands adjoining or near to the river Ouze, in the county of Norfolk, draining through the fame to sea by the harbour of King’s Lynn, in the said county : and for altering and improving the navigation of the said river Ouze, from or near a place called Eau Brink, in the parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said county, to the said harbour of King’s Lynn 5 and for improving and preserving the navigation of the several rivers communicating with the laid river Ouze.—[March 7, 1796.]

C. A P. XXXIV.

An aft to enable the company of proprietors of the Thames and Severn canal navigation to raise a certain sum of money for discharging some r arrears of intereft, and other debts relating thereto, and to maintain and support the said navigation.—[March 7, 1796 ]

2-3 and 31 Geo. 3, recited. Company empowered to raise 65,000!. Sub-fcribers of iool. allowed to subscribe 37I. 10s. now due to them for interest upon every fhare. After January 5, 1796, all interest on calls in respect of the original shares to ceafe.

C A P. XXXV.

An aft to enable the trustees for executing an aft passed in the thirty-lecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, altering, and improving the parish church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the city of London; and for providing a workhouse for the fame; to raise a further sum of money for completing the purposes of the said aft.—[March 7,1796.] ~

Truftees empowered to raise a further sum of fix thousand pounds by falc of annuities.

CAP. xxxvi.

An aft for encreafng the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering foldiers.—[March 7, 1796.]

Preamble. 'II7HERE AS by an att paffied in the present fejfion of pir~ VV liament, for punishing mutiny and defertion, and for :he Mutiny aft better payment of the army and their quarters, certain rates ire recited.  eflablifbed  in  that  part  of  Great  Britain called England, the don't-

nton of Wales, and the town ^Berwick upon Tweed, for the piy-ment of innholders and others on whom non-commiffioned officers end private soldiers fire quartered and billetted, who shall be furnified with diet and small beer at their quarters; and an option is given to such innholders and others, to furnish certain articles gratis, in ieu of diet andfmall beer, at the rates preferibed: and whereas the ocia-[ton of marching and quartering of troops has fncreafed, and nay '■  '  ’  conthuii

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo fcxto Georgii III. c. 36.  633

continue, tf/zi  rules prescribed for furnijhing soldiers with neeeffa-

r/Vj /» ;?ztf/zy injlances, become^ from the high price of provifionsy

inadequate, tf/zi are productive of distress to such innholders and

ethers: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be

enadled ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty,

by and with the advice and cpnfent of the lords- spiritual and

temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled,

and by the authority of the fame, That every non-commiffioned Non-comif-

officer and private soldier who shall be furnished with diet and ^foldiersto

fmall beer within the aforesaid part of Great Britain, by the inn- allow iod. per

holders or other persons on whom such non-commiffioned officers diem for diet

or private soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue ofand (maH

the said a£f, shall pay and allow for the fame ten-pence diem\ ters*hi En31*

and that the accounts of the fame shall be rendered, and payment jan(j. *

thereof made, in like manner as is directed in the said atft now

in force touching the former rates of sixpence per diem for the

cavalry, and four-pence per diem for the infantry.

II.  And be it further enadted, That in cafe any innholders or and for arti-other persons on whom any non-commiffioned officers or private ?lfcS which men shall be quartered, fhall, by virtue of the said option in the nhhed^ratiT* said a<ft, furnish such non-commiffioned officers or soldiers with in lieu thereof, the articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furnishing diet and small 2d. per diem beer, at the rates prescribed by this adl, such innholders or other to be allowed, persons on whom such non-commiffioned officers or soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said articles shall have been fo

fupplied, shall receive, in consideration thereof, two-pence per diem for each non-commiffioned officer and foldier, instead of furnishing the fame gratis, as required by the said a£l; which sum of two-pence per diem shall be accounted for and paichin like manner as is directed touching the rates aforefaid.

III.  And be it further enadted, That the sum to be paid toForhorfes the innholder or other perfon, on whom any of the horses be- quartered, longing to his said Majesty’s forces shall be quartered by virtue diem to be^ of the said a£f, for hay and ftraw, shall be ten-pence halfpenny paid for hay per diem for each horfe, instead of sixpence per diem as directed and ftraw. in the said act.

IV.  And whereas the provisions contained in"the said recited aCty So much of with refpeCl to the manner of dieting non-commiffioned officers and recited a<ft as soldiers on a march, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the

recruits by them raifed, have been productive of much inconve- ^iet non-nience, as well to the troops as the innholders; be it further commiiiioned enafted, That fo much of the said recited a£t as relates to the officers and manner of furnishing non-commiffioned officers and soldiers on a march, or employed in recruiting, and likewise the recruits ™niting°re-" by them raifed, with diet or other provifion, be, and the fame is peakd.5 hereby repealed.

V.  And be it further enacted, That all non-commiffioned Regulation officers and soldiers shall be entitled to receive their diet and with refpe<ft small beer from the innholders or other persons on whom they commidfon^ jmay be billetted* at the rates herein-before prefcribed, while on officers and

the soldiers on their march.

634  Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 36. [1795.

the march, as also on and for the day of their arrival at the place of their final deftination, and on the two subsequent days, unless either of the two subsequent days shall be a market day in and for the town or place where such officers or soldiers (hall be bilietted, or within the distance of two miles thereof, in which cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the innholder, or other person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such market day the supply of diet and small beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the , articles in the laid recited a6l fpecified, and at the rate hereinbefore prefcribed.

When halted VI. Provided always, That if any regiment, troop, company,

^  or detachment, when on the march, (hall be halted, either for a li-

non-commil- .  .  7  .  .  .  7  .  ,  7

fioned officers tmted or indefinite time, at any intermediate place, the non-com-and soldiers  miffioned officers and soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled

entitled to  to receive their diet and small beer from the persons on whom

be^ra^ after  *hey (hall be bilietted at such intermediate place, for such time

arriving at  only for which they would be entitled to receive the fame

their deiti-  after arriving at the place of their final deffination, according to

nation:  this ach

and if such halting be only for a day after arrival, and that be a market day, their diet and small beer pot to be dif-coutinued.

Regulations rtfpeding recruiting parties and recruits on their march-

VII. Provided neverthelefs, That whenever it (hall happen that any regiment, troop, company, or detachment, when on their march, lhall be halted, and it shall appear by the marching orders, that it is not intended that such regiment, troop, company, or detachment, shall halt for any longer time than one intire day. after the day of their arrival at the place of halting, and the day after such arrival shall be such market day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the innholders or other persons on whom the non-commiffioned officers and soldiers shall be bilietted, to difcontinue, on such market day, the supply of diet and small beer to any such officers or foldiers; but that all such officers and soldiers shall be entitled to receive their diet and small beer from such innholders and other persons aforesaid, upon such market day as aforesaid, at the rates herein-before pre-fcribed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto if such day had not been a market day; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereof notwithftanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all non-commiffioned officers and private men employed in recruiting, and the recruits by them railed, fhall, while on the march, and for two days after the day of their arrival at any recruiting ffation, be entitled to the fame benefits as are herein-before provided in regard to troops upon the march; but no recruit enlisted after the two days subsequent to the arrival of the party at their recruiting ffation, (hall be entitled to be supplied with diet and small beer at the rate herein-before prefcribed, except at the option of the person on whom he (hall be quartered: provided also neverthelefs, that in cafe any such recruiting party, with the recruits by them raifed, shall remove from their ffation, and after a time shall return to the fame place, they, and their recruits by them raifed, fo returning, shall not be again entitled to the supply of diet and small beer for such two days as aforesaid, unless the period between

1795 ] AnnoregnltricesimofextoGeorgxiIII. c. 37—59*  635

tween the time of their removal from such place, and their return thereto, (hall have exceeded twenty-eight days,

IX.  And it further enacted, That this afliall have con- Continuance tinuance from the twenty-fourth day of March one thousand seven °fa^* hundred and ninety-fix, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-feven.

C A P. XXXVII.

An a eft for further continuing an adt made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An adt for eftabliffiing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland and the islands adjacent.—

[March 7, 1796.]—33 Geo. 3. c. 76. recited, and continued to June 10,

*79 7-

CAP. XXXVIII.

An adt for rendering effectual an adt of the thirty-fecond year of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parifties of Montgomery and Pool, and the places united therewith, in the counties of Montgomery and Salop.—[March 7,

1796.]

34 Geo. 3. c. 96, recited. Power to borrow 7,000!. Refignation or removal of directors. Returning lifts for directors and supplying vacancies therein. Honorary directors. Altering the number of directors and days of meeting. Dire<5tors at meetings to- form boards. Special constables may be appointed. Removal of paupers, orders in baftardy,

. Sec. Juftices may adt on complaint of diredtors, Sec, Diredtors, 8cc. may apprehend runaway poor. Official feal. Reftridtion as to the use of lpirituous liquors in house of induftry. Ten pounds penalty on officers embezzling goods, Sec. Officers to account. Compounding debts, Scc.

Prefervation of poors’ books, writings, &c. Enforcing a due application of charitable benefadtions, &c. General money donations.

Exchange of poors' eftates, Provisions of former adt to extend to this,

Sixpences of the adt how to be paid. Publickadt.

CAP. XXXIX.

An aft to amend an a St made in the second year of the reign of hit present Majefy, intituled, An adt for the better preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain, called England.-—

[ March 24; 1796.]

WHEREAS an aft was pajfecl in the second year of the reign of his Preamble.

prefent Majefy, intituled, An a<ft for the better preservation * jo°recited; of the game in that part of Great Britain called England, zvhereby ' 1 J ■it is among other things enafted, that no perj'on or perfons, after the firs day of June one thousand seven hundred and fxly~two, fall, upon ■any pretence whatfoever, take, kill, defroy, carry, fell. buy, or have in his, her, or their pojfeffion or ufe, any partridge, between the twelfth day of February and the firs day of September in any year, under the penalty by the said aft laid and impofed: and whereas the f arching for, taking and killing of partridges Jo early in the year as the firs day of September, has been found very prejudicial to the corn then grozu-ing or uncuf or cut and not carried3 may it therefore please your ’  Majesty

636

and fo much as relates to killing partridges before Sept, i, repealed.

No partridge to lbe killed, &c. between Ftb. la, and Sept. 14.

.Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40. [1795.

Majelty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent mojefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the pasting of this a£t, fo much of the said a£l as relates to the taking, killing, deftroying, ufing, or having, any partridge before the first day of Septembet- in any year, (hall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

II.  And be it further enabled, That, from and after the palling of this adt, no person or persons (hall, on any pretence whatsoever, take, kill, deftroy, carry, fell, buy, or have in his, her, or their pofleftion or ufe, any partridge, between the twelfth day of February and the fourteenth day of September in any year; and if any person or persons (hall transgress this a£t in the cafe afore-faid, every such person (hall be liable to the fame penalty as by the said adt is laid and imposed on any person or persons tranf-grefling the fame : such penalty to be impofed, inflidted, recovered, applied, and disposed of, in such apd the fame manner and under such and the fame rules, regulations, and reftridfions, as in and by'the said adt is provided and directed, with respect to the penalty thereby imposed on persons transgressing the said adt#

CAP. XL.

An a£t to continue several laws relating to the giving further encouragement to the importation of naval (tores from the British colonies in America ; to the encouragement of the (ilk. manufactures ; and for taking off several duties on merchandize exported, and reducing other duties ; to the* preventing the clandestine running of goods,and the danger of infedtion thereby; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty’s plantations in America ; to the free importation of cochineal and indigo ; to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irifh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns, made of flax; to the importing fait from Europe into the province of Quebec in America ; to the encouraging the manufacture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price .of such bark shall exceed a certain rate ; to the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain $ to the allowing the importatien of rape feed, and other feeds used for extradting oil,''•whenever the prices of middling British rape feed ihall be above a certain limit; to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum (hipped as (tores, to be consumed on board merchant ships in their voyages ; to the clandestine running of uncuftomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customs ; to the further punifh-ment of persons going armed or difguifed, in defiance of the laws of customs or excife; to the free importation of certain raw hides and skins from Ireland, and the British plantations in America $ and to the duties on spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England.— [March 24, 1796.]

So much of 8 Geo. 1. c. 12. as relates to the importation of wood and timber from America duty free, continued to Sep. 29, 1802. So much of 8 Geo, 1. c. 15. as relates to the encouragement of the silk manufactures of this kingdom, and to taking off several duties on merchandize exported, continued to June 24, 1802.  8  Geo. 1. c. 18. to prevent the

clandefUine running of goods, &c. (except the clauses obliging all ships to perform quarantine) continued to Sep. 29, 1802. 5 Geo.2.c. 24. except

fuch part as relates to importation and exportation of foreign coffee intq,

*



1795-] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii HI. c. 41—43- 637

and from, the British colonies in America, continued to June 24, 1802.

7 Geo. a. c. 18. for'the free importation of cochineal and indigo, continued to Sep. 29, 1802. 29 Geo. a. c. 15. granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irifli linens exported, See. continued to June 24,

1797.  4 Geo. 3. c. 19. for importing fait into Quebec, continued to June 24, 180a.  12  Geo.  3.  c. 50. for encouraging the manufacture of leather,

continued for feven,years. 23 Geo. 3. c. 77. for encouragement of the manufadures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, continued to June 24,

1797. 35 Geo. 3. c. 117. for allowing the importation of rape and other feeds for extracting oil, continued to June 24, 1797. So much of 19 Geo.

3.  c. 22. as relates to allowing a drawback of the duties on rum, fiiipped as ft ores in merchant fhips, continued to July 5, 1801. 5 Geo. 1. c. rr. against clandestine running of uncuftomed goods, continued to Sep. 29,

1802. So much of 19 Geo. 2. c. 34. as relates to further punifoment of persons going armed or difguifed, &c. and for relief of officers in informations upon feizures, continued to Sep. 29, 1802. So much of 9 Geo- 3. c. 39. as relates to the free importation of raw hides and (kins from Ireland and the British plantations in America, continued to June 1, 1803. So much of 33 Geo. 3. c. 61. as imposes a duty on spirits made in Scotland and imported into England, continued to Dec. 1, 1802.

C A p. XLL

An a<ft for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix.

—[March 24, 1796.]

CAP. XLII.

An ad for enabling the company of proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham canal navigation to finish and complete the fame; and for amending the ad of parliament, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.—[March 24, 1796.]

A (ft 33 Geo. 3. c. 38, recited. The company may raise fifty thoufan-d pounds more, by halfftiares of fifty pounds each. Calls for money not to exceed twenty pounds per cent, nor be made within a less distance of each other than three months. Proprietors of whole shares under difabilities, enabled to fubferibe for half fhares. Additional sum of thirty thousand pounds to be raised if necefiary. Company to pay five pounds per cent, mtereft on calls. Seven of the committee to make a quorum. The proprietors in three months to become fnbfcribers for half fhares, or the company may dispose of them.

CAP. XLIII.

An a<ft to enlarge the powers of an a<ft, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, ‘ An ad for the better paving, cleanfing, repairing, lighting, and watching, the highways, ftreets, and lanes, of, and in the vill of Ramfgate, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing annoyances therein, and for erecting a market houfe, and holding a publick market in the said vill/—[ March 24, 1796.]

Commifiioners empowered to borrow two thousand pounds. An addi- . tional duty of one (hilling a chaldron or ton of coals brought into Ramfgate. Duty to be paid before any cocket or other discharge is made out. Commifiioners may borrow any further 1'um not exceeding two thousand pounds, and money may be railed by annuities. Commifiioners to raise and continue five hundred pounds on annuities to ad as a sinking fund. Commifiioners to reduce the duty of one (hilling per chaldron on coal, &c. as soon as two thousand pounds and interest are paid off. When the whole

of

 GOO^Ic

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgia III. c. 44—^46. [1795.

of the debt is paid off, the majority of the inhabitants may continue the duty for ten years, or direct it to ceafe. For preventing nuisances in the town, and annoyances on the footways, and carriages not to be left in the ftreet. Commiffioners maycaufe the names of streets to be put up, and houses numbered. For recovery of market tolls.

C A P. XLIV.

An ad to vary and alter the line of the canal, authorised to be made by an ad palled in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Ma-jefty, intituled, ‘ An ad for making a navigable canal from the river Kennet, at or near the town of Newbury, in the county of Berks, to the river Avon, at or near the city of Bath and also certain navigable cuts therein defcribed; and to amend the said ad ; and also to make a certain navigable cut therein defcribed.—[March 24, 1796.]

The company to make variations in the line of the canal at their own expence. No steam engine to be erected near the earl of Aikfbury’s house that does not consume its own fmoke. Where the right in (hares pafles from one to another, otherwise than by transfer, an affidavit to be made and regiftered. No proprietor to vote until call paid. The principal clerk may appoint a deputy.

CAP. XLV.

An ad to amend and render more effectual an ad, passed in the thirty* first year of the reign of his'prefent Majesty, intituled, ‘ An ad for repairing, paving, and cleanling, the highways, ftreets, and lanes, within the town and borough of Deal, in the county of Kent; and for removing and preventing encroachments, obftrudions, nuisances and annoyances therein/—[March 24,1796.]

Power to borrow two thousand pounds. Five commissioners to make a quorum. An additional duty of sixpence a chaldron or ton of coals brought to Deal. When the money borrowed is paid off, the rates may be reduced.

CAP. XLVI.

An ad for making a navigable canal from the river Exe, near the town of Topfham, in the county of Devon, to the river Tone, near the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerfet; and for cleanling and making navigable a certain part of the said river Tone; and for making certain cuts from the Did canal.—[March 24, 1796.]  J

Company of proprietors incorporated by the name of e The Company of Proprietors of the Grand Weftern Canal/ Company may make inclined planes. For prefevving the streams now flowing to mills upon the rivers Tone and Clift, for securing to the mills the water of the Culm, and appointing commissioners to ascertain means for supplying the canal with the surplus water. For conducting under the canal the feeders of the Culm and Exe. Fifty pounds penalty for pounding the waters of the Culm into any of the refervoirs. Company not to deviate more than one hundred yards from the line of the canal. Width of canal and towing paths not to exceed thirty yards. If the company do not fence off towing paths and make bridges, land owners may do it at their expence. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the company. The company may make five hundred yards of the river Tone navigable. Commiffioners for determining differences, but if the parties refuse to submit to their determination, a jury to assess damages. Proceedings of commissioners lhall be enteicd in a book. When determination of commiffioners, &c» are recorded, lands to vest in proprietors. Compenfation for tithes of lands used in the undertaking. Company may raise two hundred and twenty thousand pounds by (hares of one hundred pounds each ; and if that is not fufficient, one hundred and ten thousand pounds more may be raifed. Intereft at five pounds per cent, per annum to be paid on money raifed,

until

1795-] AnnoregnitricesimofextoGEORGii III. c. 47—51.

until the canal is completed. First general assembly of proprietors to meet on Thurfday three weeks after this adt is patted. Appointment of officers. General afTembly may audit and fettle accounts. General meetings, or committees, may make calls. General afTembly may remove committees, and make bye laws. Powers of committees. Power to compel payment of fubfcriptions. Directing the mode of felling fhares. Company to admit land owners to fhares. Rates of tonnage. For lime, limeftone, and manure, one penny a ton, per mile. For lime and limeftone, (except for manure) ircnftone, ironore, leadore, and all other ores, ftones, tiles, flates, bricks, flagftones, clay, and fand, and materials for repairing roads, two-pence a ton, per mile. For rough timber, iron in pigs and bars, lead in pigs and fheets, tin in lumps and bars, charcoal, fait, cheefc, corn, hay, and ftraw, three-pence a ton, per mile. For coals, culm, coak, and cinders, two-pence a ton, per mile. For wrought metals, oils, wines, liquors, groceries, earthen wares, and all other goods not before mentioned, four-pence a ton, per mile. Company may fix the price of carriage of small parcels. Rates, how to be recovered. Fifty feet of round, and forty feet of square oak, afh or elm timber, and fifty feet of fir or deal balk, poplar, beech or birch, not cut into fcantlings, shall be deemed a ton weight. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. Canal to be meafured, and stones erected every mile. No coal carried upon the canal {hall be landed at Topfham, or within fix miles of Exeter; and for charging a duty on coals carried through the navigable channel of of the Exe. For saving the petty customs and town dues of Exeter; and the rights of the corporation of Exeter in cranes and quays at Exeter and Topfham.

C A P. XLVII.

An adt for making a navigable canal from or near Gain's Crofs, in the parish of Shillington Okeford, in the county of Dorfet, to communicate with the Kennet and Avon canal, at or near Widbrookj in the county of Wilts, and also a certain navigable branch from the intended canal.— [March 24, 1796.]

C A P. XLVIII.

An adt to vary and alter the line of a canal authorised to be made by an adt, pasted in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, -intituled, ‘ An adt for making and maintaining a navigable canal, with certain railways and stone roads, from several collieries in the county of Somerfet, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon canal, in the parish of Bradford, in the county of Wilts/ and to alter and amend the said adt.

CAP. XLIX.

An adt for paving, repairing, and cleansing the highways, ftreets, and lanes, in the town of Folkeftone, and liberty thereof, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing nuifanees and annoyances therein.

CAP. L.

An adt for lighting and watching the ftreets, and other publick passages and places, within the town of Wakefield, in the county of York, and for more effectually cleansing the fame, and removing and preventing obftrudtions, nuifanees, and annoyances therein.

CAP. LI.

An adt for paving, lighting, cleanfing, and otherwise improving, the ftreets, and other publick paftages and places, within the town of Bee-cles, in the county of Suffolk.

CAP.

Preamble.

10 Geo. 3. c, 38,

a** Geo. 3. c 58, and 39 Geo. 3. c, 5l*

Duties impof-ed by the before-mentioned adts, on receipts for legacies or refidues of personal eftates, on which new ones are hereby laid, to ceafe.

New duties.

CAP. XII.

An aft for repealing certain duties on legacies and Jbares of personal ejlates, and for granting other duties thereon, in certain cafes*— [April 26, 1796.3

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS it is expedient that the duties mpofed by divers afts of the twentieth^ twenty-third, and twenty-ninth years of your Majefly’s reign, on every skin or piece of vellum or parchment) or Jheet or piece of paper) upon which any receipt) or other discharge for any legacy left by any will or other left amentary inftrument, or for a?iy share or part of a perfonalejlate) divided by force of the jlatutc of dijiribu-tionS) or the cujfom of any province or place) Jhould be ingrojfed, printed, or written) Jhould be repealed) as to such receipts or difeharges for which new duties fall be granted by this aft; and that new duties Jhould be granted in lieu of the duties fo repealed; and that the provi-fions made by the said several afts for collecting the duties thereby im-pofed) Jhould be further enforced) as to the duties which shall not be repealed by this aft: we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, as well for the purposes aforesaid, as towards railing the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan made by t'irtue of any aft or afts for that purpose palled or to be passed in this felfion of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to grant unto your Majesty the duties herein-after mentioned: and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enafted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the several duties by the said several afts im-pofed on all receipts and difeharges for legacies given by any will or other testamentary inftrument, and for (hares or parts of refldue of personal estate upon which any duty (hall be imposed by this aft, (hall, from and after the palling this aft, ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable ; and fo much of the said several afts as relate to such duties fo repealed, and the payment thereof, shall be, and the fame are hereby also repealed.

II.  And be it further enafted. That upon every legacy, fpecifick_or pecuniary, or of any other defeription, of the amount or value of twenty pounds or more, given by any will or testamentary instrument of any person who shall die after the pafling of this aft, out cf the personal estate of the person fo dying, and also upon the clear refldue, and upon every part of the clear refldue of the personal estate of every person who shall fo die, whether teftate or inteftate, and leave personal estate of the clear value of one hundred pounds or upwards, which shall remain after dedufting debts, funeral expences, and other

charges.

1795-1 Anno regnl tricesimo sexto Georgii IHLc. 52.  641

charges, and fpecifick and pecuniary legacies, (if any,) whether the title to such refidue, or to any part thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any tettamentary difpofition, or upon intettacy, there shall be raifed, levied, colledled, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccettors, the several duties, after the rates and in manner following; (that is to fay,) where any such legacy, or any residue or part of residue of any such personal ettate, (hall be given or shall pass to or for the benefit of a brother or fitter of the deceafed, or any descendant of a brother or fitter of the deceafed, there shall be charged a duty of two pounds for every one hundred pounds of the value of any such legacy, or residue or part of refidue, and fo after the fame rate for any greater or less sum ; where a,ny such legacy, or any residue or part of residue of any such personal eftate, shall be given or shall pass to or for the benefit of a brother or litter of a father or mother of the deceafed, or any descendant of a brother or fitter of a father or mother of the deceafed, there shall be charged three pounds for every one hundred pounds of the value of luch legacy, or residue or part of refidue, and fo after the fame rate for any greater or less sum ; and where any such legacy, or any residue or part of residue of any such personal ettate, shall be given or shall pass to or for the benefit of a brother or fitter of a grandfather or grandmother of the deceafed, or any descendant of a brother or fitter of a grandfather or grandmother of the deceafed, there shall be charged a duty of four pounds for every one hundred pounds of the value of such legacy, or residue or pare of refidue, and fo after _the fame rate for any greater or less sum ; and where any such legacy, or residue or part of residue of any such personal ettate, shall be given or shall pass to or for the benefit of any person in any other degree of collateral confangui-nity to the deceased than is herein-before deferibed, or any ttranger in blood to the deceafed, there shall be charged a duty of fix pounds for every one hundred pounds of the value of such legacy, or residue or part of refidue, and fo after the fame rate for any greater or less sum : provided always. That nothing herein Duties not to contained shall extend to charge with any duty any legacy, or  to

any residue or part of refidue, of any personal ettate, which (hall h^an'e^or be given or shall pass to or for the benefit of the husband or wife wives, or the of the deceafed, or to or for the benefit of any of the royal family, royal family.

III.  And be it further euaetted. That the said duties shall be Duties to be under the care, management, and direction, of the committioners under the my for the time being appointed to manage the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper ; who, or the major part of them, f10en<rrs for ~ are hereby empowered and required to employ the necefiary ftampts, officers under them for that purpose, and to cause four new stamps to be provided to denote the several rates of duty hereby impofed; that is to fay, One ttamp to denote the rate of two pounfs per centum, one other ttamp to denote the rate of three pounds per centum, and one other ttamp to denote the rate of four pounds per centum, and one ether ttamp to denote the rate of fix pounds per centum, and the fame tg alter or renew whenever itfh$!l berequifite,

Vol, XL.  T t  and

642  Anno regni uicefimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5a. [1795.

and to do all things necessary for carrying this aft into execution, according to the rules, methods, and direftions, herein contained, in as full and ample a manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorised and empowered to put in execution any law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, or paper. CommilTion- IV. And be it further enafted, That the said commissioners receWers^of'11  by-writing under their hands and feals, or the hands and

the duties,  seals of the major part of them, appoint proper persons in the

and to keep  several counties, fbires, flewartries, ridings, and divilions, in

accounts,  Great Britain, as occalion (hall require, to collect and receive

1 erfonal1 & duties hereby impofed, and to keep proper accounts thereof, estates in re- to be transmitted to the head office of the said commiffioners; ipeA of which and upon payment of any such duty, if paid at the head office of the duties  the said commiffioners, the said commissioners shall cause the

hsve been  fame to be duly entered in their books, and to be fet down

therein to the account of the personal estate in respect whereof the said duty shall be paid, and shall make like entries in their books, upon transmission of the proper accounts for that pur-pofe from the several officers to be appointed by the said commissioners in the different counties, fliires, flewartries, ridings, and divilions, aforesaid, to whom they shall from time to time give proper orders for such purpose; and the accounts of such payments shall be kept, with proper references, in alphabetical order, according to the surname of the teftator, teflatrix, or in-teflate, in respect of whose personal estate such payments shall have been made refpeftivelv, fo that it may at all times appear upon the books of the said commiffioners, what payments have been made in respect of the personal estate of any teflator, tefla-tiix, or inteflate.

V.  And in order that all persons may- be enabled to take receipts and difcbarges on the payment or satisfaction of any legacy, or re-fulue of any personal eflate, or any part thereof according to the Commiffion- directions prescribed by this aft: be it further enafted, That it ers may pro- fha]l be lawful for the said commissioners of stamp duties, from receipts11 ^ time to time, to provide sufficient quantities of paper adapted which may be f°r such receipts or discharges as aforesaid, and to cause to ufed,orothers be printed thereon the form of words in the schedule hereof the like forms.

Duties to be paid by executors or ad-miniftrators on retaining or paying legacies.

or

unto annexed; and it shall also be lawful for any of his Majesty^s fubjefts, requiring such receipts or difcharges, to cause the fame to be duly filled up with fums, names, and date, according to the provisions before-mentioned, and also upon any vellum or parchment, or upon any other paper not provided by the said commiffioners, to use the like form whenever there shall be occafion.

VI. And be it further enafted, That the duties hereby imposed fhall, in all cafes in which it is not hereby otherwise provided, be accounted for, anfwered, and paid, by the person or persons having or taking the burthen of the execution of the will or other tellamentary inflrument, or the administration of the personal estate of any person deceafed, upon retainer for his, her, or their own benefit, or for the benefit of any other perfon

1795*1 -A-nn(^ regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.  643

or perfons, of any legacy, or any part of any legacy, or of the residue of any personal eftate, or any part of such refidue, which he, {he, or they shall be entitled fo to retain, either In his, her, or their own right, or in the right or for the benefit of any other person or perfons; and also upon delivery, payment, or other satisfaction or discharge whatfoever, of any legacy, or any part of any legacy, or of the residue of any personal eftate, or any part of such refidue, to which any other person or persons shall be entitled ; and in cafe any person or persons having or notpafdbe-taking the burthen of fuch, execution or administration as afore- fore legacies faid, shall retain for his, her, or their own benefit, or for the are retained benefit of any other person or perfons, any legacy, or any part by executors, of any legacy, or the residue of any personal eftate, or any Part foey1J1Ca^lecl, of such refidue, which such person or persons shall be entitled fo deduced it, to retain, either in his, her, or their own right, or in the right the amount or for the benefit of any other person or perfons, and upon which to be a debt ' any duty shall be chargeable by virtue of this adt, not having fir ft paid such duty, or IhaJl deliver, pay, or otherwise howsoever and ^[hey satisfy or discharge any legacy, or any part of any legacy, or pay legacies the residue of any personal eftate, or any part thereof, to which without de-any other person or persons shall be entitled, and upon which any ^ duty shall be chargeable by virtue of this adl, having received or Jjebt * deduced the duty fo chargeable, then and in every of such cafes, from both the duty which shall be due and payable upon every such legacy, parties, and part of legacy and refidue, and part .of residue refpedlively, and which shall not have been duly paid and satisfied to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, according to the provisions of this adf, shall be a debt of such person or persons having or taking the burthen of such execution or administration as afore -faid, to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors; and in cafe any such person or persons fo having or taking the burthen of such execution or administration as aforesaid, shall deliver, pay, or otherwise howsoever satisfy or discharge any such legacy or refidue, or any part of any such legacy or refidue, to or for the benefit of any person or persons entitled thereto, without having received or deduced the duty chargeable thereon, (fuch duty not having been firftduly paid to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, according to the provisions herein contained,) then and in every such cafe such duty shall be a debt to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefTors, both of the person or persons who shall make such delivery, payment, fatisfadfion, or difcharge, and of the person or persons to whom the fame shall be made,

VII. And be it further enacled, That any gift by any will  ,je

or testamentary instrument of any person dying after the palling cSTvlthbfftie of this adl, which (hall, by virtue of such will or testamentary intent of this inftrument, have effedt, or be satisfied out of the personal estate adti of such person fo dying, or out of any personal estate which such person (hall have power to dispose of as he or file shall think fit, shall be deemed and taken to be a legacy within the intent and meaning of this adf, whether the fame shall be given by way of annuity or in any other form, and whether the fame shall be

T T 2  _  charged.

644  Anno  regni tricefitno sexto Georgii III. c. 52, [1795.

charged only on such personal eftate, or charged also on real eilate of the testator or teftatrix who shall give the fame; except fo far as the fame (hall be paid or satisfied out of such real eflate, in a due execution of the will or testamentary instrument by which the fame shall be given ; and every gift which shall have effect as a donation mortis caufa, shall also be deemed a legacy within the intent and meaning of this acl.

The value of VIII. And be it further enacted. That the value of any legacy annuities, given by way of annuity, whether payable annually or otherwife,

tS be cal cuty> 4f°r

any life or lives, or for years determinable on any life or lated accord- lives, or for years or other period of time, shall be calculated, and the duty chargeable thereon shall be charged, according to

ing to the annexed tables, and

the tables in the schedule hereunto annexed: and the duty the dut n<aid c^argea^^e on hich annuity shall be paid by four equal payments, by inftal-  the  which payments of duty shall be made before or on

ments, &c.  completing the payment of the first year’s annuity, and the three

others of such payments of duty shall be made in like manner fueceffively, before or on completing the respective payments of the three fucceedine years annuity refpeftively; and the value of any such annuity, if determinable upon any contingency besides the death of any person or perfons, shall be calculated without regard to such contingency: provided always, That if any such annuity (hall determine by the death of any perfon, before four years payment of such annuity shall become due and payable, then and in such cafe the duty shall be payable in proportion only to fo many of the payments of the (aid annuity as actually accrued and became due and payable; and in cafe any such annuity shall at any time determine upon any other contingency than the death of any person or perfons, then and in such cafe, not only all payments of duty which would otherwise become due after the happening of such contingency, if any such would become due, shall ceafe;but it shall be lawful for the person or persons who shall have paid any duties which shall have previously become due, to apply for and obtain a return of fo much of the duty fo paid as will reduce the fame to the like duty as would have been payable by such person or persons for such annuity, calculated according to the term for which the fame shall have endured; which abatement the said commifiioners for management of the stamp duties thall fettle and determine according to the tables in the schedule hereunto annexed, and shall cause the amount of such abatement to be paid to the person or persons entitled to the fame, out of any monies in their hands arising from the duties imposed by this adf.

The value of IX. And be it further enafted, That the value of any legacy annuities given by way of annuity for any life or lives, or for years ades °and^ determinable on any life or lives, or for years or other period of th^duty to be  and  charged on and made payable out of any other legacy

calculated or legacies, shall be calculated, and the duty shall be charged according to thereon, in the fame manner as herein-before directed with theantiextd respect toother annuities; and the duty on the legacy charged duty^be C Wlt^ annuity, if any duty shall be payable for such legacy,

fhall

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.  645

(hall be calculated on the value of such legacy, after deducing charged on the value of such annuity; and the duty fur such annuity (hall ^h^wies be paid by the perfonor persons entitled to the legacy or legacies after dedud-charged with such annuity, by four equal payments, in the fame ing such manner as the fame would be payable according to the provi- annuities; &c, fions herein-before contained, if such annuity had been a direct gift to the annuitant, and subject to the like proviso in cafe such annuity {hall determine before four years payment shall become due; and the payment which shall be made for such duty, shall be retained by the person or persons paying the fame, out of the firff four years payments of such annuity, if fo many shall become due, or out of fo many of such payments as shall become clue by equal portions.

X.  And be it further enadfed, That the duty payable upon any Dutyonlega-legacy given by diredfion to purchase with any personal effate of cies£lV5n to the testator or teffatrix, or any part thereof, an annuity of a nuities to be certain amount for the life or lives of any person or perfons, or calculated on any other term, shall be calculated upon the sum necelTary to the sums purchase such annuity according to the tables before-mentioned, necedary to and shall be deduced from such fum, and paid as in the cafe of other pecuniary legacies; and the person or persons paying or satisfying such legacy, and the person or persons for whose benefit the fame shall be paid or fatisfied, shall be difeharged, by payment of such duty fo calculated as aforesaid, from all other demands in respect of the duty payable on such legacy; and the annuity to be purchased for the benefit of the person or persons entitled to the benefit of such legacy, shall be reduced in proportion to the amount of the duty payable thereon as aforesaid, such redudfion to be calculated in the fame manner as the duty fo payable is herein-before directed to be calculated; and the purchase of such reduced annuity, together with the payment of such duty, shall satisfy and discharge such legacy as fully as if an annuity had been purchased equal in amount to the annuity fo directed to be purchafed. ,

XI.  And be it further enadfed, That if any benefit shall be Duty onlega-given by any will or teffamentary inffrument, in such terms that cies whose the amount or value of such benefit can only be afeertained from ^ afc-rtakied time to time, by the adfual application for that purpose of the by application fund allotted for such purpose, or made chargeable therewith; or of the allotted if the amount or value of any benefit given by any will or teffa- to be mentary inffrument, cannot, by reason of the form and manner ^he money1 as of the gift, be fo afeertained that the duty can be charged thereon applied- * under any other of the diredfions herein contained; then and in every such cafe, such duty shall be charged upon the several sums of money or effedfs which shall be applied from time to time for the purposes directed by such will or teffamentary inffrument, as separate and diffindf legacies or bequeffs, and shall be paid out of the fund applicable for such purposes, or charged with anfweringthe fame.

XII.  And be it further enadfed, That the duty payable on a How duty on legacy or refidue, or part of reiidue of any personal dtate, given l-gacies

T T 3  to  enjoyed by

 GoOglC

646

perfons in fucceflion, or having partial interests therein, shall be charged,

and bv whom payable.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto GeorgixIII. c. 52. [1793.

to or for the benefit of, or fo that the fame shall be enjoyed by different persons in fucceffion, who shall be chargeable with the duties hereby imposed at one and the fame rate, (hall be charged upon and paid out of the legacy or refidue, or part of refidue, fo given, as in th,e cafe of a legacy to one perfon; and where any legacy or refidue, or part of refidue, shall be given to or for the benefit of, or fo that the fame shall be enjoyed by different persons in fucceffion, fomeor one of whom shall be chargeable with no duty, or some of whom shall be chargeable with different rates of duty, fo that one rate of duty cannot be immediately, charged thereon, all persons who, under or in consequence of any such bequeft, shall be entitled for life only, or any other temporary in-tereft, shall be chargeable with the duty in refpetft of such bequeft, in the fame manner as if the annual produce thereof had been given by way of annuity; and such persons refpeciively shall be fo chargeable with such duty, and the fame shall be payable when they shall refpediively become entitled to and begin to receive such produce, and shall be paid by equal portions during the aforesaid term of four years, if they (hall fo long continue to receive such produce; and where any other partial jntereft shall be given, or (hall arise out of such property fo to be enjoyed in fucceffion, the duty on such partial interest shall be charged and paid in the fame manner as the duty is hereinbefore directed to be charged and paid in like cafes of partial interefts, charged on any property given, otherwise than to different persons in fucceffion; and all and every person and persons who shall become absolutely entitled to any such legacy or refidue, or part of refidue, fo to be enjoyed in fucceffion, fhall, when and as such person or persons respectively (hall receive the fame or begin to enjoy the benefit thereof, be chargeable with and pay the duty for the fame, or such part thereof as shall be fo received, or of which the benefit shall be fo enjoyed, in the fame manner as if the fame had come to such person or persons immediately on the cleath of the person by whom such property shall have been given to be enjoyed, or in such manner that the fame shall be enjoyed in fucceffion.

XIII.  And be it further enacted, That the duty payable on any legacy or refidue, or part of refidue, fo givpn to, or fo to be enjoyed by different persons in fucceffion, upon whom the duty shall be chargeable at one and the fame rate, shall be deducted and paid by the person or persons having or taking the burthen of the execution of the will or testamentary instrument under which the title thereto shall arife, upon payment or other latis-faction or discharge of every or any part of such legacy or refidue, or part of refidue, to any trustee or truftees, or other person or persons to whom the fame shall be payable or paid in trust or for the benefit of the persons fo entitled thereto in succession ; and if the fame shall not be fo paid or satisfied to any such trustee or truftees, then such duty shall be deduced and paid out of the capital of the property fo given, upon receipt, by any of the persons fo entitled in fucceffion, of any produce of fuch

capitals

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.  64-7  -

capital, or any part thereof, according'to the amount of the capital of which such produce shall be fo received; and where . the duty chargeable upon any such bequest for the benefit of or to be enjoyed by different persons in fucceflion, shall be chargeable at different rates, fo that the fame cannot be paid at one and the fame time, but must be paid in fuccefiion as aforesaid, then and in. such cafe, all and every the person and persons having or taking the burthen of the execution of the will or testamentary instrument in which such bequefi: shall be contained, shall be chargeable with such duties in fucceftion, in the fame manner as such persons would be chargeable with the like duties in cafe of immediate bequeff; unless the property bequeathed shall have been paid or otherwise satisfied to or veiled in any trustees or truflee as aforesaid, in which cafe such trustees or truflee, or his, her, or their representatives, shall be chargeable with the duties for and in respect of such property fo veiled in him, her, or them refpedlively, in such and the fame manner as if he, fhe, or they had had or taken the burthen of the execution of the will or testamentary inilrument, by which such bequeil shall have been made; and in like manner, where any partial interest shall be given, or shall arise out of any such property fo to be enjoyed in fucceffion, ancj such partial intereil shall be satisfied or paid by the person or persons fo enjoying such property, such person or persons shall be chargeable with the duties for and in respect of such partial interefl, and shall retain and pay the fame accordingly, in such and the fame manner as if he, fhe, or they had had or taken the burthen of the execution of the will or testamentary inilrument, by which such partial interest shall have been created; and in all such cafes the person or persons fo chargeable with duty, shall be debtors to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, in like manner, and shall be subject to the like penalties, as the person or persons having or taking the burthen of the execution of such will or testamentary inilrument, are hereby made chargeable and subject to.

XIV.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plate, See. duty shall be paid on any articles of plate, furniture, or other ^kind^not^ things, not yielding any income, and given to or for the benefit liable to duty of, or fo as that the fame be enjoyed by, different persons in fuc- till in pofief-cefiion, whilst the fame shall be fo enjoyed in kind only by any fion of persons person or persons not having any power of felling or disposing thereof, fo as to convert the fame into money or other property thereof, yielding an income; but if the fame shall be actually fold or dif-pofed of, or shall come to any person or persons having power to fell or dispose thereof, or having an absolute intereil therein, then, and in each and every fuctf cafe, the fame duty shall be charge^ able and paid thereon as if the fame had been originally given abfolutely, and with full power to fell or dispose thereof, and shall ' be chargeable upon and paid by the person or persons for whose benefit the fame shall be fold, or who shall have power to fell or ciifpofe thereof, or an absolute intereil therein, and shall become the debt of such person or perfons; but.fhall not be a charge on

t t 4  ^  any

648  Anno  regni  tricefxmo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1795.

any person or persons by reason of his, her, or their having af-Tented to such bequeft, as the person or persons having or taking the burthen of the execution of the will or testamentary inftru-ment by which such bequest shall have been made.

Duty on lega- XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That where

> given by

cits enjoyed in .

wills or by inteftacy.

fucceffionto anY legacy> or any ^efidue or part of refidue, (hall be fog. be charged as anY will or testamentary inftrument, that different persons {hall such, whether become entitled thereto in fucceffion, the duty {hall be charged taken under thereon as given to be enjoyed in fucceflion, whether the person or persons entitled thereto shall take the fame under or by virtue of such will or testamentary inftrument, and the dispositions therein contained, or in default of such difpofitions, and as entitled by inteftacy.

^utY on lega- XVI. And be it further enadled, That where any legacy, or tenanc ^tc^be re^ue or Part °f refidue, shall be given to or for the benefit of any paid in pro- person or persons in joint tenancy, some or one of whom shall be portion to the chargeable with any duty hereby impofed, and some or one of whom intere$ of the (hall not befo chargeable, the person or persons chargeable with Partlcs*  duty shall pay such duty in proportion to the interest of such per-

fon or persons respectively in such bequest ; and if any person or persons chargeable with duty, and entitled in joint tenancy as> aforesaid, shall become entitled by furvivorfhip, or by severance of the joint tenancy, to any larger interest in the property bequeathed, than that in respect of which such duty shall have been paid, then and in such cafe, all and every such person or persons fo becoming entitled by furvivorfhip, or by feverance, shall be charged with the fame duty as if the property to which such joint tenant or joint tenants shall fo become entitled had been originally given to or for the benefit of such person or persons only.

Duty on lega- XVII. And be it further enacted, That when any legacy, or cies iubjedt to any residue or part of refidue, shall be given, subject to any con-tingency which may defeat such gift, 2nd whereupon the fame may as for absolute g° to fi3111!2 other persons or perfon, such bequest (unlefs charge-bequtfts, &c. able as an annuity under the provisions herein contained) shall be charged with duty as an absolute bequeft, to the person or persons who shall take the fame fubjedf to such contingency, and such duty shall be paid out of the capital of such legacy, or residue or part of refidue, notwithstanding the fame may, upon such contingency, go to some person not chargeable with the fame duty, or with any duty ; and if such contingency (hall afterwards happen, and the property fo bequeathed shall thereupon go In such manner that the fame, if taken immediately after the death of the testator or teftatrix, under the fame title would have been chargeable with a higher rate of duty than the duty fo paid, the person or persons becoming entitled thereto, shall be charged with and shall pay the difference between the duty fo paid, and such higher rate of duty.

XVIII.  And be it further enadled, That where any legacy, or the residue or any part of the refidue, of any personal eftate, shall be' subjected to any power of appointment to or for the benefit of any person or persons specially named or deferibed as objects of such power, such property shall be charged with duty

ai

Hpw duty ori legacies fub-jedted to power of appointment shall be charged s ‘



1795-] Anno regni tricesimo lexto Georgia III. c. 52.  649

as property given to different persons in succession ; and in fo charging such duty, not only the person and persons who (hall take previous or subject to such power of appointment, but also any person and perfonS who shall take under or in default of any such appointment, when and as they (hall fo take refpedtively,

(hall, in respect of their several interefts, whether previous, or fubjedf to, or under, or in default of such appointment, be charged with the fame duty, and in the fame manner, as if the fame interests had been given to him, her, or them refpedfively, in and by the will or testamentary disposition containing such power, in the fame order and course of succession as (hall take place under and by virtue of such power of appointment, or in default of execution thereof, as the cafe may happen to be; and where any property (hall be given for any limited intereft, and a general and absolute power of appointment shall also be given to any person or persons to whom the property would not belong in default of such appointment, such property, upon the execution of such power, shall be charged with the fame duty, and in the fame manner, as if the fame property had been immediately given to the person or persons having and executing such power, after allowing any duty before paid in respect thereof; and where any property shall be given with any such general power of appointment, which property in default of appointment will belong to the person or persons to whom such power shall also be given, such property shall be charged with, and shall pay the duty by this a (St impofed, in the fame manner as if such property had been given to such person or persons absolutely in the fir ft inftance, without such power of appointment.

XIX. And be it further enadled, That any sum of money or and how on personal eftate, directed to be applied in the purchase of real personal ef-eftate, shall be charged with and pay duty as personal estate ; ^be unless the fame shall befo given as to be enjoyed by different per- jn pUrchafe of fons in fucceffion, and then each person entitled thereto in fuc-real eftates. celhon, shall pay duty for the fame in the fame manner as if the fame had not been 'directed to be applied in the purchase of real eftate, unless the fame shall have been actually applied in the purchase of real estate before such duty accrued ; but no duty shall accrue in refpedfc thereof, after the fame shall have been actually applied in the purchase of real eftate, for fo much thereof as shall have been fo applied: provided neverthelefs,That in cafe before the fame or some part thereof shall be actually fo applied, any person or persons shall become entitled to an estate of inheritance in pofieffion in the real estate to be purchased therewith, or with fo much thereof as shall not have been applied in the purchase of real eftate, the fame duty which ought to be paid by such person or perfons, if absolutely entitled thereto as personal estate by virtue of any bequest thereof as fuch, shall be charged on such person or perfons, and raised and paid out of the fund remaining to be applied in such purchafe.  Eftates pur

XX. And be it further enadfed, That the estates pur auter vie9 auter vie ap-applicable by law in the fame manner as personal eftate, shall be ^nal^eftatesr' charged with the duties hereby imposed as personal eftate.  to  -oe  cWo-cd

XXI.  Provided as such. *

 vji00^10

650

Money left to pay duty not chargeable as a legacy.

Modeofafcer-taining duty on property not reduced into money.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52, [1795•

XXI.  Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any direction (hall be given, by any will or testamentary internment, for payment of the duty chargeable upon any legacy or bequest out of some other fund, fo that such legacy or bequete may pass to the person or persons to whom or for whose benefit the fame {hall be given, free of duty, no duty (hall be chargeable upon the money to be applied for the payment of such duty, not-withftanding the fame may be deemed a legacy, to or for the benefit of the person or persons who would otherwise pay such duty.

XXII.  And be it further enabled, That in cafes of fpecifick legacies, and where the residue of any personal estate (hall con-flit of property which (ball not be reduced into money, it (hall be lawful for the person or persons having or taking the burthen of the adminiteration of such effebbs, or the person or persons by whom the duty thereon ought to be paid, to fet a value thereon, and offer to pay the duty according to such value ; or to require the commiteioners for management of the teamp duties, to appoint a person to fet such value, at the expence of the person or persons by whom such duty ought to be paid ; and it shall be lawful for the commiliioners to accept the duty offered to be paid, upon the value fet by the person or persons having or taking the adminiteration of such effects, or by whom the duty for the fame (ball be payable, without such appraifement, if the said commif-fioners (ball think fit fo to do ; but if the said commiteioners shall not be satisfied with the value fo fet, on which the duty shall be fo offered, it shall be lawful for the (aid commiflioners, notwith-teanding such offer, to appoint a person to appraife such effebls, and to fet the value thereon, on which value fofet the said commissioners shall assess the duty payable in respect thereof, and require the fame to be paid; but if the person or persons by whom such duty shall be payable, shall not be satisfied with the valuation made under the authority of the said commiflioners, and pay the duty accordingly, it shall be lawful for such person or persons to cause the valuation fo made under the authority of the said commiflioners, to be reviewed by the commissioners of the land tax for the time being, of the district or place where such effebfs shall be, at their next meeting, after the said commiteioners for management of the stamp duties shall have assessed and required payment of such duty as aforesaid, if fourteen days shall have elapsed between such time and the meeting of the said commiteioners of land tax, and if not, then at the next succeeding meeting of the said commiteioners, of which appeal fix days notice shall be given to the said commiteioners of teamp duties; and the said commissioners of the land tax shall and may (if they think fit) appoint a person to appraife such effedfs, and fet a value thereon, and (hall and may hear and determine such appeal, in the fame manner as in any other cafes of appeal to them, and with the like authorities, and their judgement (ball be final; and if the valuation made under the authority of the said commiteioners of the teamp duties in the cafe late-mentioned, shall not be duly appealed from within the

4  '  time

6$i

J795-] Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c 52*

time aforesaid, or shall be affirmed upon appeal, the duty shall be paid according to such valuation ; and if any variation shall be made on such appeal, the duty (hall be paid according to such variation ; and if the dutyaffeffed in manner aforesaid, shall exceed the duty offered to and refused by the said commissioners of stamp duties, the expence of such appraisement and other proceedings in affeffing such duty, shall be borne by the person or persons by whom such duly shall be payable; and if any dispute shall arise between any person or persons entitled to any such legacy, or refidue, or part of refidue, and any person or persons having or taking the burthen of the administration of such effects, with respect to the value thereof, ortfcith respect to the duty to be paid thereon, the duty shall be alfeffed by the said commissioners of stamp duties on reference to them by either party for that pur-pofe; and if the value of any property on which such duty ought to be paid shall be in difpute, the said commissioners of the stamp duties shall cause an appraisement to be made thereof, at the expence of the person or persons by whom such duty ought to be paid, in the manner herein-before directed in other cafes, and a fiefs the duty thereon accordingly; and if such person or persons by whom such duty ought to be paid, shall be dissatisfied with such valuation, or with the assessment of duty made upon such valuation by tiie said commissioners of the stamp duties, the fame shall be reviewed and finally determined by the said commissioners of the land tax, upon appeal to them within the time, and under the reftri&ions, and in the manner herein-before- directed in other cafes; but if such valuation or assessment shall not be duly appealed from within the time limited for that purpose, or shall be affirmed upon appeal, the duty shall be paid according thereto ; and if any variation shall be made therein on such appeal, the duty shall be paid according to such variation ; and in cafe the effects whereon any such duty shall be payable shall be at the distance often miles from London, then, and in such cafe, it shall be lawful to make the like application to such person as shall be deputed for that purpose by the said commissioners to a£t in their Head, in such cafes, within the county or dillridl in which such effects shall be ; and such person fo deputed shall adt in such cafes, in all refpe<5ts? in the fame manner as the said commissioners are hereby authorised to a£t, subject nevertheless to the inftruc-tions and controul of the fajd commiffioners.

XXIII And be it further enabled, That where any legacy, Duty on lega-or part of any legacy, or residue qr part of refidue, whereon any cies not fatis-duty shall be chargeable by this a£», shall be latisfied otherwise ^ tobe^id than by payment of money or application of fpecifick effects for according to that purpose, or (hall be released for confideratiop, qr compounded thevalueofthe for less than the amount or value thereof, then and in such cafe, fatisfa&ion. the duty shall be charged and paid in respect of such legacy, or part of legacy, or refidue, or part of refidue, according to the amount or value of the property taken in satisfaction thereof, or as the consideration for release thereof, or composition for the fame: provided always, That if any legacy or beejueft shall be

made

order them to pay coft& j

652  Anno  regni tricesimo sexto Georgii TIL c. 52. [1795.

made in fat is faction of any other legacy, or bequeft, or title to any refidue, or part of refidue, of any personal estate remaining unpaid, the duty shall not be paid on both fubej&s, although both may be chargeable with duty, but shall be paid on the subject yielding the largest duty.

If legatees XXIV. And be it further enadfed, That if any person or per-refufe to fons having or taking the burthen of the execution of the will or cie^^dut^^e- ot^er testamentary inftrument, or the administration of the per-duflted, the fonal estate of any person deceafed, or any other person or persons court, in cafe hereby made chargeable with duty, shall declare himfelf, herfelf, of fuit may or themselves ready and willing, and (ball accordingly offer to pay any pecuniary legacy, or refidue, or part of refidue, deducing the duty payable thereon, or shall in like manner offer to deliver or otherwise dispose of any fpecifick legacy, or any fpecihck property, part of any residue of any personal eftate, to or for the benefit of the person or persons entitled thereto, or to any trustee or trustees for such person or perfons, upon payment of the duty payable in respect thereof, and the person or persons entitled to such legacy, or refidue, or part of refidue, or the trustee or trustees for such person or perfons, shall refuse to accept such offer, and to give a proper release and discharge for such legacy or refidue, or fo much thereof as shall be offered to be paid, delivered, or other -wife disposed of as aforesaid, then and in’ such cafe, although no actual tender shall be made, if any fuit shall be afterwards instituted for such legacy or effects, refpecfting which such offer shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the court in which such fuit shall be inftituted, to order all cofts, charges, and expences attending the fame, to be paid by the person or persons who shall have refilled to accept such offer, and to give or join in such release or difcharge, or to order such cods, charges, and expences, to be dedudted and retained out of such legacy or effects, together with the duty payable thereon, as the said court shall fee fit; and in cafe any fuit shall be instituted for payment of any legacy, or refidue, or part of refidue, of any personal eftate, and the person or persons sued for the fame shall be defir-ous of flaying proceedings in such fuit, on payment of the money due, or delivering, or otherwise disposing of the fpeciiick effects demanded, after deducting or receiving the duty payable thereon, eluding duty, it shall be lawful for the court in which such fuit shall be inftituted,

make^order^ lt ^ee ^ on apphcatfon in a fumijnary way, to make such Serein.1" ** or<^er for payment of such legacy, or refidue, or part of refidue, or for delivering or otherwise disposing of such effedls, and for payment of the duty payable thereon, and all such cofts, charges, If fuit be infti- and expences, attending such fuit as shall bejuft. tilted concern-  XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any fuit shall be in-

SatfoS^the"  concerning the administration of the personal estate of

court to pro- anY Per^on dying teftate or inteftate, or any part of such estate in vide for pay- which any direction shall be given touching the payment of any ment of the legacies or legacy of such perfon, or the residue of his or her per-dutY-  fonal

and in suits where the party sued may wish to stop proceedings on payment of be-quefts, de-

HoSted by 

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.  653

fonal eftate, or any part thereof, the court wherein such fuit (hall be instituted fhall, in giving directions concerning the fame, provide for the due payment of the duties hereby impofed; and in taking any account of any personal eftate, orotherwife acting concerning the fame, such court {hall take care that no allowance (hall be made in respect of any legacy, or part of legacy, or of any refidue, or part of refidue, in any manner what-foever, without due proof of the payment of the duties hereby impofed.

XXVI.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That any Executors person or persons having or taking the burthen of the execution ,ma^ dilcharge of any will or other testamentary inftrument, or the adminiftra- payment of tion of the personal estate of any person deceafed, may from time the duty

to time pay, deliver, or otherwise dispose of any legacy, or any accrued* part of any legacy, or make distribution of any part of the residue of any personal eftate, on payment, from time to time, of such proportions of the duty hereby impofed, as {hall accrue in refpeCf of such part of such personal estate as {hall be fo adminiftered.

XXVII.  And be it further enatfted, That no person or persons No legacy, having or taking the burthen of die execution of any will or ^ be testamentary instrument, or the administration of^the personal without a estate of any person deceafed, nor any trustee or truftees, or other receipt con-perfon or persons hereby diretfted and required to account for any taining certain duty, (hall, from and after the passing of this a eft, pay, deliver, or Particular;5* otherwise dispose of, or in any manner fatisfy, dilcharge, or compound for, any legacy whatsoever, or any part thereof, or the

refidue of any personal eftate, or any part thereof, in refpetft whereof any duty is hereby impofed, without taking a receiptor discharge in writing for the fame, expre/Iing the date of such receipt or difeharge, and the names of the teftator, teftatrix, or inteftate, under whose will or testamentary difpofition, or upon whose inteftacy the title to such legacy or part of legacy, or to such refidue, or part of refidue, shall accrue, and of the person  *

or persons to whom such receipt or discharge {hall be given, and of the person or persons to whom such legacy or refidue, or part of refidue, shall have been given, or shall have belonged in con-fequence of inteftacy, and the amount or value of the legacy or part of legacy, or residue or part of refidue, for which such receipt or dilcharge shall be given, and also the amount and rate of the duty payable and allowed thereon; and that no written no receipt receipt or discharge for any legacy or part of any legacy, or for  UJl

the residue of any personal eftate, or any part of such refidue, in  See

refpedl whereof any duty is hereby impofed, shall be received in evidence, or be available in any manner whatever, unless the fame shall be ftamped, as required by this a<ft; and .no evidence whatsoever {hall be given of any payment, fatisfadtion, or discharge whatfoever, or of any release or compofttion of such legacy, or any part thereof, or of such refidue, or any part thereof, without producing such receipt or difeharge, duly stamped as aforesaid, unless the actual payment of the duty hereby impofed,

{hall

Copy of entry at stamp office of payment of duty, evidence. Stampt receipts for annuities not required but on compleat-ing payments for each of the first fouF years.

Annd regni tricesimo sexto Georgii IIL'c. 52. [179^.

fh all fir ft be given in evidence: provided always, That a copy of the entry, in the books of the commissioners of the (lamps, of the payment of such duty, (hall be admitted as evidence thereof: provided alfo, That payment of any annuity {hall not be deemed a payment for which such stamped receipt {hall be required, under the directions of this adl, except the several payments which shall conrtpleat the payments for each of the first four years, during which such annuity (hall be payable; and in like manner any payment in respect of any legacy or bequeft, hereby directed to be charged with the duty in the fame manner as annuities are hereby made chargeable with duty, (hall not be deemed a payment for which such stamped receipt (hall be required, except the several payments which {hall compleat the payments for each of the first four years in respect of which luch legacy or bequest (hall be chargeable' with duty as

an annuity.

Penalty of XXVIII. And be it further enacted. That any person having ioi. per cent, or taking the burthen of the execution of any will or tefta-tor paying or menlary inftrument, or the administration of the personal estate cies without °f any Per^on deceafed, and any trustee or truftees, or other ftam.pt re- person or perfons, hereby directed and required to account for ceipts.  any duty, who (hall pay, deliver, or otherwise dispose of, or in

any manner satisfy or di{charge, or compound for any legacy .  given by such will or testamentary inftrument, or the refidue, or

any part of the refidue, of such personal eftate, to or for the benefit of any person or persons entitled to such legacy, or any part thereof, or to such refidue, or any part thereof, without taking such receipt or discharge in writing as aforesaid, and ' causing the fame to be stamped within the time hereby allowed for {lamping the fame, (hall forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds per centum on the sum of money, or the value of the property if not money, for which such receipt or discharge ought to have been given in pursuance of this act; and all and every person and persons receiving or taking the benefit of any such money, or other property, without giving a written receipt or discharge for the fame, in which the duty payable in respect thereof fhail be expreflbd to have been allowed or paid to the person or persons to whom such receipt or discharge fhail be given, and which fhail bear date on the day of signing the iarne, fhail forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds per centum on the sum of money, or on the value of the property, fo received or taken.

Receiptstobe XXIX. And be it further enafted, That every such receipt ftatnpt within or discharge fhail be brought within the space of twenty-one days after the date thereof, to the said head office of the said com-mifljoners, or to some other office to be appointed by the said com-miilioners for such purpose, to be ftamped, paying the duty for the fame, and upon such payment either at the said head office, or at any other office to be appointed as aforesaid, the receiver genera] or other proper officer to be appointed for that purpose by the said commiffioners, as the cafe fhail require, fhail write upon such receipt or discharge an acknowledgement of the payment of the

duty

 VjOCK^LC

ar days after date, on t&hich an ac-kncwledge-toept of payment of the duty fhail be written &cc.

1795-3 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.  655

duty fo paid in words at length, and bearing date the day on which such payment (hall be made, and (hall subscribe his name thereto, and enter an account thereof in a book or books to be provided for that purpose, to the intent that he may be thereby charged with the sum fo paid ; and in cafe the duty (hall be fo paid at the said head office, then the receipt or discharge fo brought to be (lamped, (hall be forthwith (lamped with one of the said four (lamps as the cafe (hall require; and in cafe the duty (hall be fo paid at any other office to be appointed by the said commissioners as aforesaid, the receipt or discharge whereon such acknowledgement of the payment of duty (hall be fo written and fubfcribed, shall be transmitted within the space of twenty-one days from the day of payment df such duty, to the said head office to be (lamped, and the fame (hall be (lamped accordingly with one of the said four (lamps as the cafe (hall require; and in cafe the person or persons paying such duty at any such office to be appointed as aforesaid, (hall be desirous that the fame (hould be transmitted to the said head office, by the officer to whom such duty (hall be paid, and shall leave the fame with such officer for such purpose, such officer (hall thereupon sign and deliver an acknowledgement, that such receipt or discharge has been left with him for such purpose, and shall transmit such receipt or dfcharge to such head office to be (lamped as aforesaid, and the fame (hall be sent again to such officer as footi as conveniently may be after the (lamping thereof; and such officer (hall deliver back the fame to the person or persons entitled thereto, upon re-delivery to him of the acknowledgement which he (hall have given for the fame: provided always, That if any such receipt or discharge (hall not be fo brought to any wlthirTthree such office as aforesaid, within such space of twenty-one days as months after aforesaid, it shall nevertheless be lawful to carry such receipt or date, on pay-difcharge to the said head office to be (lamped in like manner, rnentofduty, within three calendar months after the date thereof, paying duty for the fame, and also the further sum of ten pounds per centum on such duty, by way of penalty for not having before paid such duty, on payment of which duty and penalty, the said commissioners are hereby authorised and required to (lamp such receipt or difcharge, in the fame manner as if the fame had been brought to the said office within the space of twenty-one days from the date thereof; but the said commiffioners,. or any of their officers, (hall noton any pretence whatever, except as hereinafter directed, (lamp any vellum, parchment, or paper, upon duty be paid which any receipt or discharge for any legacy or part of legacy, and they are or any residue of any personal effiate, or any part thereof, (hall be brought to be written or signed with the said new (lamps, or any of them, unlefe tife^Fmited *** the duty for the fame (hall be paid, and such receipt or discharge time.

(hall be produced to be fo (lamped in manner aforesaid, within the times and in the manner herein-before respectively limited and appointed.

XXX. And be it further enabled. That if it (hall appear to Mi (lakes in the satisfaction of the said commissioners of (lamp duties, upon

oath e re

1 and iou per tne cent, penalty;

■ but none to be stampt unless the

656

fied, if no fui be inftituted, on payment of the difference within three months, and 10I. per cent.

Perfons paying or receiving money contrary to this a<5t, indemnified on discovering the other offender.

If by infancy or absence legacies cannot be paid, the money may be paid into the bank and laid out in the 3I. per cents.

Anno regni tricesimo Jexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1795* oath or affirmation to be administered by a justice of the peace, or matter or matters extraordinary in chancery, which oath or affirmation such persons are hereby empowered to adminffter, that less duty has been paid for any legacy, or refidue, or part of refidue, than ought to have been paid for the fame, by mittake, without any intention to defraud ; and if application fball be made to the said commissioners to redlify such mittake, and accept the duty really due before any fuit shall be instituted concerning the fame, and within three calendar months after payment of the money actually paid instead of the just duty, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to accept the difference between the money paid and the just duty, together with the sum of ten pounds per centum on such difference by way of penalty in full for the just duty, and which shall be in discharge ot all penalties incurred by non-payment of such duty, and to cause an acknowledgement of the payment of the just duty to be written on the receipt or discharge given for such legacy or residue or part of refidue, and to be fubferibed by the proper officer, and also to cause such receipt or discharge to be properly stamped if neceffiary, in the fame manner as would have been done if the just duty had been originally paid.

XXXI.  Provided always, and be it further enaffed, That the party or parties paying or satisfying any legacy, or any residue of any personal eftate, or any part of such refidue, or receiving the fame, contrary to the provisions of this aeff, who fhall, within the space of twelve calendar months after the offence committed, discover the ether party or parties offending therein, fo that such party or parties fo difeovered be thereupon eonvidted, such person fo discovering shall be indemnified and'difeharged from all penalties incurred for any offence againftthis atft.

XXXFI. Provided always, and be it further enadted. That where, by reason of the infancy, or absence beyond the feas, of any person entitled to any legacy, or to the residue of any per-lonal eftate, of any part thereof, chargeable with duty by virtue of this adf, thi person or persons having or taking the burthen of , any will or testamentary inftrutnent, or the administration of such personal eftate, cannoffpay such legacy or some part thereof, although he, fhe, or they may have effects for that purpose, or cannot pay such refidue, or some part thereof, although he, fhe, or they may have the fame, or some part thereof, in his, her, or their hands, it shall be lawful for such person or perlons to pay such legacy, or refidue, or any parts or part thereof refpedtively, or any sum or sums of money on account thereof, after deducting the duty chargeable thereon, into the bank of England, with the privity of ihe accountant general of the court of chancery, to be placed to the account of the person or persons for vvhofe benefit the fame shall be fo paid; for payment of which money the said accountant general shall give his certificate as usual in such cafes, on production of the certificate of the commissioners of ftamps, that the duty thereon has been duly paid; and such payment into the bank shall be a sufficient discharge for the

money



657

1795-] Anno regni tricefirilo sexto Georgii lit. c. 52*

money fo paid in, provided the duty be also paid thereon as aforefaid; and such money when paid in shall be laid out by the said accountant general, without any formal request for that purpose, in the purchase of three pounds per centum consolidated annuities, which, with the dividends thereon, shall be transferred and paid to the person or persons entitled thereto, or otherwise applied for his or their benefit, on application to the court of chancery, by petition or motion, in a summary way : provided always, That if it shall afterwards appear that such money, or Iffuch money any part thereof, has been improperly paid into the bank as be improperly aforesaid, it shall also be lawful for the said court of chancery, j^ancery^ upon petition, in a summary way to dispose thereof, and of the maydifpofe annuities purchased therewith, and the dividends received there- thereof: on, in such manner as justice shall require : provided alfo, That if more thaii if it shall appear that the duty paid in respect of any such sum of ^et ^a^e£eetl money was more than ought to have been paid, it shall be lawful paid, thecom-for the person or persons who shall have paid such duty, to apply mifiioners for to the said commilfioners for management of the stamp duties, to stamps may repay such excess of duty; and the said com mifiioners are hereby ^cdfs* * authorifed, upon such application, to repay such excess of duty * to the person or persons who shall appear to them entitled to receive the fame, or to pay such excess of duty into the bank, with the privity of the said accountant general, for the benefit of the person or persons entitled, there to be placed to the fame account, and to be applied in the fame manner as the fame would have beeri applicable, if paid together with the remainder of the legacy, or sum of money, in refpetft of which the fame shall have been paid $ and the said commilfioners are hereby authorised to make such payments respectively out of the monies in their hands, arising from duties imposed by this a<ft; and if the duty paid to the said ^nd iflefs, on commifiioners shall appear to be less than the duty which ought to have been paid, it shall be lawful for the person or persons who chancery paid such money into the bank as aforesaid, upon payment of the may order 1 full duty to the said commifiioners, in such manner as the fame re-payment ought to be paid, with such penalties, if any, as ought to be the party* paid in refpedf thereof, to apply to the court of chancery, in a summary way, for the repayment of the further sum paid to the said commifiioners for such duty, out of the money in the bank fo paid in by such person or perfons, or the produce thereof, which payment the said court is hereby authorised to order.

XXXIII. And be it further enabled, That if at the end of Ifiit shall ap-two years after the death of any person deeeafed, it shall appear to the fatisfadtioh of the said commifiioners of fiamp duties, ersforftatnps, that it will require time to collet the debts or effects of such at the end of* person then outftanding, or that from circumstances it will be two years difficult to afeertain or adjust the amount of the clear residue of . the personal estate of such person liable to duty, and the parties thaUt will^ interested therein shall be desirous of compounding for the duty require time thereon, it shall be lawful for such parties refpediively, with the to collect the consent of the commifiioners of stamp duties, to make ap^lica-

Vo.l* XL,

U u

tion

658

ascertain the residue of the personal eft-Ue, the duty may be compounded for:

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii 1II. c. 52.  [1795.

tion to the court of exchequer at JVejhninJitr, if the deceased person resided in England or elfewhere, except in Scotland, and to the court of exchequer in Scotland, if the deCeafed resided in Scotland, for. leave to compound such duty, Rating upon oath the particulars of the personal estate for which such composition shall be proposed to be made, by affidavit to be filed in the said court, and declaring at the fame time upon oath, whether any other property of the deceased then outflanding besides the property for which such composition shall be proposed to be made, hath come to the knowledge of the said parties, or any of them, and the nature thereof, and the circumstances attending the fame; and in such cafe it (hall be lawful for the said court of exchequer in England or Scotland, as the cafe may be, to appoint a proper person to fet a value on the personal eflate, or such part thereof, for which no duty (hall have been charged, and which shall be specified in such affidavit as the property for which such composition shall be defired, and to adjuR and fettle the duty which, juRly and equitably under all circumflances, ought to be paid in refpe<ft of such personal eRate fo fpecified, and thereupon it {hall be lawful for the said commiffioners, and they are hereby' required, if the said court of exchequer to which such application (hall be made, fliail confirm the said adjuRment and fettlement, and order the duty to be accepted accordingly, and by authority of such order to accept payment of the sum fo adjuRed and fettled, in full discharge of the duty on fo much of such personal eRate as fliail be fo fpecified, and according to such order, and to enter the fame in their books accordingly, and to grant certificates thereof, expressing the receipt of such duty by way of composition under such order ; and every such person to whom such certificate shall be granted, and every future representative of the fame eRate, and all persons entitled to the benefit of the property for which such composition shall be fo paid, fliail be discharged from any further payment of duty on the fame; and in all future payments of such property, it shall be lawful for the persons having or taking the burthen of the execution of any will or teflamentary instrument disposing such property, or the ^dminiflration thereof, to pay, apply, and dispose of the fame, and for all persons entitled to the benefit thereof to receive the fame, without having the receipts and difeharges in wiiting, hereby required to be given and taken for the fame, Ramped as herein-before diredied; provided such receipts or difeharges shall express the fame to be given under the authority of such com-polition as aforesaid, and not liable to duty: provided always neverthelefs. That the duty shall be charged and paid upon all and every part of the personal eRate of such person deceafed, other than that which shall be specified in such affidavit as aforesaid, and included in the valuation in which such composition shall have in the cornpo- been made as aforesaid, and for which the said court of exchequer fitioa.  shall  allow  and order such composition to be taken as aforesaid, in

the fame manner as if no such composition had been made; and all and every person and persons shall be liable to all the like penalties and forfeitures for not duly paying the duty for such

perfonal

duty to be paid on any part of per-liunal estates rnot included



659

1795*3 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c 52.

perfonal estate not compounded for, and subject to the like rules, methods, and diredlions, for charging such duty, as such person and persons respectively would be liable to if such composition had not been made.

XXXIV. And be it further enadled, That if at any time after ^ refunded^ payment of duty on any legacy, or refidue, or part of refidue, of °he tQ9 the personal estate of any person deceafed, any debt shall be re- be repaid, covered against the estate of such deceased perfon, or any loss shall happen, by reason whereof, or for any other just caule, any legatee or other perfon, by whom any legacy or part of legacy, or any residue of any personal estate hath been received or retained, shall be obliged to refund the fame, or any part thereof, then in every such cafe it shall be lawful for the said com-miflioners of stamp duties, and they are hereby required, on due proof made on oath as aforesaid, to their fatisfacfion, of the amount of such sums refunded, and that by reason thereof there hath been an over-payment of duty, to fettle and adjust the amount of such over-payment, and to repay the fame out of the money in their hands, arising from the duties bv this a6t im-pofed, or to allow the fame in future payments as the cafe may permit or require.

XXXV.  And be it further enabled, That whenever any per- Executors fon or persons having or taking the burthen of the execution of previous to ^ any will or testamentary inftrument, or the administration of any {*™^est6 ^ personal estate as aforesaid, (hall be entitled to any legacy, or the transmit the refidue, or any part of the refidue, of the personal estate of any particulars, teftator, teftatrix, or inteftate, such person (hall be chargeablethe duty with the duty whenever he, fhe, or they shall be entitled, in the °he commff-dye course of adminiftration, to retain to his, her, or their own ftoners of life, any part of the said eftate, in satisfaction of such legacy, or (lamps, whp refidue, or any part thereof; and every such perfon, before any fhall^charge such retainer, shall transmit to the said commiftioners of stamp Jo-ree^bleto duties, or their officers, a note containing the particulars of such thisaft. legacy, refidue, or part of refidue, intended to be retained, and the amount or value thereof, and the duty which such person or persons shall offer to pay thereon; and the said commiftioners shall charge and assess the duty thereon, in such manner as the duty shall be chargeable thereon by virtue of the provisions in this a<ft contained, and such duty shall be paid accordingly; and on payment of the said duty, the said receiver general of the said duty, or officer appointed to receive the fame, fhall, at the foot of a duplicate of the said assessment duly ftamped, in such manner as the said commiftioners shall direct for such purpose, give a receipt for such duty in such form of words as the said commif-fioners shall direcl, which receipt shall be a discharge for the duty expressed therein; and in cafe any such person or persons Penalty for shall neglect to pay such duty as aforesaid, within fourteen days n^^n^pf after the fame ought to have been paid as aforesaid, every such §uty for 14 person and persons shall forfeit and pay treble the value of the duty days, which ought to have been paid.

u u 2  XXXVI.  And

Receipts for legacies, except those by wills, refpedt-

660 Anno regni trlcefimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1795.

XXXVI.  And whereas doubts have arisen upon the conJlrnBion of the said afls of the twentieth, twenty-third*, a?id twenty-ninth years of his Majefif s reign, whether the duties thereby imposed were intended to be imposed on all legacies, bequefls, and difpofttions by zvill or testamentary instrument whatfoever: be it enacted and declared. That all receipts and discharges whatsoever for legacies fpecifick and pecuniary, and of any nature or kind whatfoever, and for all personal estate whatfoever, in any manner given or disposed of by ing which the will or testamentary inftrument, whether by way of annuity or duties impot- other particular bequeft, or by way of refidue, or share of'refrdue, Mentioned in or ot^erwi^e howfoever, as well as on personal eftate, diftributa-the preamble, ble upon inteftacy, except such dispositions as shall be made by are repealed, any will or testamentary inftrument, with respect to which the to be deemed duties imposed by the laid former acts are hereby repealed, shall re<rPPts be deemed and taken to be receipts and discharges for legacies, of those ads; within the intent and meaning of the said former ads refpedively; and such re-  an<^  eveiT Perfon and persons to whom any such legacy,

ceipts to be or any part of any such legacy, shall be due and payable at the given for lega- time of pasting this ad, or who at the time of passing this ad shall ^affin^this entitieci to any refidue, or any share or part of any refidue, of ad ^nd for any Perf°nal eftate, under any such will or testamentary inftru-legacies be- ment, or upon inteftacy, and also all and every person and persons corning due who shall become entitled to any legacy, or refidue, or part of refi-wh1chSr<d °n  Per^ona^  e^ate5  after  the  pacing of this ad, upon

thereby3im ^ wMch no duty is imposed by this ad, and upon which the duties pofed* ' imposed by the said former ad remain in force and unrepealed, fhall, upon receipt or other satisfaction or difeharge, of any such legacy, or part of such legacy, or refidue, or part of such refidue, sign and give a receipt or discharge in writing, duly stamped as required by the said former ads refpedively; and the person or persons having or taking the burthen of the execution of any will or other testamentary inftrument, or the administration of anyper-fonal eftate, shall have the like powers to require such receipt or discharge in writing, and to retain the duty payable inrefped thereof, and the person and persons paying, or otherwise satisfying or difeharging, and the person or persons receiving, or being other-wife satisfied for such legacy, or refidue, or part of refidue, (hall be in like manner debtors for the duty imposed on such receipt or discharge in cafe of non-payment of such duty, and to the like penalties for enforcing due payment thereof, as by this ad are provided with respect to the duties hereby imposed on legacies, and residue of personal estate of persons dying after the palling of this ad.

If adminiftra- XXXVII. And be it further enaded. That if the authority tion be^made under 0r by colour of which any person shall have administered dii tv shall have  estate or effects of any person deceafed, or any part thereof,

beeniinpro- shall be void, or be repealed, or declared void, and such person perly paid, it fhall, before the avoidance, repeal, or declaration of avoidance, iliall be repaid; have paid any duty hereby impofed, or any duty imposed by any to have been1  former ads, which shall not be allowed to such perfon

paid, it (hall out of the estate or effects of such deceased perfon, by reason that

the

I795*] Anno regm tricesimo sexto Georgii III- c, $2.  66 x

the fame duty was not really due or payable, the money paid for be allowed ip such duty fhall, on proof thereof to the satisfaction of the said commissioners of stamp duties, be repaid to the person or persons eXecutor. who shall have paid the fame, or his, her, or their reprefentatives, by the said commiffioners, out of any monies in their hands arif-ingfrom the duties imposed by this aft, or the said former afts ; but in cafe such duty ought to have been paid by the rightful executor or executors, administrator or adminiftrators, of such deceased perfon, then and in such cafe the payment of such duty shall be valid and effectual notwithstanding such avoidance, re-1 peal, or declaration of avoidance as aforesaid ; and no such person fhall, by reason of the avoidance, repeal, or declaration of avoidance of such authority/be fued, molefted, or troubled for or in respect of such payment; but all such payments, in respect of the said duty, shall be allowed in account with such rightful executor or executors, administrator or adminiftrators, and the fame shall be deemed payments in the due course of adminiftration, as fully and effectually as if such payments had been made by rightful executors or adminiftrators; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notvvithftanding.

XXXVIII.  And be it further enafted, That if any person or fner|^fvear* perfons, upon oath or affirmation before the said commissioners g^hy o/per-of stamp duties, or commissioners of land tax, or any person or jury, persons authorised by this aft to administer anyTuch oath or affirmation, shall wilfullyand corruptly fwear, affirm, or alledge any

matter or thing which (hall be false or untrue, with intent to defraud his Majesty of any of the said duties hereby impofed, or with intent to charge any person or persons with any greater ox other duty than such person or persons ought to be charged with, every such person or persons fo offending, and being thereof duly convifted, (hall be and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being, any person convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury is subject and liable to.

XXXIX.  And be it further enafted, That if any person shall Penalty of alter any word, letter, figure, or number, in any assessment or 5°o1

j  *  ^  ^  o  j  ^  *  /  irikT

receipt to be made or given in pursuance of this aft, for any of 6  *

the said duties, after the fame shall have been signed by the officer appointed to lign the fame, according to the directions of this aft, or shall utter or publish as true any such altered assessment or receipt, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, or any other person or perfons, then and in such cafe, every person fo altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That  g;Ec

if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counter- tofufferdeath/ feited or forged, any stamp directed or allowed to be used or provided, made or ufed, in pursuance of this aft, or shall counterfeit or resemble theimpreffion of the fame upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with intention to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, or shall utter, vend, fell or expose to fale, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to the said duty, with- such ?  u  w  3  counterfeit

 ^

5gle

Powers of former ads relating to (lamps, to

662 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii Ilf. c. 52. [1795.

counterfeit impreftion thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, or {hall privately or fraudulently use any stamp directed or allowed to be used by this a'6l, with intent to defraud his Ma-jefty, bis heirs or fucceffors, of the said duty, every person fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, {hall be adjudged a felon, and {hall suffer death as in cafe of felony without benefit .  of clergy,

ftampt, Sfree ^ XLI. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That every from all other receipt or discharge for any legacy, or any part of any legacy, duties.  or for any refidue, or part of refidue, of any personal eftate,

which {ball be duly stamped as required by this a£l, shall be free and discharged from all stamp duties imposed by the said recited adls, or by any other a£1 of parliament upon receipts or di(charges for money ; and that every such receipt or discharge which (hall be duly stamped as required by the said recited a£ts, and upon which no new duty is imposed by this a£t, shall be also free and discharged from any stamp duty imposed by any other a <51 upon receipts or difeharges for money,

XLII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all powers, provifoes, articles, claufes, allowances, and all matters and things preferibed or appointed by any former a61 or extend"to this acts of parliament, relating to the stamp dutie§ on vellum, parch-a6t.  ment, and paper, and not hereby altered, fnall be of full, fbree

and effeeft with relation to the duties hereby impofed, and (hall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and fecuring, the said duties hereby impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this a6t, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had severally and refpec-tively been hereby re-ena6ted, with relation to the said duties hereby impofed.

Recovery and XLIJI* And be it further enacted, That one moiety of all pe~ application of cunjary penalties and forfeitures hereby impofed, where no other foTwithin 3 niode of prosecution is specially preferibed by this act, fhall, if sued months. for within the space of three calendar months from the time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred, be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors; and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of fuit, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the fame within the time aforesaid, and which (hall and may be sued for in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Wcjhninjler, for offences committed in England> or in his Majesty’s court of exchequer in Scotland for offences committed in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no effoin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be Spits for pe* allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty’s naltv incurred attorney general in England, or his Majesty’s advocate in Scot-

tiem of fraudT *n ca^e  aPPear  to  satisfaction  that such penalty

jnay be ftopt. was incurred without any intention of fraud, to stop all further proceedings, by entering a noli profequi, or otherwise, with re-fpecl' as well to the {hare of such penalty claimed by such informer, or informers, as to the {hare thereof belonging to his Majesty.

XLIV. Provided

1795'] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.  663

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacfled, That irl Recovery and default of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no such penalty or forfeiture (hall be afterwards recoverable except faedforwithm in'the name of his Majesty’s attorney general in England, and of three months, his Majesty’s advocate in Scotland, by information in the court of exchequer in England or Scotland refpecli vely, in which cafe the whole of such penalty or forfcture shall belong to his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceftors; and that all penalties and forfeitures, and (hares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as afore-faid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceftors, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of his Majesty’s (lamp duties for the time being, any law, ufage, or cullom, to the contrary notwithstanding ; and that in all cafes where the, whole of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures (hall be recovered to rewar§ the use of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, it (hall be lawful informers, for the said commiftioners to cause such reward as they (hall think fit, not exceeding one moiety o£ such penalty or forfeiture fo reco^ vered, after deducing all charges and expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout to or among#: any person or persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as informers, in respect of such penalties or forfeitures fo recovered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all the monies arising from the said duties herein-before duties to be

granted, and also the duties arising from the said former adls of Pq.ic* lothere-^  m  ceiver Ercncrsi

the twentieth, twenty-third, and twenty-ninth years aforesaid, Qf ftarifp du-

not hereby repealed, and all arrears of the said rates and duties tics, and by

hereby repealed, fhall, from and after the pasting of this aeft, be him paid into

paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver general for ^exchequer*

the time being of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and

paper, who shall pay the fame, the neceftary charges of raifing

and accounting for the fame being dedudlcd, into his Majesty’s

receipt of exchequer at Wejlminfter, at such time and in such

manner as other duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and

paper, are directed to be paid, and the fame (ball be carried to

and made part of the consolidated fund,

XLVI. And be it further enabled. That, from and after the Exchequer to

pafting of this acl, out of the monies that shall be paid into the  0f

(aid receipt of the said duties hereby impofed, and of the said theduties for

former duties not hereby repealed, and arrears of duties hereby 10 years, and

repealed, the sum of ten thousand two hundred and (ixty-nine the remainder

pounds fifteen (hillings, being one fourth part of the sum of forty- ?° be applied

one thousand and feventy-nine pounds, the annua! average pro- any increafed

duce for three years, ending the fil'd day of Augujl one thousand charge occa-

feven hundred and ninety-five, of the whole of the.(aid former du- honed by any

ties, ill all quarterly, on the fifth day of July, the tenth day of Ofio-  and

her, the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of April, in every ^ept

year during the period of ten years, be fet apart from the remain- other duties

der of the said monies ; and that after the setting apart at the said granted for

receipt of exchequer at the end of each such quarter, the sum of the fame Pur"

ten thousand two hundred and fixty-nine pounds fifteen (hillings, other

U V 4  the  monies0

 CjOO^Ic

664 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1795.

the said remainder of the said monies arising or to arise of the said several duties, and of arrears as aforesaid, or fo much thereof as shall be fufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occa-fioned by any loan made by virtue of any adt or adls to be passed in this session of parliament; and that the said remainder of the said monies fhall, during the space of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the said receipt distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue ; and that there shall be provided and kept at the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which the-faid remainder of the monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt, fhall, together with the monies arising from any other rates or duties, granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charges as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, on any account whatever.

limitation of XLVII. And be it further enabled, That if any action or fuit $ lonSf  (hall be brought or commenced against any person or perfonsfor

any thing done in pursuance of this adt, then, and in every such cafe, the said action or fuit shall be commenced within fix calendar months after the fad! committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the county or place where the cause of action shall arife, and not elsewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in such action General ifTue. or fuit to be brought, may plead the general iffue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this a£t; and if it shall appear to be fo done, or if any such action or fuit shal be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other county, city or place, than as aforesaid,then,and in every such cafe, thejury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if upon such verdidt, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfiiit, or discontinue his, her, or their adlion, or if a verdict shall pass against the plain* tiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall Treble calls. and may recoVer treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of fuit v in other cafes of law.

T H I

THE

SCHEDULE to which the Aft refers.

/

FORM to be used by the commissioners of (lamp duties, , in providing blank forms for receipts and difcharges, given under this aft.

STAMP OFFICE.

On account of the personal estate of  deceafed,

between  taking the ad mi narration of

the said eftate, and  legatee  [a;*,  next  of

kin, as the cafe may be].

Amount of the sum [or value, if not in money'] accounted for  —  —

Duty allowed at the rate of

per centum  —  —  —

Balance received

Received the  day  of  the  above  balance  in

[full, or part, as the cafe may be] of my [legacy, or fhare, as the cafe may be] out of the personal estate above mentioned.

£•    d.

Signed

table

TABLE I.

The values of an annuity of ioOjT. per annum, held on a single life, and payable yearly.

Years of age.      Value.

      T <■

Birth      1032 14

1      1346 10

2      1563 6

3      1646 4

4 •      170? 0

5 *      1724 16

6 .      1748 4

7 •      1761 2

8 .      1766 4

9 •      1762 10

JO .      . >752 6

11      >739 6

12      1725 2

13      17 jo 6

14- •      1695 0

15 •      1679 2

16      1662 10

17 .      1646 4

18 •      1630 18

19 .      1616 14

20      1603 6

21      1591 4

22  9    1579 H

23 •      1568 0

24 .      > 5 56 0

25 •      >543 >6

26      > 531 4

27 •      1518 8

28 .      >5°S 6

29 .      1491 l6

30 •      1478 2

31 •      I463 18

32 •      1449 10

33 •      1434 H

34 *      I4I9 IO

35      I4O3 l8

36 .      I388 O

37 •      1371 12

38 .      1354 l6

39 •      1337 IO

40 .      13*9 H

41      130! l6

42      1283 j6

43 -      1265 14

44      1247 4

45 -      5228 6

Years of age.      Value.

      '*•

46      1208 18

47    *  1189 O

48 . .      1168 IO

49      1147 IO

$0 •  * .    j 126 8

5 1      1105 14

52      1084 18

53 •      1063 14

54 •      1042 z

55 •      1020 2

56 .      997 !4

57 •      974 >3

58 •      95' 12

59 •      928 O

60      903 18

61 .      879 10

62      854 14

63 .      829 z

64    •  803 0

65    •  776 2

66 .    •  748 l6

67 .      721 2

68 .      693 0

69      664 14

70      636 2

71 •    •  607 10

72 .    •  579 0

73 •    •  550 14

74      523 0

75 *    •  496 4

76 .    »  47 > 0

77 •    •  445 >4

78 .    •  4>9 >4

79    •  39z 2

80      364 6

81      337 >4

82      312 4

83 .      288 14

84 .      270 l6

8? •      254 6

86 .      239 6

87 .      223 2

88 *      213 3

89 .      196 14

90 .      I75 l6

    TABLE  

Cu'/Q

^ ID

-1 <Jj

J- o

fi r+

in zr

• re

90

90

90

9O

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

90

9°

TABLE II.

of an annuity of ioo£, per annum, payable yearly, rid on the joint continuance of two lives.

<  G G 3  G w G‘ O  r ?  o>  *  Ages or the elder lives.  1 > 3 Orq  ** z  0 —. —  < ct  2 a  Values of the Annuities.  S-?  ►1  1 — c i <  a>  w G • a  Ages of the younger lives.  Values of the Annuities.

      £■ *■      £• s'

92 4  96  47  1 C>6 3  90  4  105 13

94 17  90  46  l66 IO  90  3  161 17

97 10  90  45  166 16  90  2  156 10

100 3  90  44  167 0  90  I  138 19

102 16  9°  43  167 5      

105 8  90  42  9  89  89  101 10

109 17  90  41  167 14  89  88  i°4 9

114 7  90  40  167 18  i 89  87  io7 9

118 16  90  39  168 1  | 89  86  110 8

123 6  90  33  168 i  89  85  113 8

127 16  90  37  16S 8  89  84  116 8

130 10  90  36  j 68 12  89  83  121 13

133 4  90  35  168 16  89  82  126 18

135 1**  90  34  168 18  89  81  l32 3

138 12  90  33  169 1  89  80  137 8

144 6  90  3 2  169 3  89  79  142 14

i43 7  90  3 1  169 6  89  78  145 11

145 8  90  3°  169 8  89  77  148 8

147 9  90  29  169 10  89  76  151 5^

149 10  90  28  169 12  89  75  *54 2

151 10  9°  27  169 14  89  74  157 0

152 14  90  26  169 16  89  73  159 6

153 18  90  2S  169 18  89  72  l6l 12

155 2  90  24  170 0  89  71  163 l8

156 6  90  23  170 2  89  70  l66 4

i$7 10  9°  22  170 4  89  69  l68 IO

158 3  90  21  170 6  89  68  169 16

158 16  90  20  170 8  89  67  17I 3

159 9  90  19  170 15  89  66  172 9

160 2  90  18  171 2  89  65  173 16

160 16  90  17  171 9  89  64  175 2

161 6  90  16  171 10  89  63  17 ^ 17

161 16  90  15  172 2  89  62  176 12

162 6  90  H  172 4  39  61  177 7

162 16  90  13  172 5  89  60  178 2

163 6  90  12  172 7  89  59 N  178 16

163 13  90  11  172 8  89  58 1  179 7

164 1  90  10  172 9  89  57  *79 *9

164 8  90  9  172 4  89  S6  180 10

164 16  90  8  171 10  89  55  1 S4 2

165 *  90  7  17° 5  89  54  l8l 14

16; 9  90 ’  6  168 15  89  53  182 3

165 16  90  S  166 17  89  52  182 12

On

N

K §

O

Pd

O

&J

o

o

4—»

X

»<p

o

6

*3

o

a

SP

Ut

O

G

G

w

►4

03

<

. rh ~ ONVO ^ N 00 to ~ CO rf-0©  OS  N  tr>00  N  v>00  £  jf*VD  *  'O  **  NO N OCO'O ^*N t*-N0 cr» ON N 0 -• O ’'hNQ

values of the  *** *■*  *+•■«+*** **  •*•  m  «*  **  '"",  *■* ’■, ►-. —.  <-•  ****■**'•

Annuities  . to  ON o c?\ o O O <-> -4 •-<  N N N N  r*} ro m m ry-> -rf-  '+r if" if* if"  *^N u-n ur>VO VO VO  N NOO M  oo on r. .. . ~ r/-> --  O t+«

cs* O^cncnooooooooooooooooooooooo^ooooooo OOOuOO oo'o^oo SoC

Ages of the [younger

Ages of the elder lives

I oo r-.NO +  -  O  Onoo  r-NO  l*N  rf  ^  o  ONOO  r-.NO  ^  rf  r?  N  —  O  Onoo  NVO  lA-t^N  -I  o  ONOO  r-vo  *-*">  ^  ea

■ I  ■

OO OO OO CO OO 00 CO OOOOOOOOOOOOCOCOOOCOOOOOOOOQCOCOCOOOCOOOOOcOOOajCO my,

OO 00 00 00 00 50 00 00 -.0 00 00 00 00 CO-00 COOOWWWMCOOOCOOOWWCOOOOOooc;””

Values Of the I ^ N -  "  I  ° - "S’10 -  2  °"S^«  cno

Annuities. I -no rf- o rn I ^kn\o m nw» ^ko wo on n ^no q\ ^ ^ rj- ia ^ <*. __

Lejooooo Mfl oo--r)^«rstv^ to no no no no r-- r-. r-. i-.oo oo co no ro r£ O -• n n rw  i^\q  vo  r-  r--.oo

^ - - - - - f -   «H«rtM««H^M„^^™(200^CAo0NONOSONONC7NO\^ONC?S

1 Ages of the [younger lives.  W N «  1 CO NVO u*\ ro n ■« O OCO r-NO + nN w o Onoo i-^no ^ ^ m ^ ^ ^     , . ^ _  | oooocooocooooooooo t-.i'-r-r-.r-.r-.r-c^rN, nvo no no md mo no no !T O Onoo i-.no ^ n n — O On  / ^^NOMO l^LnlJNl^liNLOUNlTNUNLO^

Ages of the f elder lives.  1 On On o On On j  I oo oo oc oo oo  1 COOOOOOOOCOCCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOGOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOc^ OOCCOOOOOO«30000(X)OCOOOOOOOOCOOOWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMooSC)000(:0000000000000oooCOOW  ^OOOOOOCOOOOOOOQOOOOOOOOOOO

Values of the Annuities.  ^ " O O N^N Oco cnoo rooo ^-00 N nO O ^ t'- O oo O fo unoo O co n O rl-tv,  W - — ~ ~ -< — — - - — -4 y TOO^ ^.N O00 O N cnN KO N  . fd W Tj- Tf-r|“ LTN Nr> Lr\NQ NO NO NO N N r- OO M CO OO OO OO ONOnOnOnCNOnOnO O ’*"*  ^JOOOOOOCOOOOOOOaiOOCOOOCOOOOOOOM^COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOGOOOty) rrlnn ^ r> ^ 0«-*~NNNNN<sif<*.*nnrt  

Ages of the 1 ro ungcr lives. |  m O Onoo r-.NO  LCN L/~\ T-f- rf- T^~  ^ + «~< O onoo ^ ^ A M O Onoo i-.no »^\ r+- <v, N m n rv  ^^Tt'tTj-rrcowW'ri'rifflfr>^^tnN N OJ <s n n n ° ^ 2 *2 ~ 2 °^°° t^-NO

Ages of the elder lives.

(OnOnONOnOnOnOnOnOnOnONONOnOn  On  On  cn  onon  on  On  On  On  oT^Tir

wooog.ooo«roooww«»o9wogwoowwww^w«)«ogo(5

CO

vo

VO

on

vo

VO

N

o

o

U

*

vs

o

o

c

boo

a

'-n

H w

w

h

Values of the Annuities.

Ages of the younger lives

Ages of the elder lives.

00 OO 00 00 Qo ^ ° OVOO r-vVO trt ^ o 00 ^ W

_ M «-* O ,2s00  ^  ^  £\£}  .r  O  0\C0  fs-vo  r*  o  Ooo  r^vo  ^  <d-  co  «*  -<•

nj-f0 ” (n f^VD ^OVOVOvO'0^>V°^°K0

1avDVO'OVOV)VD^^^'C)^^^^vOVOVOVO'jDVO'0v0vOvO'OvOv0^)SVO

VO^NOvONOvovovONnvftvovOvOvoSgSooSSSSoooooocooooocoooooooooooooQooooooooooooooooooow

oocooocooooooooooooooooocooooo ■................... ■ '■"■**' '■■'■ — —■■■' - ------“--

. _  oo  N  LnOO  .«  rT^O  CO  -  00  VO  Tj"  m  oo  LnN  O  CJ  N  \Q oo N u-> vn O o ^

, Q^vc  N^.0  wo       -  -  -  -  -----  -

**  *“*  ~  u-\\D  VO  VO  K  f^oo  oo  oo  ON  O'  Ov  On  Oxoo  vq  -h  ~  C7>  ^  ^  ^2

vA - -H«n!!^^^^l^if5"^''^NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN'4W

■ —------ —-----------------

N *- O 0X00 N\Q ir, ro ^ m

Ages of the |younjrer lives.

Ages of the elder lives.

r Values of the 1 Annuities.

Ages of the > lyounger lives. |

Agvs of the elder lives.

^•K>N H o O'OO r^vo

^.^.^^-^j-rococor^mcococnco

_ r^vo ^ *- n - O Oxoo »*oO ^ J ^ 2 Z ~ - o ^ N N C*  ~  ~

^  k  s  N  ^ (N IX

r^.  £. ^  c5o oo oo co oo co oo oo oo oo oo <

^ ^2^00 ^ oooooooooooooooo oooocococw  _

..  _____ <rw  M  *-«  ^  oo  ov  ov  O

^  I—  O N crj rj- ur.vO  vO O ^ _ _ _ . m «*o co rh •^* *-0X0 VO O O  O

u

. •

Vs^OO VO

^ ^ u^-VO  2?  -  -

m  ^  2  +  ^  '"2  ^2  -*  **

Z?  ~  ~  ~  ~  ~  «^vO  VO  jr-eg O O O —

^ ££*&&HZX$2 2* oooooooo 0 22---

° vn °°  ^  ^vo  v£>  O

rt ^ pL. r""'s° 'O VO VO VO ^

V"  K  N  N  N  t-^oo  OO  00  OO  00

r- t~-(E'<xr» 00 OO 03 oo oo oo

1—00*0^00 oo <33 00 00 00 00 OO oo w

NNKN STrS'c# OOCOOOgoOQOOCOOO

'^d

8°

yn

On

M

o

c4

O

w

O

o

*-*

>1

o

£

u

C3

bO

O)

M

o

cs

<!

a

W

hJ

PQ

<

h

Ages of the (younger lives.

Ages of the elder lives.

Values of the Annuities.

<j,5-$.3.2-C.C.“' ■* ~ «* N N n « J *v2.'S.'2-'5- 5" 5- ^-VS- ? •*■ t^'5>  ^

..........................

O ON 00 f-'-NQ i^Tj-tON «

^“ONt/NOvO v* 00 ^ O VO ci

°0 i_r> co Q  iyi On ^ 0\  0^

^ ^f- tovo o r^*  oo  UN  On

rj- CO CM *■* O OCO r^\0 lo '*#“ «N <M — O ^ ^  ^  <-f"  T*

to <^0 ro rO to CM (M m ^ <nj <M CM N cm ^ "______________________________________

.  N  o  ON  CO  r^NO  <*“

n Ln ^  '

---------------  "  ■-—    . _ t/> tjTS iri M I - « ~  .

^^Tc^OO COCO W75 00 00 COOOOCOO UNintA‘A|AlninUNl^i^tOl'',A  CO  OO  oo  CO  35  °°  00  ____

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOGOCOOO ^OOOW

o?  cJxoocooooooooo

Values of the Annuities.

Ages of the younger lives.

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOMOOOOOOCiosow — --  ^aceaii   —---------

——■  lira.. i III inn.iniii nrimiMiw* ■'■|«n-1'1  'l''",l\A^'00  qq  cooo  cooo ^ f-v -  ^oo  N  - O Onoo oo ^  W  O

JNO UNN^t^N NNO *-• J^ON’t^ ON»> ''O ^ ^ ^ ^  ’""*  ”"*

^  m  •*  '”'  .  -  TO  ON  On  O «— M CM cr> + U-nNO NO NO N f^.OO OO ON ON Ov

. o vnO vnO 1^0 <^NO o ^-'O On -* ^-n^n^nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnmnnnnnn

S?0 NO ^ f^oo moo^^OOOO^ NNNNNflN N ™    --^----------------  ,---=-

- -•  —  rs r-K-^  vo  ia m tl —• n nsrn  t^\r\ ■  r

Ages of the elder lives.

Values of the Annuities.

----  ■  ~  ..  cn  cm  ^  O Onoo r^-'O ltn ^ cr> « O ONOO O^nO iv>

o ON30 r-NO u-N rn «M ^ r^.sO NO no no no nO no "D n£>----  .---------------------

CO  ^  t''  ^    —--------  —  ,A  tA  WN  lAiyNiA^1At/'inl/'lAl/'1-nuNtALnLrv'A

OO OO oo oojoj”...........

■ i/n tA tA tA tA ^ 1 w 1 VAUNUNUNUSiyNUT^tTMWMOOOOMOOQOCO

0000305000000000°°  —

Ages of the [younger lives.

AgeT^fthT

elder lives.

oO OO W «M wv « __ __

vi; on r-v ^ n o tno  °  ^  ^  °  °  2  ° 2 ° 22  -  ^.o  tr  2  "2  ^

,  .  *  .  o  r-  r^  r-  koo  ot  oo  oo  oo  oo  O  On  O O  N  ^  ^  N - O ts^NNOoo

» ‘ ?T rr  ^  ^  CM  N  <m  cm  CM cm n N tM CM cm cm cm oorcnccrCrOrocCfCrTrruvN"NN CM n — Qoq

'n? ^^^^^^^J^JPitMNCMCMfMCMcMCMNCMCMtMCMNNNNCMCMNCMCMCMcMCMrMNCslNcM^

~ ^ •—1  >n i^>nJ-crNCM -» O ONOO I^-nO >-cn ro CM

OO VN CC, O OO

co On rj* O ‘-CN

CO CO ^ U/l V J~\

O On OO r^NO t« j. ro N ”• O OnOO rv.vo ia h.  ^ « o ckoa ^

VrCcrinrClcotc, rOfCCOCCN M cm CJ CM CSJ cm CM N CM *m ^ M

l(N Tj- CO CM -»

OO OO OO OO OO

---——*-------- —"

_ UN 7" rtNCOOOXOOO'JMW3^ VOVONONONONONO^CO^^00^^^

00 05 05 w w w ^

"ob

o

o

o

N  N  N  «  N  N  «  "  "       —-------------------   ;----------

cO ^     '  ~  ~  .  _  .-. uo vO NO NO NO NO NO \Q I cr\ \o tj~> L/> iry

------------------   NO  NO  NO  NO  NO  g  ^  ^  ^  ^  ^  ooco  00  OO  00  OQ  CO  1  oc  OQ  OO  GO  03

.vOvO'O'O'O'OVOv05S*»»30J0M ■  1

^^MOUCOOOQOW^^

o

f-v^

\Q

r^.

NO

cS  U  Values of the Annuities.  s INTO ~4* M '“4 <  . * O c<n t_r> r-v. oo O N5 i* «!h *i- 'T ^ '0 ^ C* M N N N N

h-< >—< *—< k-4  Ages of the younger lives,  iA ^ fr, rJ *-» O  VO V3 ^ ^ ^ ^

o

o

&

O

o

o

fi

u

a

bO

c

G

G

c

On

a

s:

v*

^ *0^ -« -* O09V2 *

** ** r-J r''. «■> r^' ^ ^C

:_______-seres-s-s-s-s-s-*

Ages of the elder lives.

„  ^  tn  m  rn  ^  (

I?  r-rs  CO  OO  O

Values of the Annuities.

--- —.—-—"77 +VO00 o « +«2“ *:N * -

^J+WJOOJ#. - -  '‘~"ow3w’0*  ito

^«* «NNNNNN N______-J-'"7"^  «-  OT  M  -

w  Ages of the younger lives.  r-Ng.jf  N C* N

      -—’

-3  P3  Ages of th-elder lives.  . ±~ rjr  or^00'

<  h  Values of the Annuities.  ". ^ 2 8 *

  Ages of the I  i pTi

  younger lives.  1—^

  Ages of the I elder lives. |  

?«*«NNNNNN N ------------------- + «-

______--—■—"  ”  j.7^ ^ ^ o cnoo t'"*'v0

_  -*•  ">  M  -  o  0>CO  t^-'O  ^  -  ______

t^'S n«nnnn~  _____—■—-—  . .+•■*

---------—rTTTTTTTT-^ofjr *

r«?of sf « *  ——7:

"=.-  -  -  **  ..  ,_  ^ wvo 'O VO

---  ~  o  -  -  «  ”  «  «

-.  CO  ^  9^  ur,  I  ^  Ln  I O L/> ^  (si  N  N  ^

N  «  JT«  «•  «  ♦*  N  *  N  -—-—TT-

___________r\  OOO

Ji

'OO

o

o

O

S'

^vo lyi re <"> M - 2 N n N

'm« m » CO CO OO

ov

U

0

P4

O

W

u

o

-4-J

X

o

6

<L>

U

<L>  r

u  H

£

bO

Si

o

a

d

<

Values of the 1 Annuities,

Ages of the younger lives.

j; O ^ Q  Om^o

O On 0\00 ltn — NO CO O f • o On On O O O^oo coo co

t">+2 cotSjNNN^NrsJMN

»  ro o>  ^0(0 a  o N . H o o o  o,N«) - « -« 2  O'* O'  *

I x  o\ o  2 ^  ^  ”00 •JOO N  O + no\n r^oo  o _ „ rsOiO -  N n

-  - N  N M <s,  N  <s  N^N JT ^2  ^(^n'c^^J^00  00  OnONOnOnOnOSOnOO  O O O  O

",1,NtsiN^Nti^N(N|NNNNNrjNrni-non^^ro

- ^  ‘  “N  H  O Oco N

_____________________________  cn»  m  oi n

*■* Osoo Jn'O  Cn  n  -.  I  «  o  Ono^ 1N.NO t*- m-> <M ,-. O Onoo N.NO  -.  O  nsoo  c^NO  t-o  ^  N  -I  o  On  oo  N

I 00 00 NNiMxNNtNtx,^ C^nO NOnOnO'O'OnOvO'OnO  UN  u~>  Lr\  u^unu^unUnt}-'^-^

M

pq

jValnes of the Annuities.

Ages of the [younger lives.

Ages of the I elder lives, j

^ --

—°°00

m **£££<» <*

00 00 0° w

N - O Onoo N-NO  ~  O 0\°° r^NO <^n rj- <y> t* ^ Q  JX

OO CO 00 tN CN N- N N. IN. N. (N.NQ ND NO NO NQ \q v^q \q \q \Q '-r'

N N M N N N N NNNNNNNNM «>» TT" IT

cooooooooooooooooooocooococooooo<»c2«5^c£^cScSoooo

■oO

0

o

o

\o

Hosted bv

*795'] Anno regni tricesimo feXto Georgij III,

T ABLE II.—continued.

'sO

Values of the Annuities.  I £ ft* C*\ ^ N O f' 'f 00 'O rbOO O tf 00 0© K GN rni^ 1 *O0 Os Os O OO ** *« M N N co co co soSO f'v.oo CN<^00««^0\N cooo ^ — m  Wco^'^^fO^t^trifOfOcnfnfonMMfncGrtMromfOfnrfif.icflrocororfitr)^  01 N « O ^ ^ Q ^  ^ CJ 0 CO to N 00 ^ ^  N >n UO toso in. CN.00 0.

^gt-s of tne voungerj^ves.  rf- «y> n — O Osoo i\so lo rf- co n — O Osoo c^>o t/s rh po N •- O Csoo r^-sO co n **  Os 'OO r^.SO LO H- co M r\ r-w  ^ tCvo

Ages of the elder lives.  ooooooooooooqooooooooooooooooooooo  OO OO OO OO OO oo'w caoOOOOOOOoQOOCOWOOMWWOOCOCOCJOOOOOOOCJOOOCOOOOOOOOO  OsosOsOsOsOsOsOsOSO. rs cX. ^

Values of the Annuities.  s so OO 0 N rf-so On coSO O ^ 0 cosO 0 - N xf- CO ^-00 ^ oo -4 voqq n so '  •SO M Ovt^Ti-O N«0 CM^ ON rhoo M SO OS r*-sO OS O N ^SO OO CN O M fO ^ us 0-00 OS O — N co rf- L^VD >0 0,00 S$ O n n n uosO so rs noo 00 Os Os Os O O O O — — — — — cj n n ^ c* n n n hswmMroon^Tinfn^'^  

Ages of the younger lives.  O Os OO t^vo t>S rf- CCS N O Os00 t^SO to rf- co N ** O OSOO t^SO LO r** co C4 —< O OSCO t^sO in t|- M N “• O O\00 f^SO LO co r^so SOSOSOSO'OSQSO'OMO ininininLninminLniri't •^-^-T^_^_T|,Ti-^.^f-^-c^>rr)COcoco  

Ages of the t'lier lives.  oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo  oocooooooocooooooooooooooooooooooacooooooooocooooooooocooouocooooooocxaoocooocooococooocoooco  

Values of the  Annuities. Ages of the  younger lives. el'^r lives.  ^ ^ Os Q\ Tf 00 - ^t-r^O _ 0 OO Ln N cs'O N f^co ^ O so n 00 0 - co t*-sO oooooocooooo t\ + n OO O  

        —.——  ——— - ■ ..ij  SO Co r<^ K, _ O Os00 roo to t*- co N « 0 A\00 ^ t n N m O QSOO f\SO <0 co N - O OSOO f^O trs rf CO M ^  Tt-^-^.^.r;j_r^.^rococOcocOcotOcOCOCOCSNNNNC4NNNC»-'i-ti-i«»--^<-i « — « j»  

  1 WOO^^^WCO^CgWCOCOCOWGOWOQOOOOCOCOCOCOCOCOQOCOCOCOCOCOCOOOOOCOOOOOCOOOCOCOQOOOOOOOOO £*  

 ooog/e

On

t"-

d

o

cd

O

tq

O

o

1)

o

c,

b£>

<u

o

a

a

<

w

PQ

<

h

Values of the Annuities.

CJ

"ob

o

o

o

Ageb of the elder lives

SO

vo

VO

O

©

o

w

O

X

o

E

vn

vU

I—I

c

£Q

O

c

c:

<

o\

.s:

W-

cq

Values of the Annuities.

Ages of the younger lives

Ages of the elder lives.

Values of the Annuities.

Ages of the younger lives.

*■< no o ^ On eoco  N  O  oo^o  ia»  m  <f*oo  two  w>  <*  Osvo  eo  O  so  ca  ^  q,  nq.  n  oo  ^  o

• n ns-n ^ <-n O KtoO + C>fANN«AKO t<->NO oO O t*» un Os ^

nt\ t\ CO O — N «n rf-NQ K.oo CN O H H. M rn rf ---nnnnnnn^^,^^

---------—------  „ _  _  ^  -<  O Os OO NO 1<S rj? co *■* O On OO f^NO l^i rh fA « i-» O

+  -  0  0'«vS'S^«ovOv5vO

n tv.  r^vo  ^  ^   i  —-----—- ■ --—■■  .i,n.~t-?"■■■ *m,,  &

- —-----—-----—--------~~  "  ~T7Z7Z^rTvn  NQNO\ONONDNOVOO^^^sOvOvOvO'0'Os'O^OvO'k0

VO -O VO -O -O VO « VO vp O VO « 'g.'e.'S.^'g.'g.'g.'g.'g.'g.^^'g.'R^.'S. ^ <- ^  ^  *>»  ^  *-  ^  *' ^ *• ^ ^ ^

r^-  r^.  t^-  *  l      ■■

o^ - -( +>o - «  o  Osa*»oo»'o  wcon  o  «"<3  O.^  ^

O, - N1 -*• I^vo I^CO  +  if  -  ^*2  S'  2  «  «  S’  ?  w'S 'S « ?

«> M  *■•  vs  ro’O  Os !

N. «*  M  •—■  O  Os r^.  M i

Nf-^> Tl*  ^  m fA  n I

_  .  M  ns  no  nsO  tA  m  N  O  O\00-  r*>»'>0  *A  ^1  tA  N  ^

A3 m O Os OO NO *ys ■**•«** N - O ON0O r^VO m rf- fO N ~ O CTsGO  J  ^  ^  ^  „

^^^.^^^mcornmrnrncAr) n a* n m N n n mn     .

to M

oo as

C-3 CSJ

so lO r'-. r^

I ff) tA M AS m fA fO (A C<

Ages of the elder lives.

Values of the

Annuities.

, Ages of the •

fl^^ger lives. I

Asp oTIhi^T

elder lives, I

S^-N(»hNCA««00

i n ~  TT oo  ^ ^ ^

1 O On onoo m N*a-

N N (ACO O rf-oo M NO O VO ^ QsNO N 00 'd- O NO ^  «-ryVO  00.  ^  O NO N OO sf O NO M

i>nAAM O W NfO0 N fA O ^ OMA N N Tpf^.O aoNO 00 O N tJ-NO 30 O " tA CnNO OO ON O

v5 r^oo ON OS O '“' aj n to + rf ia ia>NO vo no  r^oo oo OO CO OO CAO^OnOnCTnCZTnONO

N N A3 A3 AJ CArAtAtAtAfAtAtAfACAtAfAfAfAfAtAfAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAtAfAtAtAfA^

O OnCC f>NO ^ cr*4

e^CO f\NO 1A 4- tA N

O o\oo J^vo ■+ "»<J ~ ,2

^ ;?£££ ^.fCvovSvoCo'o'>o>S-vo'0'o -

N N» N> N> '

^OOOOOQOO OQOOOOOO I ^ ^ ^ S  K  K  K  K  ^

‘'fNtNfsiNiNtNNrN I N. is r^ rs 4

~ i>vrvrvtv^ iN./v.tv^r^rNt>‘>‘

CJ

"oo

0

0

O

fv

X

y%.



enlll.c.52. [i795.

O

O

tV

o

e

QJ

U

C

W)

o

c

CJ

<

Values of the

Annuities.

Ages of the younger lives.

Ages of the el ler lives.

(Values of the ' Annuities.

’ .Ages of the

I younger lives.

Ages of,the I elder lives. |

1 s’ On tJ*S0 oo o COSO os N -xf-co ^"^2  1 f • Os o o - *“’ N OS to n Os to O' rv 00 J C?'0 t^ , ^ tv Cv tv VO SO vO to US 2 xh X  N ~ 0 Os oo so o to Os xJ-00 xj- 0 'O N 00 O N xhso 00 tv so tr\ r* CO CO ^ -« O O Os oo co io ** oo to^so O ^Os coso Os cm t'-'OO ^ cosO oo ** co to rv  N co to SO JVOO OO Os O O ~* “ ^ CM CM co (O CO xf- rj- rf- la US to cococococococ^roco<o^xt-^v':t'Tj-Tt-xt-xj-'xtxxi-xhxhxh'^’cl-T^rt-v"

| toxhcocM ** o Osoo tv. SO io xj* co N —  xj- co n o Osoo ivso »o + foN *■* O Os co tv so cn xf- ro n m o OsOO r'.vo t v. fv n r\ tv so vOsOsosovosOsOsOSO lousuxioio'otoioustot'tsf v

j totototototoiotoiototototototo  | t^KtsivfvtvrNtvrNfvrNNrNrNfN  tvtvrviv. tvrvrvrv(viivrvtvfv.I^tvrvtvrvtvtvtvrvt>.rvrvfvrvtvrv

^CMNNNNtvrooc  fv'O  xj- tv <-i xh n oo is\ co, ^ ^ ®  °Z  2. N  co co Cts Os O

t • £ mco -  coSO  OO  o N ^vo 00 o - N r*- 10^0 00 0\0 - N fO +  XJ? vR v£ tn vPRjfX S?

N? O Q o  N  «M  CM.  CM  (•OfOfOrOfO’^'^xj-xh^xhxj-rMoi^  ^  '3.v2.v2.s5.'2,

o OS 00 tv SO  -  O  Os CO NO LO ^ ro N m O OS 00 N\Q rf- CO M ** O OsOO  tp  ^N -- O OsOO fv.s£>

tv tv rv rv rv cv iv rv tv r. c. ,v rv tv rv rv iv rC (v tv rC rv rC £ rv rC <v. r- t'-  ^  ^  ^  ^  ^  ^  ^  ^  ^  ^  ^

lvalues of the 1 Annuities.

s ^so oooO*,"'N|sno

-  0  ^CO  CM  SO  o  0  N^OvO  ThN  TfVO  N  j  O  N  vp  fp

QNtofvQNSOO xf-CQ CM CO T O 'O

Co  tv  rvco  oo  OtO  -*  n  ^  io-iovo rvoo ^ ^  ^  M  ^  ^  Ktn  {  - O Ooo oo NfoO KmO ^Onwn

^C2Tirof^f0r2or‘°nco'^^^-^'^ rf- xt- 2_°°  f2  °L  N  I  n - - N n ^ LnMD so rvOO CO 00 OS Os

^  j  ^cococrirorornrntriroMror^tricO

^ ^ fO CM — O OOO tVSO tr» rf- res N

^ r.. tv tv tv. so sososqvososososo

2nd0 tvo to xi- ro n -. o Os 00 two .  I

■nnnnnnnnnn«h „ ^2 !S  N  *"*  °  Osoo  tv.'O  to  ^  CO  N  M  I

s«xxssKSssxxxsissi»»/CCkkkkkkkkkkkpc

VO

o

/

i0O ei5b  -  0»

>>

\ Ages ot the \ ^ elder lives* \

•Jcefimo sexto Georgxi III,

Values of the Annuities.

O  fr-*  co  O  N  O'O  0 O

Osvo m m ^ r^. coco

i . -i___v* ^  ™  -  >  -y  i^vaj  u  cj  rrvu 1'X r^. r^. c>. r^vo so so so to rf* N O co

^  £  :t  .t  .*■?  y>  y>  ^  ?o  tc  x  ^  vo  so  £££  i>vSs

. Ages of the jfounger lives.

A,ges of the cider /ives

j; O»^-0V0 lOto^Tf-ri-O^ fj 00 ^-OS^ON^O  ^

^ *2 *> 00 Os O - N ro^-rh^VO t^oo O M rf-SC *^V£T  £  rt

’i" V- ^ ^ in  iv-* Lo to  l/l Ln Ln toSQ SO 1  ’

^ V0 ^7“ to to to IT| to in tn  to VO  to l_0 to to

^-50 to rv n so r^°° S' 2 ^

00 oo oo ^ CO O ^

o - n  tovQ  *>  2

r? ^ ° osoo f^so to ^ CO N - o Osoo I^SO  CO  N  rn  O  OS  CO  f^SO  lO  ^  CO  CJ  •*  I  O  CNOO  FV.VO  io *■  JT  °

COCOtOcOcON^cs^tsNNNNN £  ~  ^  ~  ~  ~  *i  I  t^VO  SO  SO  SO  vO'0^S°^'°

|Values of the

Annuities.

Ages of the I {younger lives. J

^ °  ^  CO  N  rh00  tJ-

# • *£ T_ ^"OO O rf- •-• Os Sj ^ v- ^ n n o co ~ totototototo-<t-T^-

tJ- CA t£* Qs *f-oO O M rf-^o 00 00 CAOSO O N N O CO f^xSO Lo ^ -t (S O covQ 00 rr O SO Cl OO CO

so to to to to t*- — oo _i- ** f>>. M SO -* SO O corv.0 ^ A- O COSO Os N ^-SO 00 O N rf-tO OO 0 ** CO-OO Os O ~< N CO^-H-L^vO'^D C"'* f^-CO OO Os OS O O O O — *■> — — N N N N ic, M M fA cc, ~d~ xh1^-

trl'^^^rj.rj-^.^^^.T}.rf-^^‘'t,?t'rhrhLo^^^sniJSLnLOLniriintALr\LnfGLf''rilc'lc'

00 (N.SO to rf- (

[ Ages of the |  NddNNNNN

eider lives I

'"--— j ............ ...............................  TTo  ^VJ  -VO  -SO  N  0*0  oo  M  On-CO  O  ««  ^

(rr ,  I J rv. Tl- O to 0 ‘A 0 VO NOsO N rJ-CA’^’Os rhoo coOO COCO N 2! 2 - - -  ~

Values of the I ~  ~  --  -  -  ->  -  -  -  "

Annuities. 1  ‘"

OSOO f-^so ^ CO M~— O CAOO f^>SO cr* rf- CO n »m O OsOO f^SO w-s)-tON — O OOO C^SQ t^i • r>»VO SO SO 'O so 'O so sO SO SO to to to to to to to to to to  rt-  ^  xh  xf”  co  c»^  co  co  co

Ages of the f younger lives.

Ages ot the

O (>CC oo S> OS OS^s 2 o  0  N  CO  to  IX.00  Os  —  N  CO  to  SO  Av  00  OS  OS  0  «  N  CO  *^SD  ^  OO  O  N  rf-SO  r^VO  to  rf-

A  N  N  N  N  N  N  N  N  ^  N

toto»otototototoiototototo*otototototototOLoioiotoiotototototototot^totototo

CO N O Osoo

to to LO to to  5^'S.  i !2 n *"! ° C^oo r^so to Tf-CO n — 0 Osoo i\so »^s co n - O osoo r^O to rf- <o n - o rr*

______________________ '‘  "^'Trf-’tOi'OOOOfOCOrOOtCiN  M  N  M  rS  N  N  N  N  N  —' ■*• *-» *■■*  '-<  —  —t  ^

^^cs oi tne ^Ider lives.

<1 Cl M M N Cl (V) pg

r>»C^l'>>r^rN.r>l{N>t^/.^r*!^^C*NNNNNNNNMNNN NNNM<s*NNNC*NMcJClC»MNNMNNM

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. TABLE II.—continued.

Values of the  Annuities.  1 S* ° 2* Zf 2 2^ ^ ^ 2 2 4 0 <AVO 00 OVO 4-CO KVO 0 4-0 VO 00 rf 00 00 VO VO  f , * ^vo OO O - ^ ^-VO r>00 OVO - N rn VflVO r^oo O N N ^ l^no t^o O <^>vo 4-i -C CO OO OCNOChQ'OS(?iOO O O O o o O O “* ►*» »-< a| <sj cm m n N m ^ i* o rs 4* no  | lALniAwnVihwuu^Ln 'O'O'OO'O'OO^O'OVO'O'O'O'O'O'O'OVOVOVOVO i_n irs Lr» 4- 1    1 4-NO co o n 4 tn wl  I wrnfiNNH004 1 !TV2. On O O —  f 4-4-4-4-4-L/N«_niin

Ages ot the younger lives.  1 Eg'S, En En EE 2* 2^ ET'S ET 2* E? E! ° c*00 t^vo ^ 4- «■> n -* o ovco r>.vo »-n 4- ^n n ~  I ^ < ro cv^ CO CO CO co co N M N N N    00 r^NO la 4 ro N -<  nOnQnO'O'OnQNONO

Ages of the elder lives.  On CTn On On On On On On On On On On On On VO On Os Os On no On On On Os os On On On On o On On On On ON On 'OSOVO'ONOVONONOVONOVONONOVOVONO VO VO NO VO O NO vO NO NO NO NO NO nO NO VO NO vO NO NO NO NO    OO  00 00 00 00 00 00 CO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO

Values of the Annuities.  g NO NO NO NO NO N 00 OO NO CO NO 4* N  • NO K ON O NO N 4-NO OO O  ON on O O ON On OnOO r-^NO t-n n l/a ^ cn un iy*sNO  4-oo eiKNO urs 4~ cn <M n NO *-« trs O 4- Cx. »-• -4-00 N 4* NO OO O N Os NO rn O NO en  ~ O o o O On no « ON L/-S N NO *-» NO — un Os mNO O 4 tx O *^vo Q\ *■« 4-NO ON ** en 4* s-^\o r-^r^oo on On O — — <n> m <-n m 4- 4- «->-s u-s nano no N3 no k k k koo co 4-4-4“4-4-4*4-4-4-t>NivNinLntrNi^NLncnin«-nl,NLn,-<^Lr' Lr> ^ ^ cn la un >jn m  

Ages of the younger lives.  H O ON00 t^NO «  On CO rv.NO IA 4 ^ N <- 0 On 00 r-^NO la 4 cn N — O ON CO r^NO ^ 4- rn M — 6 Osoo nONONONOnONOnOnOONO uM/unWMnLAifiusus^N* srTNrsr44-4Tj.4.toro  

Ages of the elder lives.  OOOOOOOOOOOOO  t'v.r^ NNM\NNKKt\(Nrs  OnOsOnOnOsOnOnOsOsOnOnOnOn'OnOnOnOsOnOn £\2\o' ONNn'sn'v^v^ 2s On Os On ON  NQnOnONOnOnONOnOnONOnOnONOnOnO NO NO NO ^O nO NO NO ON no Nj'0'0'0'sO'ON)'0  

Values of the Annuities.  s e^NQ On N sj-tncnN N n cn u-vO OO O 4- On ^noo N OnO ^OnD n omaNOOOO Os On O ET Ei 4NO ^  *4-0 <-noo rnNO O n O mNO Os e* VO co O n 4- ts.oo O n -4-no r^co O h n ^ 4 us c2 <2 S ~ S Os On O O — “ N n m cn c-n ^rs en -4* -4* 4* ltn wn t^-s m l-asnO nO NO nQ nO no l>. 1^- N V N fg L/^ iy«, ty, i_y> ^ OO Os ON Os    

A?es of the younger lives.  o »» ^¥J? + ;°2S^s:S5Ss&?s~ its •??    

Ages ot the I elder lives.      

68o

TABLE  II.—continued.

Ages of the elder lives.  1 > S 0rq Orq 'T-rt M  1-5 c.  n> P" za a  >  C3  3  rtf  CO  <  ro  co  O  -T>  n>  Ages of the eider lives.  Ages of the 1 younger lives.  >  D  C  rt’  CO  Values of the  Ages of the elder lives.  Ages of the younger lives.  Annuities.  Values of the I

    jc.  S.        s. j        j.

6g  60  521  2  68  M  644  6  .67  36  630  l3

68  59  527  I 2  68  13  646  16  67  35  632  11

68  5^  534  2  68  12  647  5  67  34  63+  8

6g  57  533  17  68  11  647  H  67  33  636  6

68  56  543  13  68  10  648  3  67  32  638  4

68  55  S48  8  68  9  648  ! 2  o7  3»  639  13

68  54  553  4  68  8  649  O  67  30  641  2

68  53  558  0  68  7  653  2  67  29  642  11

68  52  561  l7  68  6  63;  4  67  28  644  0

6g  5 1  565  15  68  5  624  12  67  27  645  8

68  5°  5b9  12  68  4  6l|  8  67  26  646  11,

68  49  573  10  68  , 3  596  10  67  25  647  14

68  48  5”7  8  68  2  568  0  67  24  648  ^7

68  47  a  580  10  68  1  493  2  67  A _  23  650  651  0

68  46  583  12          °7  2 2    4

68  45  586  14  67  67  476  0  67  21  653  1

68  44  589  16  67  66  486  10  ■6;  20  654  18

68  43  592  18  67  65  497  0  67  *9  656  >5 ,

68  A2  595  7  67  64  5°7  10  67  18  658  12

6g  41  597  16  67  63  518  0  67  l7  660  8

68  4°  600  5  67  62  528  10  67  16  66 2  18

68  39  602  H  67  61  533  *9  67  *5  665  9

68  38  605  4  67  60  539  9  67  14  667  19

68  37  607  1  67  59  544  18  67  *3  670  10

68  36  608  19  67  58  55°  8  ^7  12  673  0

68  35  610  16  67  57  555  18  67  11  672  1

6s  34  612  14  67  56  560  H  67  10  671  3

68  33  614  12  67  55  565  11  67  9  670  4

6g  32  615  19  67  54  570  7  67  8  669  6

63  31  617  7  67  53  575  4  67  7  668  8

6g  3°  618  14  67  52  5 8°  2  67  6  659  18'

63  29  620  2  67  51  584  3  67  5  648  10

68  28  621  10  67  5°  588  4  67  4  638  IO

6$  27  622  12  67  49  S 9 2  5  67  3  6 3 8  4

68  26  623  15  67  48  s96  6  67  2  589  12

68  25  624  17  67  47  600  8  67  1  511  4

6 g  24  626  0  67  46  603  10        

63  23  627  2  67  45  606  12  66  66  498  4

6g  22  628  11  67  44  609  H  66    S°7  j 0

6g  21  630  0  67  - 43  6i 2  1 6  66  64  5I6  16

6g  20  ■ 631  9 1  67  42  615  18  66  63  526  2

63  19  032  18  67  4*  618  9  66  62  535  8

6g  18  634  6  67  40  621  1  66  61  544  H

63  17  636  16  67  39  623  12  66  60  55 1  5

68  16  639  6  67  38  626  4  66  59  557  16

6g ■  *5  641  16 ]  67  37  628  16 j  I 66  58,  564  7

M

CO

\D

CA

o

o

w

O

o

o

s

<L>

CJ

c

bO

<L>

c

c

c

<!

On

W

PQ

Ages oi 1 he elder lives.  g s>  3 crq  yq Op  1-<'  00 r*  Values the Annuities.    Ages of the elder lives.  g 4  3 CTO  £ a |  Cfi ft  Values of the Annuities.  O) > ' 5* TJ S- rc  :  ^ tr • ft)  <  § > 5 rrq  3 0  <’ 21  n>  CO ft)  Values of the Annuities.  

    £•  1      £• s. !      £.  j-.

64  5°  64O  ^ 1  64  4  7°7 12 1  63  22  738  9

64  49  6+5  8  H  3  683 2  63  21  74°  8

64  48  649  1 5  64  2  649 10  63  20  742  7

^4  47  65 +  2  64  1  562 12  63  19  744  6

64  46  6^8  9        63  18  746  4

64  45  662  16  63  63  562 12 i  63  17  749  9

64  44  667  2  63  62  571 9 !  63  16  752  14

64  43  67O  9  63  61  58° 7 i  63  x5  755  19

64  42  673  16  63  60  589 4  63  14  759  4

64  4i  677  3  63  59  598 2  63  13  762  10

64  40  680  10  6j  58  6O7 O  63  J 2  763  7

64  39  683  16  63  57  613 11  ! 63  11  764  5

64  38  686  9  63  56  620 3  163  10  765  2

64  37-  689  2  63  55  626 14  63  9  766  0

64  36  69 1  >5  63  54  633 6  63  8  7 66  ] 8

64  35  694  8  63  53  639 iS  63  7  759  18

64  34  697  2 1  ^3  52  6+5 5  63  6  75°  10

64  33  699  1 ]  63  5 1  65O 12  63  5  73s  4

64  32  7°'  0 1  1 63  5°  655 19  63  4  727  12

64  3 1  702  19  63  49  661 6  63  3  704  l6

64  3°  704  18  63  48  666 14  63  2  669  8

64  29  706  18  63  47  670 19  63  i  AL79  4

64  28  708  9  63  46  675 5        

64  27  710  0  63  45  679 10  62  62  583  2

64  26  7ii  11 |  63  44  683 16  62  61  59i  17

64  25  7 1 3  2  63  43  688 2  62  60,  600  I3

64  24    ! 4  63  42  691 11  62  59  609  8-

68  23  716  5 i  63  41  695 0  62  58  618  4

64  22  717  4 7 !  6 3  4°  698 9  62  57  627  Q

64  21  719  8  63  39  701 18  | 62  56  633  12

64  20  72 i  0  I 63  3«*  705 6  62  55  640  4

64  19  722  12  i 63  37  7°7 19  62  54  646  16

64  18  725  14  63  36  710 12  | 62  53  653  8

64  17  728  j6  63  35  7i3 5  62  52  600  0

64  i6  73i  18  163  34  71518  62  51  665  10

64  15  735  0  1 63  33  718 12  62  5°  671  0

64  H  73^  2  1 63  3 2  720 12 '  62  49  676  10

64  13  739  *7 ’  63  31  722 12'  62  48  682  0

64  12  741  *3  63  30  724 12  62  47  687  10

64  11  743  8  63  29  726 12  62  46  691  15

64  10  745  4  ^3  28  728 12  62  45  696  0

64  9  747  0  63  27  73° 3  62  44  700  5

64  8  743  6  63  26  73i 15  62  43  7°4  10

64  7  737  0  63  25  733 6  62  42  708  16

M  6  728  10  63  24  73+ >8  62  41  712  7

64  5  7*7  6  63 :  23  736 10  62  40  7*5  18

 3ogIe

795-'

%L%

r-j r.

•~i u>

tr: c

■CD

‘ ft

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

62

6l

6l

6l

6l

6l

6l

regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.  1  68j

T ABLE IL—-continued.

>  3  C a ’  Crt  Values of the  A. 2,•:b of the elder lives.  3 °? d  - e  < —•  < i  j  7“- to «  O !  fT 7? i  " j  re    rr  '4 £  0  T; ^  ^ O 77 r-t-  'S>  V;’lnes of the Annuities.  

£•  s.        .f. j      £■  j.

1'9  9  61  55  653  2  6l  9  803  6

723  0  61  54  659  14 !  6l  8  800  7

726  io  6 1  53  660  6 5  6l  7  797  8

729  3  61  5 2  672  18 |  61  6  794  8

73i  16  6i  5*  679  10 1  6t  5  780  2

734-  9  61  5°  685  2 !  61  4  767  10

737  2  61  49  690    ! 6l  3  742  6

739    61  48  696  7  6l  2  706  12

74-‘  *5  61  47  702  0  i 61  j  612  6

743  16  61  46  7°7  12        

745  17  61  45  711  17  60  60  622  12

747  18  61  44  716  3  60  59  631  5

749  18  61  43  720  8 j  1 60  58  639 18  

75 1  10  61  42  724  14  j 60  57  648  11

753  3  61  41  729  o  6°  56  6 57  4

7 >4  J5  61  4°  732  11  60  55  665  18

7S6  8  61  39  736  3  60  54  672  10

758  0  61  3 8  739  H  | 60  53  679  2

760  8  61  37  743  6  ; Oo  52  685  14

762  16  61  36  746 18    60  51  692  6

765  4  61  35  749  1 1  60  5°  698  18

767  12  61  34  752  4  60  49  704  12

770  0  61  33  754  17  60  48  710  6

773  5  61  32  757  10  60  47  716  0

776  10  61  3 1  760  2  60  46  721  >4

•779  *5  61  30  762  3  60  45  727  8

783  0  61  29  764  4  60  44  731  J4

786  6  61  28  766  5  90  43  736  1

785  12  61  27  768  6  60  42  740  7

784  18  61  26  770  8  60  41  744  H

784  4  61  25  772  1  60  4c  749  0

783  10  ‘61  24  773  H  60  39  752  11

782  16  61  23  '775  7  60  38  756  3

772  8  61  22  111  0  60  37  759  14

759  4  61  21  778  *4  60  36  763  6

747  12  61  20  781  13  60  35  766 18  

723  12  6i  *9  784  12  60  34  769  11

689  8  61  18  787  H  60  33  772  4

595  H  61  17  79a  10  60  32  774  *7

    61  16  793  10  60  31  777  10

603  0  61  15  796 13    60  30  780  4

611  H  61  H  799  16  60  29  782  S

620  8  61 ,  13  802  49  60  28  784  7

629  2  61  12  806  2  60  27  786  8

637 16    61  11  809  4  60  26  788  10

646  10.  61  10  806  5  60  2S  790  12

      Y }  r 2          

C'l

1

S N ON'O rf- t-oVO t\CO O ON O>C0 00 00 CC On On 0 O  ^  N  'O  00  —  fs->vO  00  IX  VO  N  00  GO

^ ^ *-* »•«

— OO fo C\ rf. o ^ O ^ ON f^oo — lr\'/3 M \D CO — COV0 ON - ro WN !^N + N 0\ fl \£) O '-h00 N <*"> r^-VO N r\„

^ ^ *<h ■+ mo \Q N N NCO OO On o O' O O O — — — — m n m n N cofococnTf-^-coLo lovO 'O VO VO \Q VO , _

i^r^(xix^r>.t"-r^ixrxt\IvN.l^t>^r^.':ooocA»coooooc»oooooocooooooooooooooooooooooooooooocooooo oo

■"* o Ovoo KVO co ^ CO N O 0 00 (XVO in rf- CO N — o Osoo NV) +  —  o  Ovoo  t^«o  u-1  N  —  O  CNQO  in-VCn

^ xf-^^^^^-rf-ri-^-c^cOr^rorofO^^^fON N N N tS M N N N M —  —  «  —  —  i-i  —  4  ^

oooocooococooooooccocooocooooooooooooocooooooooocooooooOcooooooooooocooo

oo CO CO OO OO CO CC OO OO OO W w ^ w 1j~' Ln LO Lo LO Co 1-0 1.0 l/( V. VA Iri 1-0 CO

o

Cd

o -

-+—J

f  fc-I  Values of the / Annuities,  i v| O' O H N N CO CO — rf- CO O M ^VO COCNO-^t-'OO^NOO'O^NOCO^-N ^ O OO N <S / V*o P 2? PV0'0 Os - N O N CO O N Tj-vO CC O Tf- CO N VO C\N rf-I^CN-OO N M On (X On - -  / X £ ^°° CO oo On On C7v On o O O O — ~ <vj <M N (Cee)r<N^^.-+T^Ln-f.eh(r)« O r^-e*-rf-  1 lN ^ M\ K K N N N 0°COCX5COOOOOOOOOOOCOOOCOOOXOOOOOCOOCOOOOOOOOOOO N rsVO    oo oo OO CO oo OO Lo — On 00 vo lo co O  o vo X-OO On O — VO vo vo VO VO r>.

  Ages of the  /younger lives.  1 A~n~~ r    I ^2. vo-^i- f/) N H-» O On OO ix VO VA m N — o Cv OO ia vh ^ n —1 O On CO CxVQ co rf- co n — 1 tococornc-ococococoN <N M <s* x n <sj n n ^ ^ — — - - - - - -    OO r^-VO Lo CO M LO LO LO Lo LO LO LO

“ I  Ages of tile l^lderlives. j  I 0^^0'CAOO\0\ChOvOvOvOv<?'cr'CVlCr'C>'C,^<:h0s(?'ONCA(:>ONC^ChcrNO>'!:^  ^‘A^liNUNUNlnlA, i^lAilAUNlru/tUUntOlrtLoUNlAinlAlALOl^lJNl^UOlJNUNlAl^VnLOVAON    OO oo oo OO OO CO oo  CO LO lo Lo 1-0 LO LO

\l  Vahi^ofthe / Annuities. /  *-> ^ ^22 o O O O O r'- 2T« 2 00 00 xhco M N O N 00  ^ On o CO 1^ ^ rj ri ° 00 N to - r- -* f?'® ^ K , O' ON O-, O O — — — ~ N 04 N tocotsj fsj _ noovO N ^  ^^(nkocqococoooooooooooccoooooooooo j— ^ r^'O  o CO CO VO OO O vh Ov coco N LOCO — ri-OO 'O ^ N O ^ / ti O On ix^O 1^ - OO 10-00 T#* Os to - VO ^ O vo"S  1 TM/NioONOOO'OvOM-'NNOTi-^iA LoO ^  JvO'O'OnO'OvO'nOvO (NNNNNNKN^t^^1  

■“■BuiOTtbe i  ■ yj^ge^sJ^    m" JT N “ O ^co i-vo •+ 2 2 ~ ° 0,00 f^vo “ j  On CO (X'O lA + roN H O OnOO lx vo ^ ^ cf_ ^ 9.  lOlAlOiAlAlAtAlAlA'O^^-r^iJ-^-^-T-'r ^    

  ur tne f  Uder lives. 1    CAOONOv^cTvaN^O'ONONavOvcN^C'Cfv^pJlS  

TABLE II.—continued.

; £-!> Cjl.0'7 rt» rr  cr.  0  <J ■*,r'  f t/ r-t  * r&  £ > <*>  4 S-  cr  od re,  Annuities.  Values of the !  I <"t> h"  gT?  </‘  — O  I rl rt co —  • rt  ^ges o: the younger lives.  >  3  rj  rr  CO  <  nr  re  rt ;>  U*i  — c K  0 s  zdd rd -  —t c  V> rf  Annuities.  cc  a

    £■  s.      £•  S.      £■  j.

5*  5  837  1 8  57  *7  803  18  56  28    12

SS  4  825  2  57  16  867  18  56  27  85 +  6

58  3  798  1 2  57  1 5  871  18  | 56  26  857  0

s8  2  75«  8  57  14  875  l8  1 56  25  s 3 9  3

58  1  6S5  10  57  T3  S79  18  56  24  861  7

——        57  12  883  18  56  23  86 }  10

57  57  680  10  57  ! I  883  9  | 56  22  865  r4

57  56  688  18  57  IO  883  0  56  2 1  867  1 8

57  55  697  6  ! 57  9  882  11  5^  20  871  9

57  54  7°5  *4  57  8  882  2  56  *9  87 5  1

57  53  7*4  2  57  7  88 i  *4  56  18  87S  1 2

57  5 2  722  10  57  6  871  G  56  *7  882  4

57  5 1  729  9  57  5  856  6  56  16    16

57  5°  736  9  57  4  842  16  56  ■5  889  '3

57  49  7-1-3  8  57  3  8s5  4  56  *4  S93  1 X

57  48  75°  8  57  2  775  12  56  1 3  897  8

57  47  757  8  57  1  669  18 .  56  1 2  901  6

57  46  762  17          56  1 1  903  4

57  45  768  7  56  56  699  6  56  i°  902  4

57  44  773  16  5°  55  707  12  56  9  899  4

57  43  779  6  56  54  7*5  19  56  8  89 6  4

‘57  42  784  16  56  5 3  724  5  56  7  893  4

57  4i  789,  7  56  5 2  732  12 i  I 56  6  890  4

57  40  793  18  sb'  5 *  740  18  56  5  874  *4

57  39  798  9  s6r  50  747  19.  56  4  S60  8

57  38  803  0  56  49  755  1  56  3  8 51  16

57  37  807  12    48  762  2  56  2  790  18

57  36  811  1  56  47  769  4  56  1  684  6

57  35  8 14  11  56  4-6  776  6      —  

57  34  818  0  56  45  781  *5  55  55  7i7  18

57  33  821  10 |  56  44  787  4  55  54  726  3

57-  32  825  0 8  56  43.  792  13  55  53  734  9

57  31  827  13  56*  4*  798  2  55  52  742  H

57  30  830  6  56  4i  803  10  55  51  75 1  0

57  29  832  *9  56  40  808  1  55  5°  759  6

57  28  835  12 1  56  39  812  13  55  49  766  8

57  2 7  838  6  56  38  8l7  4  55  48  773  10

57  26  840  9  56  37  821  16  55  47  780  12

57  25  842  12  56 .  S6  826  8  55  46  787  *4

57  24  M4 *5    56  35  829  17  55  45  794  16

57  23  846  18  5^  34  833  6  55  44  800  5

57  22  849  2  56  33  836  *5  55  43  805  H

57  21  852'  1  5^  ?2  84O  4  55  42  811  3

57  20  855  0  5^  3i  843  12  55  41  816  12

57  »9  8 57  19  5^  30  846  5  55  4°  822  2

57  lb  860  18  56  29  848  »9  55  39  826  13

7- O'  = rr      O' J> '-""‘to  4 C*  3 j>  p a  >£ I    n> !> £7^3  §41    <  5"

9  r^ 0 'i, Q  E.  f-f 0    C  c  a $ J    3 '7  bo J 1  1 M  I  G  D

‘2 r~*    r. ^    r. 1—v  tr! r-t    a g  <• -t-    Vj ‘  -+>

CO -  < ~      co p-  < ;f  C/> ft * ny- b    0 pr    CO  

  11  a-    n        7°, a  CO 1 L' I    0>

    /.  J 1        s.    1 j  £■  s.

55  3 s  831  4  I 54  47  792  0  54    7°9  14

55  37    15  54  46  799  806          

    0 j S                  

5 S  30  84.O  6  54  45    0  53  53 1  7 5 4  8

5 5  35  844  16  54  44  813  0  ! 53  52  762  16

55  34  848  4  54  43  8 18  : O  ! 53  ' 5 1  77 <  5

5 5  33  85.  13  54  4 2  824  1  1 5 3  5°.  779  1 3

5 5  3 2  SS5  1  54  4 1  8z9  I I  53  49  788  2

55  31  s;8-  10  54  40  835  2  S3  48  796  10

5 5  3°  86l  18  54  39  84o  I 2  53  47  *03  7

' 5 5  29  864  1 2  54  38  845  1  5 3  46  810  4

55  2b  867  6  54  37  849  IO  53  45  8^7  1

55  27  870  0  54  3^    *9  53  44  823  18

55  26  s72  H  54  35  8^8  8  53  43  830  16

55  25  875  8  54  34  86 2  18  53  42  836  7

5 5  24  877  1 4  54  33  866  6  53  4<  841  18

55  23  880  0  54  32  869  24  53  40  847  9

55  2 2  882  6 •  54  3*  873  2  53  39  853  0

55  21  884  12  54  30  876  10  53  58  858  1 2

55  20  886  18  54  29  S79  SS2  18  53  37  863  0

55  19  89.  1  54  28    1 2 |  53  36  867  8

55  l8  895  4  54  27  883  6  S3  35  871  16

55  ’ J7  899  7  54  26  888  0  53  34  876  4

55  , 16  9°3  10  54  25  89O  H  53  33  880  12

55  *5  907  H  54  24  *93  8  53  3 2  883  *9

55  H  91I  5  54  23  895  *9  S3  3'  887  7

55  13  914  17  54  22  898  11  53  5°  890  H

55.  12  9l8  8  54  21  901  2  53  , 29  894  2

55  11  922  0  54  20  903  14  53  -28  897  10

55  10  925  12  54  l9 :  906  6  53  27  900  4

55  9  925  M  54  18  910  17  53  26  902  •9

55  8  923  2  54  17  9i5  8  53  25  9°5  l3

55  7  916  12  54  16  919  19  53  24  908  '8

55  6  9°7  2  54  15  924  10  53  23  911  2

55  5  893  2  54  14  929  0  53  22  914  1

55  4  878  2  54  '13  932  1  53  21  917  1

55  3  848  6  54  12  935  2  53  20  920  0

55  2  806  4  54  11  93*  3  53  19  923  0

55  1  697  0  54  54  10  941  944  4  5 3 53  i 8  *7  926 93 0  0  !5

          9    4        

54  54  736  4  54  8  941  2  53  16  935  to

54  53  744  11  54  7  934  2  53  15  940  5

54  5 2  752  18  54  6  923  18  53  H  945  0

54  51  761  5  154.  5  909  6  53  13  949  J4

54  50  769  iz  i 54  4  895  14  53  12  951  u

54  49  778  0  54  3  864  18  53  11  953  ?

54 ,  4»  "VI  00  0 i  1 54  2  82 I  8  53  10  95 5  6

 ^-o< Le

95-]

n 2-

r“ Crq

w S'

• a

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

53

52

5 2

52

52

5 2

52

52

52

52

5 2

52

52

52

52

52

52

5 2

52

5 2

52

52

52

52

52

52

52

52

52

52

52

52

52

52

52

5 2

52

Values of the Annuities.    Ages of the | elder lives.  c >  £ Crq  3  CT5  rt ^  s?  <*o  Annuities 1  I  Values of the  Ages of the elder lives.  O  3 0* 7? S  -t c  ^ £  2 0  Annuities.  <  cv  ri  O  er*  a

£■  X.      £•  s.      s £  S.

9S7  4  52  16  950  l7  51  22  ; 942  14

959  2  5 2  *5  955  12  5 1  21  1945  8

951  ) 0  52  *4  960  7  51  20  1949  1 2

940  i 6  5 2  *3  96 5  2  51  19  »953  17

925  10  52  1 2  969  16  51  18  5 9S8  1

911  8  52  1 1  969  13  51  J 7  il 962  6

881  10  52  10  969  10  51  16  | 966  10

836  j 4  52  9  969  7  5 1  15  97‘  1

722  10  52  8  969  4  5 1  >4  i 975  13

    52  7  969  0  Si  13  5 988  4

772  6  52  6  957  12  5r  12  984  ip

780  !5  52  5  941  16  5 1  n  989  8

789  5  52  4  927  4  51  10  | 986  8

797  »4  5 2  3  896  10  5 1  9  983  9

806  4  52  2  S 3 2  0  5i  8 j  | 980  9

814  H  52  j  735  4  5i  7  977  10

821  8          51  6  974  ip

828  3  51  51  790  0  51  5  958  0

834  17  51  5°  798  10  5 1  4  94 2  1 8

841  1 2  51  49  807  1  5 1  3 !  911 ‘  10

848  6  51  48  8*5  ] 1  5*  2 I  866  0

853  18  5 1  47  824  2  51  1 |  747  18

859  10  51  46  832  12      1    

86 5  2  5 1  45  839  5  5°  ■ 50 s  1 80S  2

870  14  51  44  84;  18  5°  49 J  816  1 I

876  6  51  43  852  11  5°  48 I  825  O

880  *3 f  5 1  42  859  4  5°  47  833  9

885  .0 i  51  4i  865  16  5°  46  8+1  J 8

889  7 1  51  40  87,  7  5°  45  850  6

893  14 1  51  39  876  19  5°  44  856  1 8

89S  0 i  5 1  38  882  10  50  43 |  803  1 I

90 I  7 1  5*  37  888  2  5°  42 g  870  3

9°4  h !  5 1  36  893  H  50  41  876  16

908  1  51  35  897  l9  5°  40 ;  883  8

9*1  8  51  34  902  5  5°  39 !  888  18

914  16 j  51  33  906  10  5°  38  894  9

9*7  l° |  5*  32  910  16  5°  37 |  899  19

920  5  51  3 1  915  2  5°  36 I  905  10

922  19  51  30  918  9  5°  35  911  0

925  H  51  29  92 1  16  5°  3^ j  915  4

928  8  5 1  28  925  3  5°  33  919  9

93 1  *9  51  27  928  10  5°  32  923  *3

935  10  5 1  26  93 *  16  5°  3i  gzj  18

939  1  51  25  934  10  5°  30  932  2

94 2  12  5 1  24  937  5  50  29  935  9

946  3  » S1  23  939  19 1  50  28  938'16  

On

N

CD

I3 O

t£>

o

■ ' & o

<L)

•£ b

a

$0

o

o

S

<

^ n O coo 0

O f'v co 0 r>. X’ o — — m co co ^ & os ON ON ON ON

Values of the

Ann uitieg.

l^wr^

[younger lives.

Ages ofthT ekier lives.

Values of the Annuities.

Ages of (he younger lives.

*Jj — S Ot I l)C

elder lives.

OOCOOOOOCOCOCOOOOOCOCOODOO^OOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOCOCOOOOOOOOOOOC^^-_______________________________I

+  +  -i-  +  ^  rl- -t- ^-^.°5.Cg.05.C« I

——a—”"" ",,w 111     I ■ ■ » -iu-cg»r-J. aomM^.  attmuI— -r^.

.  ^ N NO O NO CO CJVO N CO00 —  «\D  -  'O  O  tO'C  (N  N vO <NJ tSS 'O OO OO M n

• wONMD Q\ N \0 Ch N UOOO -< r^. r} nN  OO  —  ur.oO  N^O  ,'" J/' ON  ^ ~ rj-  —

! ej Tf f la io'-O NO nO iv ts KOO x OONO  O  —  — —  M rj  cj  ~ X ”  ^ j 0\  rx

^CM^O'O'^CNCNO'CN. CNCNONQ^CNCNO'O  O  O  O O  O O  O  u na  On On CO  tv

________________________________________________    _____________ j  -  "■  >i  'T^-'^-^-^^-co^rntorr

CNOsCNCNCNCNOCNCNON On OnOnOsOsOnOnOnCNCnOnCnOnOnOnOnOncno^q^qsI-^^^_________  ______

+  +  +  +  ^  °2_°9^_oo  CO  oo  co  oo  oo  CO  OC  OO  OO  OO

«-,* CO o NO co o rv'-t-O IN 'i-°0 -5*- ON 't Cn ^ O w OO O vr- vh ^ O | >s ca-o co o no on m

• cj c/v co r±- r-^. O cn n N rv. cj tv. —c  co on tv.  —1  O ^i~oo -o O On

\/> "th -tf- LO t/^ L/-.V0 no NO IV KX OO Cn On Os O O O O O cn ^ N 00 "n ^OnCNOnOnOnOnOnOnCnOnCnOnOnOnO'nOnO O O O O CaOnO'O'&c tv.

tv. no no ~i~ fo rj •«* O 0s 20 {v. sO *-o

NNMNnnNN-'*< «-  -  ‘

> (M — o On *>o tv. O

ON M LOCO O CO f"~  ^

O Nh n ~  O  CO  rf- ~  OO  -d----v0  C*  ^  r°  ™

M ^ ^ ^NO  'O  rv.vooo  On  O O  —  ^  ^  ^

oo oo oo oo  co  co  ofj oo  oc  co  On On On  C7n  On  On  On  On

O' oo t\ nO  ».o  -d“  co (SJ  w.  o  O' OO  tv no  ^  ^  CO  C<

tf- vh 'd- vh -cf-  ^ ro <v> co co co co co CO

000,0 0000000000000000

^ to ^ i>> U-. CO ^ lO CO tvN io co '-O tTN to jo o-> ^

O OO O O O °

03

VC

d

o

O

W

0

o

-i-J

X

o

E

o

c

to

a

o

C

G

<

On

ts

Values of the Annuities.

.  -  i  Of  the

[younger lives,

, Age* of the

I elder lives.

f c> ^ 2 00 *" ° *" ~

„• 2 "2  ^2  0  =  "  :?*■?  =  *N  *°  w'° °'° <f--03 "L-^SSSS'S*

. ^  ^  n, M , es ON rn0° ^0^0 u-» O ^0 u^vO ^ r^NO o N r^'O r^- I * O' O'CT'ONONCft

• N O  iaOmnNvD  OnNNO  m  nO  K  noo  00  CO  00  t^vo *.^ ro On ^  ^

<*s? ltAO. rx.f'v.oo ooONONaNOO^-~^^n0OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON OnO0 OnOvOnOnOnOnOnOvOnO O O O O O O U  —  ___

,  _ ,_  _ ^ ^ ^ fO ^ O ON CO r^NO wd-mN - O On 00 f^NO

»\vo Ln n(- NN N — O On 00 l^vO  ---

ff)fOfOrOfOtOC<NCAN N CM N N CM CM N ^

TO NO On W ^ ^NO NOO O'O NOO ^£) Nn{-h00\O « N N OO  ^  ..  ^  _  _  ,  _  _  .rt  ^  ^

* «« ues or th e 1  ~ ~  ^  2! -  2 ^ I o no  ov-o o) m n

Annuities. |.*r\^ON-er-ON^o<‘orv~«  *^o ^no on ^no - no - ^ o no  nco ^ onno N pn ^ .____~  ~

I w T#- U"t LTNNO VO K 1^00 00 CN O O O o O - — N C4 M to  *£NNO NO NO NO 2j ? N ^  ^  ''n

/ OnOvOnOnOnOnOnOnOvOnOnOO O O O O O O O O O O O O O O O q q O O O O ^ On ^

  Values 0Fth

M  I Annuities.

l*-H  

•«  1 Ages of the

  Ranger lives.

-oq  I Ages of the

<  1 elder lives.

  Walues of the

/^NO  -  O  C\  GO  f^NO  Li-N  ~J~  <r>  N  -  O  ON  CO  I^NO  -  O  ON-no ,  -

rnrorororocnrocncsl cm N CM <M N N CM M CN — — — — - - '“' — — —  '  rxS°

UN "U M  'J

On O — N rr'<o^*.n 00 caOnOnOnOnOnOn^

N N ^  /

J  IJN sf  eo N N-

I rf" ^  ^  -ef-

O ON OO ^ Nj- M M

—  """  _  ,  _  ^4-  foNN^O^OONN^^rlfn° OoCNO  O  N  rf-O

_  .  n  ^o  fJ  IT  -  *-  -  -  -  -  -

^ ^vo 00 o n 00 C ^  —  —  -^  _»

rf- On  N  —  —  —  _  .  n  ^  N m w co co ccoo On r-. On 0 ^  -ONr^^po-r^rf-O *

_ r*r\D O ^°° N O  -  O  ^  ^  ^  OO OO ON O - N CM M J

_ ^  ^  On  roNO  O  000--N^  0oO00OrNrx^~^—  000000 OnOnOnOnOnON

tm nnn  IN,  CO  00  ON  OOOnrNOOO^  --------

T^- rh un t^NNO ^ r-t. r-H. —■ —  _  —

^  v0  ^  ^  2  «  2  j^'no  «un  ^  1

,<> N “ O Os 00 2" — — ^

iAges of the i  N  ^  o  onoo  in.vo

younger lives. | wco^^,y,f0roN N N N

Ages of the |  •  ^  r>s.  «o

cider lives, |  ^  ^  ^  ^  ^  ^  **•  ^  *

n *- O ONOO KVO >^N ^ 5T 2 ^ 2 Onoo i-nO (r)fOroNNNNNNr,NNflNlHH

—- J •  *-----1-  tH-  T+-  *4-.

'O ty^ rr> CM — o 0\00  •

O

I  ^  >.  N-  T  V  n  '■

X

J

o

>

VO

C5N

vo

a ^

o

o

w

O

o

s

<L>

u

d

o

S-*

c

a

a

<

1-3

PQ

<

h

Values of the ~  &  -  vo  oo'  on  c*  §~  —---=-"  ~‘’~”~~7TCA°0  r>^  Jf

Annuities, ^ £> $5 S-'S- y- o'o o o o o o  T^To  cnoo  r-'O

r2 2£2 2ji^—^www^————1

--------     ,  _  o  CNOO  t^.'O  ^  ^  ^  ^  >->  —  *    -4  «-  Z  Z  T+-

Ovoo«^vo^^-J’n«n“''"'" ~-- I  _-■  -~r.3-3-3-3-'I-'*-'*’

_____,  *  w  W  W  NA---^"TTTTTT^TTg.«« s- 3- + + + *HI—»*-—-—*■"■

Ages of the N „ „ N „ « * S. 3- 3- ?4- 3- f4- 5- 3- * * •» ^ ^  -  o^»o^°-

elder lives.  ^  ^  ^  ^ ^  ,  ,  n  o  \o  o  rJ0  4  ~  ~  „  ^co

_-~mimt» — "**-1*  .   i_ r—_ fO too O CO VO t{- ^ ° U  - . ~ _I_ fM O  rn  N  _  ca  c*

_ OO "'3”

^  o  o  O o o ovo o o -

^  „  _ o 0°  0003  *-•  -•  -•  ^  -.  vO  COCO

°* *-' ~ °  '  o’  O'CO*

. n nno o £<5*35  —::: 2jL^-—-

^0nS’?0^0 o

— — — *■« — ~ JZ—--'  ^  rJ  —  O O\00 KVD U-l ^

co - ^ t- o +■ £ ^ 2 2! 2 ^

v N CO ^

Values of the Annuities.

——‘O00MD ^ O O'O o°° .. _ o o ^'•o ^ i: T  -  ■

• ^-N OM^   ^_U ^ n CO ro'O £

, oc ~  §.$3  2  2-  =  2  &Vo  &■

^8 8 5 3 S go S 2 ojTgli^i s-5 -"

_________------------— - o <*«» ^ -2-3*2 - 2 °'00

Ages of the 1  -  o  o^  n  n    *     —-----

younger lives. « m co co co  —------------ _---—  m  co

« « 5% « N ” " '•      3-  3-  ■*•  •*•  •*•  ^  •*■  *  *

________________________________________    ^  ^  CO  ro  ro  ro  CO  'O  n  ^  CO  ^  ro  h  ^  1  ^   —

Ages ot the elder lives.

I

Values of the Annuities.

- N o CO

,_  ~3~  ^  ^  ^  '    —-----

______________-—;—--^  ^  con  h  ooo  c^oo  ^>oo -t- O 0 ^

- - rr“" “ -ares.'s-ss ?'?»« ^ol'n-fos ^

, .;c :*« ■ **Vnmmn gtnifilriiltH-

Vo r^00 ^S^SooOOOOOOq^^^ -> - - . -—--—-  ^  ^  n  *-

^  r.  -  ^  -  —  -j_

Ages of the younger lives.

------- —    ~  cTo^  ^  2?  -  -  2  ______—

T*- ^ **• ^ ^

N OO TOO N J

N om^j r. -  g,^

CV-, -3- 'rr ^  X cn

ON ON On Q\ CA O' CT' ^ ^ ^

Ages of the j elder lives. 1

O

On

SO

o\

vo

CJ

o

o

.w

o

o

s

o

S

a,

qjo

%

o

c

c

<

On

*§

•vi

r;

W

PQ

<C

h

rf-00  ^

vr ,  „  I .  OO NO ^ * OOO rf-'-f- N rf*oo

values of the I s  ~  ~  -------------

Annuities. I . vo vo *■* no Tf-^D ^no ^ £T .

2 o' o °°

00 <-1 1^00 N'o 0\ N »oOC *■* rj -cT to IN. 0 to O <^0 rf- — 00 co Nf Q CAOo N.nO

r 0  J oo * toco

■fj  1 rf- N ON VO C4 N CO  o o o o

' bp «ono vO r^. inoo go Q\ On O O

’ ' w ^  X  • \LJ  LJ

cs N co m  tosO  lO\Q  X  N

Ages of the younger lives.

Ages of the elder lives.

O 0\ GO l^xVO w fO

N ^ f ^  ^  £?  **  -  o  on  GO  tv.  no  to  rh  co  M  -  O  ON  GO  f^vO  to  'tf-  co  ts

M  j  rr1rnMrr,rofrJ^rofONNNNNNn(ilNy-M-i-wMNw

O onoo r>»

On C?\ CA O On On On on On On On On 5-

CO CO CO CO CO CO CO CO CO CO CO CO ^ '

ON I “ “ ^  ^  ^^ ^ w X °o (» oo 00 CO GO CO og_ OO GO_ 00 CO 00 oo^ CO oo 00 00 00 0(5

rn ro rrj ro m cr, rn cn cn ff'j (V) « ro CO rn ro CO fO cn rri tri m ro rrj,

• oo xh —• f\ cooo xf-o i>- co — ^  L/*>  ^  5  .  £>

'"v? on o —> —' m <s  -4-  ir,  O  oo

Values of the Annuities.

Ages of the \  :  ~  —----------

younger lives. 2^°° Lr‘ ^ ro « — o onoo c^nd

Ages of th

^ges ot the I

elder lives. I °oooooooooooooooooo

Onoo rv.NO  —•  o Onoo kO to co n — O Onoo Os.no »-o

^mt^n(^rnron<'0<'nN tv cv cs cm n o> cs cx —  *-<  **  *-«  —1  W

Values of the Annuities.

Ages of the younger lives.

Ages of the elder lives

OSOnOnOnOnOnCNOnO'OnOnCnOOnCNOnCnOnONOnOnOnPnOnOnOn co co co co co co co co fO co to co co co co co co co co co co co co co co co

^ ^ o co no vq r^oo oo tv.\o

V^vo'.S' " 'O

^ ^ d“00 MNO^NOOOOOO

o ^ iy r-voo 00

X 0 o o o -

CO OO 'r+r’ O NO fsl rv-> •

50 ON On O - ^  ^ rhOO

00 0-P>-i^22 cocom  ?vj  OOO

OO -*|-<^NONO>.^-NO ^-CO no O On Onoo oo OO

N 0\Nrh N ONtO — N«N ON cOOO ^ N M VO 6 ^OO fT

oo oo OO ^ n ^ ^ ’t br,'° 'O  oo  oo  Q\

ONOONOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

O ONOO t>.vO ia^wnn -> o Ongo K'O lo + «N N O Tt-cococococococococococ* N M M N-N N IS N

ooooooooooooodooooood

0°

o

(J

^ ONO CO O GO COCO COOO  COsOOO  -too  N  OO  o  CO  LO  oo  O

CO UO CO o oo co — NO (SCO ^f-oc ro go IS f^. — 'O O rf-OO ic M oo t/S N On o — <N M O -t i/\ iTiO K NOQ CO ON CN O O O —* ts N CCJ rj* ONOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO — - —  —  —  —  —  ^

o\

C

o

in

O

o

*

©

e

4>

u

bJD

<y

Vh

o

£

CJ

C

w

pa

<

Values of the Annuities.

/^.ges or tne younger lives.

Ages of the elder lives.

Values of the Annuities.

Ages of the younger lives.

Ages of the elder lives.

v  kV-<2  j«2  ovo  -  "

. ~\o o unw^5> S; o' o' ~ 2 oS't'";

m r+ co co co us ur''2  —

^ M 00 ^NOO'irM oviw VEf el

OOONmN^-O^^^h  ~  -  «  -*  •"»  •  **

*"  ^ ^ Q\ ^ 0  OnOs'sO!  rf* »* CO'

U->N CTS^NOO  ^ ^ <sj co ^ ri- rf- to u-iO F^OO OO

NOOW OnO o ^ ^ ^

0000~*~~- -.  ~  ~  *“ ~--‘~l JS. —

------  '"  N  -  O  OS00 t-v'O WS i' *

,  -  o  g>*>  ^  if  ^  ~  ~

N N N M  ~  M  ~  __________________________

to co to to to »o to ^ £ £ J£ £ S «

Values of the Annuities.

^ so vo vo vo N- t*-. vo oo O coOO SO

r 2 3 S S

Ages ot the younger lives.

Ages of the I ‘elder lives. ^

v£>  ^'

""’  ^  “•  O  CA«>  w'fc

<0 N - o C^OO   ~  ~

ro CO CO CO CO M N  _________- . '  ~  -

~  ”  .  ^ -th

^.Ti. + + +rl*^^Jt0fOfncoo'r)^^cc5cnM CO CO CO CO CO CO CO  |,|,.,.  |.,,  rt|.|,  r  I  ' . -

•^-00 tc N N ^) cO "" OO v£T

— K rf- H oo ^O *oQv&

vO O f->-00 OO CTs O O —

o o o o o o ~ — ^ Z*

kA^oN ~ O Osoo CO CO CCi co co co c* c* vM

. _ , _ w-. u~\ in to ca

;,^^^^COCA. CO coco

j oo O 03 * c'4 ^ 2

• - — ••*  ^ rn -d- OS *-o

r-T\ O ^ -■“' ^ rO O cn On

«... ,s«2^t:“^22; £ ?_2 S!L

^ <s CO coco _  _i.  vj  r^OO  oo  O'lCrS

1-0 0 0 oooo^:^^--------------  _

o O O  —-----  * ~ o O'GO  -  -

M O osoo r^vo JJ1 JT n N N -

^  -  -:-------------------------—   « o oo vo-  2

................. ^  rh  ch N O CO so oo -  X  f-.-  —  “

4--^r2 2 S'00 £-'OA2   :  “

*-  irt  ^  ^  0 ^0  M-00  Ch  O  t>  CO  OS-'J'OO  CO  OO oo VO ^ ^ Q Q\

^ osvo wo w-'o^i'S* m co!T^'^' 2?^ '2- - — ;:: ::—_=-=—-*.r2,2<vo i^oo« »?°2;.- -_________————  .  _

■«o © o o o o o o   rzrrr^

_i. ^ H - O CSOO I^so ^ Z ~ -  “  -  --

c-'S-w- ” ”  __

«« JTn « N « N"

■j CO co CO CO CO N C«

^ NH ''°.'

> ri- CO C4 *-*

oo CO OQ OO OO^ CO I - w % fO CO CO CO to 1  ™

^ ^ r- - c <- c ^  «  CA  CO

CJ

"ob

o

o

O

Os

vo

Os

vo

©

o

w

o

o

-w

X

o

a

<L>

u

cr

b£>

<u

v-»

O

cT

a

<

•o\

N»

J3

W--

h}

CQ

<

f-

Values of the Annuities.

Ages of the younger lives.

4 ^ ^ jn jn. e» - vac m <sQ^  *- vo  h  +  t< os  h  ^ o  £ *2

•  *** o  ►*  rs. m 04  ChNO  •"*  ONNQ  ~t-  M  04 m  N  ^*12

r- oo oo Q\ O O *-* cj  cj m  ^  p*'' on  rn  m  — on  m  ON m

h>'n~nnnnnmnnnNnnn-^o

VO oo O

m m "d" «-r\ sO '

, no o* N ^

in,    cn  N  oi  00    O  NO  OI  or  04  oo  ■»

  ’N  On  r-.  rh    CO  tn  Ml  oo    O  0»

        04  on  m    to  m'sO    NO  Ln

-  N  C4  04  04  04  o)  03  N  04  CJ  OJ  o»

jy

0°

0

CJ

,-. O Onoo r^-NO w + ,n r,)

Ages ot the elder lives.

(ncorocfurifoeim

co ro tO f'V on co fO c^>

Values of the  W-

Annuities;  s?

; Ages of the younger lives.  

Ages of the elder lives.  

O '4'

r^oo

> r-. cm ‘ O On

_ A ^  n  f4  N  w N N rswoci ^

^«C0^NO0O^^OO0M^t%  ~  -~

r"  ^  «srMA-00'O  tA-OO  CN

° 2 - «

M O ,Onoo r'-NO m r*- cn n

rt-OOO-^-^OO j

NnO O ^ JO CN 0 *-*«'»

N roi ui N M OT) -.fo VO 04 N- M ^ on co 04 0 CO -^DC JO,

rf- O vO N oo cn On Ch

N to CC| tJ- ^ unNO NO

n « n On co f' nO *-n rh cn cl cn cn cn CJ 0» N 04 M N N N N 04

o On 00 fNNO cn rt- CO «

o ONOO r^NO m CO M-

)tnNNNNNNMN

Values of the Annuities.

^ CO 00 OO 00 OO CO NO NO 04 O 04 t}- N O

in *■*« no n k o h on f— n ini/j n O

S? On O O — - N 04 ^ O OO NO N NO ^

— ojojnoinmc^oj^ <— « O On

tO'OOOOO wNvD'0®'2*»2

Ages of the younger li

Ages of the elder lives.

the r  *

ves. I  -

rf- n n - O Onoo c^nq rj- or, N

rf* on n - 0 O ^-oo N no O no N 00 J

O no on On no n^.nm moo m On '3- CK *n 04 o N ^ N nj w ^ w.  .. .

On On O O >~t N m m on tj- Tt L.N mvO-NO cnoq on Cn O >->• "* o4 o» oj m m mi CA r-~ cn

n — o Onoo cn.no u-> ^3- tn

^ ^  1A  ^  ^  N  -  O  0,00  rvo

- O Onoo r^NO 5mo.‘N0404c^NC4^r<  __

mmmmmmmm^. ^  ^£ m £ X S cn cn

cn on on cn cn cn on <n ~n on cn on on cn

cn m cn cn m cn m on oo <

k on cn on cn



OS

N

Vi^

~ g

O

o

w

0

o

i-J

X

o

S

<u

u

CJ

50

s

o

c

G

<

w

M

<

h

I Ages ot the I ^ \o^^fON-ocr'00 txvo o-> t*- co n *-» O o^oo younger lives, I

>£) O ^ O ^3 vO.'O \o vO '*0

“ w N ^ rj m n N

vt/ *“ •

NNNNnNcm'”',~-

Ages Ot the j ,^|\OnOVOvO\OvO'OvONO'OVO‘OVOvOVOvO vO^  h

I  •'»NNNNNc*NNNNNNC'*NNC*(-,itsif>4oJrJfCSCN

—i-io or

Values of the Annuities.

rt fx O o»vo  0  S3 N  0® Tf-  0 so ro  os SO ^  ^n'O  O 00  0  ^  ^  ^

N (X <*> CA  0  tX  N Os  fs, ^ N  OCOVO

0000 Ov C\ O  »-i  -i N  rO cr>  ^ vo^O  f>. rxOO  OO DO  IX  r-'-  rJ  <N  —1  ** C

^MH*'NNNN^^r)NNNNNNNf)Cl^  ™  —

\Q Ln ro N — o  ^  csj  ^  o  OVOO  r^-sO  lo  ^  N

^  N  N  N  N  N  N  <s,

“‘.V ;; -— |  |v.|vONOVOvO\OvOvo

elder lives, »  n|nnnnnnc*

(LT t~r> un .

N N N m urv'O OO O ro O OVNVOVQVOOQCXJCO

~ —*■ /-!wo VO tNVO SO

-  —v fs|

Values of the Annuities.

. 0^j 0N^ tsCO r^vo ^ ^ * "2 ^ 2 -

"*  ^r^ooCTv  Ov00  w

... 2 ^ ■ = ^nnnnnnnnnn   —

^     T  ,  ^  +  CTi  N  -  I  ^

Ages of the younger lives.

On oo rxso vo + n n -. o Gvco rxSQ lo ^ ^ n ►-

Ages of the elder lives

Values of the Annuities.

““HH!

' N O oo 'O' ^7^ •*

^ VO 0 S0 N 0 CO  0 Ovoo IX so >U ^  -  -,

•0NN-.N0  ThOvONco^' ^ 1C §\ O? O  S'  ^  sn r*  O V^L

S? Tf- N o 'O 0  *• vo ^VO vo r>-  ^  -T  S  8  -  N ro  Ti- <r Jf  N «N

‘  CO  N  -  O  OS0Q  ^  ^ CO N - 2

~ n O SO 0° 2  ^

.CO S' P u --  ^  O  O

« - ^0  -  E  &

«s N V'4 ^ J!

pO OJ *N

—-  0 lt  “S'

- -  ——    N  -  O  os  CO

. CO N -- O Ovco  LT)  ^  ~

OvCO T'vSO

N N N (M N n  ___ —t-

S'?8.

% Jr'S «  ^  N  ^

Ages of the i

'Unger lives. |  ^  n  ~  |  o.-» r.vD „

7  -------——  /  ^^NN^INNNNNr^^,

Ages ot the I -----------"_______________________________  ^  ~  ^  ^

elder lives. I ° ° « o o o a, ov on ov cn ch c* £^0^2--------------------------------------------—--------—

I *'* n * N N '1 N M n  onovonosOnoscsosonosOsOsc^^

'J ^ ri f< i N :r « n ^  ^  ^

a> Cv CN j OOoOMCOCOOOCOOO -‘ r-) csj j NNCMNNMCSC'*

ON

SO

vr>

On

VC

<Sl

o

&

o

w

O

X

&

o

E

cs

CL>

U

C

bfl

£

O

C

a

<

On

r>*

§

W

hi

w

<

h

Values of the Annuities.  .ejO^O*0^  O CO •'N  . ii-> rh C* ^-nNO O  2 Z 2

Ages of the younger lives.  00 ^.vo ^ •+ M N ~

Ages of the elder lives.  21  21  21  21  1 21 1 21  1 21 1 21

Values of the Annuities.  ^ o»vo ^°° N  . oo m vo O

Ages of the younger lives.  ,n tyN ^ ^  o ONCO rvNO

Ages of the eider lives.  ^ cr» CO N N N «*» N   

Values of the Annuities.  —~”7'77o ° 5“  •NO rHNO 'T'*'  °» M  ^ o N  . N unN O) O ON CO NO ^ ^ O'  ^ CO M N N X ■—

Ages of the younger lives.  CO ^  CO rvNO ^ ^

Ages of the 1 elder lives. |  ^WNWNtTN^^fT N N N N N «

° ° ~

ro N O On fvNO i^vo tv.oo on

N N N N N M

0 vn vo m ■+'a '®°2 + 2 2-  -  _  ,„o>

os- sHHfsf S'3

- x r*

”*  _  rT

t"'* ** rn 00  —  “O.—■—-—'

vO *><5 ^ N ^ ----------------• - ------------^

N --------------------

CJ

"ob

o

o

O

on cj £r

t^vO ^

Os CO

rv.NO

rh CO «

^ j O O'00 tv.NO *>N ^ V

I N M M M M  H

OnCT'^^-- -

_ ^ ooooooo

- I N N N « N «Nl

o o

N N ^

2S828

^vO n£ no '

o ON X

. o o *•  ^

n O ON

£

ono «-

On CO NO ' .CO pN u

-4-0 NO t^OO CN o ^ r- -  ^

««- o«vo ^o  §'f'£?E?^L_^

un on n co rh too ^ n ^ - r:  -■—  . m N

—  On NMMNN^X*-*  vO  '-r'  ^

-  - - - - “  —-—'  , - O On^O t^v>

——----------------^  ro  N ^ *-.  ______-

N c- M — O On 00 fv.NO ^ ^ -,        ’“*  T  rJ  N

N N N - - - ^  ------- .  N  C4 ^ ” cl

____________  x  —  crM^^NHNMC4C4

LT^ nnnnnnn *_________-  N -c=° ^

1  -  "~0a00^\,  *- N Ti- 0 £ N'2  -  '*

^-coroNNN-O ON CO °° S' ^  ^  n  N 0 ° ^ O 7-S

f  ^  r,o0Ti*"'QNQVr^LnU-O'

NO ^OO 4- O NO Tj-CCN-^  ^  ON^SncOcOCON  ^  S -V_^L---

o - - " ^ tj- u-vO  _r~-———~

NNNNNNNNN^^  CO  ^

~ ~ ■" ~ —-------0  Onoo r-NO ^ ^_,

I^i- m cJ — O Onoo rv.NO «-o ^ ^ ** **• ^

NNNNNhhh-^H  ------^ J. ^

__---------------—^ ;T ^ »• N

N n n rs n ^ ^ cr n « N w

S-S-'S 8j*«£Sl£

o ON

00 ^ -  ,^(o  rh  COOO

0 °° TO CO On ON o

? 8 * •;-r.--------------------  “

zzzz«('

Led by

Anno fegni tricesimo sexto GeorgII til. c. 52. [1795*

TABLE II. -continued*

Values,of the Annuities.

Ages of the | o\oo younger lives. \

' Ages of the elder lives.

Values of the Annuities.

,*•,00 T2 2

. m ^ 2.

rJ NU

^ m ~ On r^co r- o

22.

N  W  O  «  O  NCO  „  ^

s8SK“all5a§??2|I

Ages of the younger lives.

Ages of the

'ctVwn - o ovoo ^ ^ '*•m n

-  _  1  1  /**>  t/*)

irsxrsi**)?)? £  *  ~

’ Values of the 4 Annuities.  ^ NCO  . m On •v-*‘£ O

• Ages of the  N **

! younger lives.  

Ages of the 1  : oon

elder lives. 1  ~~ j

..oTwn N OOOO^NNO

~  r,  \n  ~  \n *- 000 NfnO ^>

. M ^ - O £ %.% ^Zn  On  os  ^

<2"So = jj.SS;?:?"””:?-" N - 0

- o ON00 r^.'O ^ ^ ^ N |s.vO ^ Z - "* ~ ~

2 2 2

77777777?-^— —  77^777777;

; ; 8 sisaSSIJIUi

° s, 2>*?«:? 2? 21 -  —-. :

^S*  -.—-—;-----------77qo  00  00  00  m  w  00  00  00  00  00

te I OsOv ““^2-*-----------------------------  ?  "  “

J- 1 1

VO

OV

VO

HosYed b\j

o\

VO

>5

VO

U

a

w

•J

PQ

<

Values of the Annuities.  . vo oo  Vi _i  00 00 f . N «-r  S3 N o  1318 IO  1275 6 1210 6 1042 16  0 VO 00  N O OO ^IN O N O    rj- n ;  0 I**  I-. U~\  •"» On  M  OO  

Ages of the younger lives.  N  tJ- CO N «  coN -    N «-«  -  

.Ages of the elder lives.  cr> u-n    m tn    N ^  -  

Values of the Annuities.  ^ OO O ^ ^00 N N  N « L/~i OO t}-. *. M .*-1 ON N t^co ^N< rf- ^ tn rO W N O    O 'O NO tJ- N N  O O ON r#* h>. rj-O 00 is> Th rj- rn n n 0      N  ON ON rf-  UN to cK  tn n  

Ages of the younger lives.  N\0 lo t fON *->.    VO rj- rr> N *-<      Tjr ca  

Ages of the elder lives.  N ts N N N N N    NO VO NO VO NO VO      ITN VT\ tr>  

Values of the Annuities.  ^ csj O OO O o O N OO'O  . O O ctn O On 0 cnoo t -) mtI-mn on mvo oo      00 rhNOO 0 00 00 0  On tr> 0 On 00 ~ tJ- OS rr>cr>N On cn. *■<"» vo 00 rh w. Wi N O      

Ages of the younger lives.  On oo r>00 H      00 t^.VO N      

Ages of the elder lives.  j OnOnOnOnOnOnCnOnOn      | 0000000000000000      

<y

(4

m

K

o

q

.o'

T3

O

. I

<

<

%

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1795. TABLE III.

The values of art annuity of ioo£. per annum, payable yearly, for any number of years, not exceeding 90.

Years.          Value.

1  •        96 2

21  •        u88 12

3    •      277 10

4    •      362 18

    •      445 2

6          524 4

7          600 4

8          673 4

9      •    743 >o

so          8l I O

S I          876 O

12          938 10

*3    •      99# 10

H    •  4    1056 6

15    •      2111 16

16          1165 4

*7      •    I2l6 IO

18      •    I265 l8

19      •    1313 6

20  •    •    1359 0

21  •  •      1402 18

22  •  •      1445 2

23    •  •    1485 12

24          1524 12

25      •    1562 4

26      •    *598 4

27      4    1632 18

28      0    16 66 6

29      4    169^ 6

3°      •    1729 4

31          1758 16

3 2          1787 6

33          1814 14

34    •      1841 2

35    •  •    1866 8

3^  »  •      1890 16

37  ♦    •    1914 4

38    0  0    1936 14

39    •  4    1958 8

40    •  •    1979 4

41    r      1999 6

42  0  4      foi8 10

43  4  •      2037 0

44    •      2054 16

4>  *  a      2072 0

Years.          Value. £• s-

46  ,  4  4  +  2088 8

47  * .  4    •  5104 4

48    4    •  2119 10

49      •  •  2134 2

5°  ♦    •  0  2148 4

51      •  .  2161 14

5 2  •        2174 14

53  •      0  2187 4

54  ; •      9  2199 4

55  •    •  9  2210 16

56  •    •  •  2221 18

57  •    *  0  2232 12

58  •    •  .  2242 18

59      •  0  2252 16

60      •  4  2262 6

62      •  4  2271 8

62  #    •  •  2280 4

63  •    •  •  2288 14

64  *    •  9  2296 16

65        0  2304 12

66  •        2312 2

67  •      *  2319 8

68  •      #  2326 6

69        •  2333 0

70  •    •  •  2339 8

71  »    •  •  2345 12

72  •    ••  •  2351 10

73        ♦  2357 4

74      •  #  2362 14

75  •    •  #  2368 O

76  •    %  •  2373 2

77        «  2377 18

78  •    •  #  2382 12

79  •    •  •  2387 4

80  •    •  0  2391 io

81      *  0  2395 H

8z  •    •  4  2399 14

83  •      0  2403 io

84  •      «  2407 4

85        •  2410 16

86        •  2414 4

87  •    •  ♦  2417 IO

88      a    2420 14

89  •      ♦  2423 14

90  •      . 2426 14  RULES  

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgix III. c. 52.

RULES

,  FOR INFERRING

The value of an annuity of ioct£.  ,  held  on  the  longed

of two lives:

Alfo, The value of an annuity of ioo£. per annum, held on the joint continuance of three lives:

Alfo, The value of an annuity of ioo£. per annum, held on the longed: of three lives.

RULE for determining the value of an annuity of ioo£* per annum, payable yearly, and held on the longed: of two lives.

THE values of an annuity of ioo£. per annum, held on each of the single lives, to be added together (from Table I.) and from this sum the value of an annuity held on the joint continuance of the two lives (from Table II,) to be fubtradled; the result is the value of an annuity of ioo£. per annum, held on the longed: of the two lives.

RULE for determining the value of an annuity of JOOj£. per annum, payable yearly, and held on the joint continuance of three lives.

THE value of an annuity of ioo^. per annum on the joint continuance of the two elder lives, is to be found (from Table II.) The age of a single life of the fame (or neared) value, with the annuity on the said joint lives, to be found from Table I. The value of an annuity of 100/. per annum on the joint continuance of this life, and the younger life from Table II. five pounds being deduced from the laid fum, is the value of an annuity of IQO^. Per annum, held on the joint.continuance of the three lives.

RULE for determining the value of an annuity of ioo£. per annum, payable yearly, and held on the longed: of three lives.

THE values of an annuity of iock£. per annum for each of the three single lives to be extracted from Table I. and to be added together. The value of an annuity of ioo£. per annum on the joint continuance of the two younged lives, also the value of an annuity of ioo£. per annum on the joint continuance of the two elded lives, also the value of an annuity of ioo£. per annum on. the joint continuance of the oldest life and the younged: life $ (all found by Table II.) to be fubtradted from the sum or addition of the annuities on the three single lives : to the result is to be added the value pf an annuity of ioo^. per annum held on the joint continuance of the three livesj the amount is the value of an annuity of iqo£. per annum on the longed: of the three ljves.

A A A 2  CAP,

yoo Anno regnitricefnnofextoGEORGii IIT.c. 53.  [1795.

C A P. LIII.

An aft for indemnifying all  p who have been concerned in ad-

vifeng or carrying into execution an order of his Majefly in council refpefling the exportation of rock fait ; for preventing suits in con-fequence of the Jame; for authorising his Majefly to prohibit the exportation or carrying coaflwife of rock fait; and for making further proviflons relative thereto.—[April 26, 1796.]

Preamble. 'T'T’yHEREAS his Majefly, by an order in council bearing date Order in VV the twelfth day of Auguft one thousand seven hundred and °*  ninety-five, was pleased to order that no person or persons whatfoever

12*  Jhould, from and after the publication of the said order until the twenty-

fifth day ^December one thouj and Jeven hundred and ninety flvey direflly or indireflly, export, tranfport, carry, or convey, or cause or procure to be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed out of or from any port or place in Great Britain, or load or lay on boards or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board of any flip, veffef or boat, in order to be exported\ tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of any and Dec. 30, port or place in Great Britain, any fort of rock fait whatfoever; which Feb^iT^and or^er was> h three orders of his Majefly in council) bearing date re-March 16  Jpeflively the thirtieth day of December one thousand seven hundred

1796, refpedt- and ninety-five, the twelfth day ^February and the sixteenth day of in g rock fait, March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix ^ further continued recited. j?Qr jpace four weeks) to commence from the eighteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix : and whereas the said orders cannot be justified by law, but were expedient for the service of the publick, and for preventing the supply of a necessary article to his Majefly*s enemies, and ought therefore to be justified by an atI of parliament^ and all persons iffuing, advifing, or a fling under or in obedience to the said orders refpeflively indemnified; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conlent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament allembled, and by the autho-Suits for any r*Uy Gf the fame. That all personal actions or fuits, indidlments, ^dcm^fn re-d ^n^ormat^onsf anc^ a^ prosecutions and proceedings whatfoever, which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons for or by reason of any adt, matter, or things advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the said orders, or of any contract or agreement may^leacTthe not performed by reason or means of or in obedience to such general ifiue. orders, be, are, and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this adt; and that if any action or fuit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons for or by reason of any such adf, matter, or thing, foadvifed, commanded, appointed, or done* or foreborne to be done, or such contradf or agreement not: performed, he, file, or they, may plead the general ifiue, and give tn actions this adt and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or commenced plaintiffs, in any action or fuit fo to be prosecuted or commenced aftei^FebUii a^ter e^vent^ day of February one thousand feveft hundred 1796, defend- 2nd ninety-fix, in that part of Great Britain called England) fhall

become

lation to the said orders m?de void, and persons profecuted

T795-] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 53.  701

become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or suffer difcon- ar>ts to have . tinuance, or if a verditft pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the doubk cofts. defendant or defendants (hall recover his, her, or their double cofts, for which he, (he, or they, (hall have the like remedy, as in cafes where costs by law are given to the defendant; and if any such action or fuit shall be commenced or profecuted, after the said eleventh day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom such action or fuit shall be commenced or profecuted, shall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow to him his double costs of fuit, in all such cafes as aforefaid.

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^k*jd m

if any action or fuit hath been already commenced against any reaay com-perfon or persons for any such a<ft, matter, or thing, fo advifed, menced may commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or on apply to the account of any such contract or agreement not performed, it f\ourtlto liav€ shall and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders in such  a^e  9

adlions or suits refpedlively, in whatever courts in Great Britain

fuch actions or suits shall have been commenced, to apply to such court or courts refpedtively, to stay all proceedings therein refpec-tively,by motion in a summary way; and such court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpose accordingly; and the court or courts making such order, shall award and allow to the defendants or defenders refpe£tively double costs of fuit, for which they shall respectively have the like remedy as in cafes where the costs are bylaw given to defendants or defenders.

III.  And be it further enabled, That his Majesty may, by His Majesty

proclamation or order in council, when he shall fee caufe, and x^rtir * for such time as shall be therein exprefled, prohibit the exporting orcarrying^ or carrying coaftwife, or the attempting to export or carry coaft- coaftwiferock wife, any fort of rock fait whatfoever.  fait;

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, and if export-from and after the palling of this a£t all rock fait whatfoever

which shall be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, or  9

laden or laid on board of any (hip, veffel, or boat, in order to be exported, tranfported, carried or conveyed out of any port or place in Great Britain, or coaftwife, contrary to any such proclamation of his Majesty, or order, of his Majesty in council, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms; and all and every person or persons Qf^ncjers offending therein (hall forfeit treble the value of any such rock forfeit treble fait as shall be fo exported, tranfported, carried or conveyed out the value, and of this kingdom, or coaftwife, or laden or laid on board of any *he {hip, veffel, or boat, for either of those purposes; and such fhip, may^ * veffel, or boat, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited, and the fame shall and may be feized, by any officer pr officers of the customs : provided ^council ^ always, That his Majesty may, by special licence under his sign may permit manual, or by any such order in council or proclamation, make rock fait to be such exception with respect to the exportation or carrying coaft-

A A A 3  wife

 CjOO^Ic

Anno regni tricesimo'fexto, Georgii III. c. 54. [1795,

wife of -any fort of rock fait whatsoever, and such regulations concerning the manner of exporting or carrying the fame coaft-wife, as to him, with the advice of his privy council, shall appear to be proper,' specifying the quantities of the said rock fait, and also the place or places to and from which the fame shall or may be fo exported or carried coaftwife.

V.  And be it further enabled. That, any part of this ad may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or ads to be made in this prefect feffjon of parliament.

CAP. LI V.

An a 51 to amend an a5l, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present MajeJiy, intituled, An ad for the more effectual pre-fervation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland\ and for repealing and amending several of the laws now in being relative thereto.—[April 26, 1796.]

WHEREAS an c5l ivas passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present MajeJiy, intituled, An ad for the more effectual C' 44j recited; preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending several of the laws now1 in being relative thereto ; whereby it is among other things ena5led, that every person who J,hall wilfully take, kill, aeftroy, carry, fell, buyy or have in his or her pojfejfon, or use any partridge, between the fir ft day ^February and the firfi day of September, in any year, Jball incur certain penalties and forfeitures, by ihejaid aft laid and impofed: and whereas the fear ching for, taking, and killing partridges, fo early in the year as the firfi day of September, has been found very prejudicial to the corn thcJi growing or uncut, or cut and not carried: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s mold excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the and fomuch  authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this ad,

as relates to  fo much of the said ad as relates to the wilfully taking, killing,

SidK?sPbefore deftroying> carrying, felling, baying, having, or ufing, any par-Sept. 1, re- tridge, before the first day of September in any year, shall be, and pealed.  the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

Perform taking  IE And be it further enaded, That, from and after the palling

partridge, &c. of this ad, every person who (hall wilfully take, kill, deftroy, between Feb. carry, fell, buy, or have in his or her pofteftion, or ufe, within that liable tcP e*4’ Part  Britain  called  Scotland,  any partridge, between the

nalties of re-  htft day February and the fourteenth day of September, in any

cited ad.  year, shall be liable to and incur the fame penalties and forfeitures, as

by the said ad are laid and imposed on every person wilfully taking, killing, deftroying, carrying, felling, buying, having, or ufing, any partridge, between the first day of February and the first day of September, in every year; such penalties and forfeitures to be impofed, inflided, applied, and disposed of, in such and the fame manner, and under such and the fame rules, regulations, and reftridions, as in and by the said ad is provided and direded.

5  CAP.

70 z

Amay be altered or repealed this fefiion.

Preamble. 13 Geo. 3.

1795-J Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii lit c. 55, 5.6,  703

CAP. LV.

An a£l  for makingthe port of Scarborough, inthe if and of T obago,

a free port, under certain regulations and ref notions.—[Apiil 26,

1796.

WHEREAS by fever a I ads, made in the twenty-feventh, Preamble.

thirtieth, thirty -firft, thirty feconcl, and thirty-third years of2 7 Geo. 3. c„ the reign of bis present Maje/ly, it is provided'that wool, cotton wooll^oGeo 3 c indigo, cochineal, drugs of all forts, cocoa, tobacco, logzvood, fufic, and29. all forts of wood for dyers ife, hides, fkins, and tallow, beaver, and 31 Geo. 3. c. *?// forts of furs, tortoife-Jhell, hardwood or mill timber, mahogany, 38‘qco c #//  goods for cabinet zvare, horfes, ajfes,  mules, and cattle, ^

being growth and production of any of the colonies or plantations in 33 Geo. 3. c. America, belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign Euro- s°\ pean sovereign or fate, and all coin and bullion, diamonds, or precious reclted, Jlones, may be imported from any of the [aid colonies or plantations into the several ports of Kingfton, Savannah ia Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucea, and Antonio in the if and of Jamaica, the port of Saint George in the if and ^Grenada, the port of Rofeau in the if and of Dominica, the port of Naffau in the if and of New Providence one of the Bahama Illands, and the port of Saint John’s. in the if and of Antigua, in any foreign foop,fchooner, or other vessel whatever, not having more than one deck, and owned and navigated in the manner therein preferibed, and together with other goods and commodities mentioned in the said ads, may be expor tedfromthence under certain regulations and ref rid ions : and whereas it is expedient to permit the goods and commodities herein-before enumerated to be in like manner imported into the port ^Scarborough in the ifand of T obago, and together with such other goods and commodities to be in like manner exported from thence: be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the first day and from June of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, all the goods *79^, ex~ and commodities herein-before enumerated and deferibed (hall and may be imported into the port of Scarborough in the island of borough in 7obago, in the like foreign ships and velfels, and together with Tobago, such other goods and commodities mentioned inthe said adfs, or any of them, be exported from thence to such part of his Majefly’s dominions to which the exportation of the fame is permitted by any of the said adls, under the fame rules, regulations, and reftridtions, and subject to the like penalties and forfeitures ; to be recovered and applied in the manner in the said adts, or any pf them, mentioned and contained.

CAP. LVI.

An aft for amending an aft, made in this present fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft for allowing bounties, for a limited time, on the importa* tion into Great Britain, of any wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian raeal, or rye, in British fhips, or other ships the property of persons of

a a a 4.  any

704 Anno regni triccfirtioffexto Geoegii III. c. 57—59. [1795.

any kingdom or Hate in amity with his Majesty, or on the delivery of the fame out of warehoufefor home confumption.—[ April 26, 1796.]

Bounties, granted by 36 Geo. 3. c. 21. on wheat, Scc. imported, extended tp the ports of Barnftaple, Biddeford, Bridgewater, Bridport, Cardiff, Cardigan, Carnarvon, Fowey, Newhaven, Scarborough, Shoreham, Weymouth, Borrowftonefs, Perth, Grangemouth, and Port Dundas.

CAP. LVIT.

An adf to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments ; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications! within the time limited bylaw, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnity members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admiflions have been omitted to be itamped according to law, or having been Tramped, have been loft or miflaid, and for allowing them time to provide admiflions duly ftamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors: and for indemnifying deputy-lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglebfed to transmit defcript'ons of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpefe.—[April 26, 1796.]

CAP. LVIII.

An aft to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty’s dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the United States of America, fo far as the fame relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said United Sates. —[April 26, 1796 ]——Continued to April 5, 1797.  1

CAP. LIX.

An aft for the more effectual execution of fever al afts of parliament, made for the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.—[April 26,1796.]

Preamble.

jo Geo. 3. c. 26.

it Geo. 3. c. 42*

WHEREAS by an aft, passed in the tenth year of the reign of his prefeni Majefiy, intituled, An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in par-ment, it is enafted, That at the time appointed for taking any petition, complaining of an undue election or return of a member or members to serve in parliament, into confideration, and previous to the reading of the order of the day for that purpose, the house Jball be counted\ and that if there be leys than one hundred members prefent, the order for taking such petition into consideration shall be immediately adjourned to a particular hour on the following day, as therein mentioned\ and the house foall then adjourn to the said day; and that on the said following day the house shall proceed in the fame manner; and fo from day * to day till there be an attendance of one hundred members at the reading the order of the day to take such petition into consideration : and whereas by an aft, paffied in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majefiy, for explaining and amending the said aft, it is enafted. That if at the time of drawing by lot the names of the members, in manner preferibed by the said former aft\ the number of forty-nine members, not fet aside nor excufedy cannot be completed? the house jhall

proceed

T795*3 Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59.  705

proceed in the manner they are directed hy the said former aft to pro~ ceed, in erse there be left than one hundred members present at the time therein preferibed for counting the house ; andfo from day to day, as often as the cafe shall happen: and whereas by an aft, pajftd in the 2 5 Geo* 3* c* twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majefy, intituled. An adt aiJ to limit the duration of polls and ferutinies, and for making other regulations touching the election of members to serve in parliament for places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed, and also for removing difficulties which may arise for want of returns being made of members to serve in parliament 3 a7id by one other aft, made in the twenty-eighth year of the 28 Geo. 3. c» reign of his present Majefiy, intituled. An a£fc for the further regu- 52>r?Cite^* lation of the trials of controverted eledHons, or returns of members to serve in parliament, it is enafted. That petitions complaining of the omiffion, or of the insufficiency of a return to any writ issued for the ehftion of any member or members to serve in parliament, and also the petitions of any person or perfons, desiring to oppose any right of eleftion, or the right of chufing, nominating, or appointing, any returning officer or returning officers, zvhich shall have been deemed valid by the determination of any select committee, shall be taken into confideration, tried, and determined, in the fame manner as petitions complaining of undue elections and returns are dire ft ed to be taken into confideration, tried, and determined, by the said afts pajfed in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of his present Majefy : and whereas it is expedieyit that further provision [hould be made for preventing delay in the appointment of Qny such select committee, to be appointed for the purpojes aforesaid, any or either of them : be it enacted by the King’s mod: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if, jf apter after counting of the house ip the manner before mentioned, counting the there be less than one hundred members prefent, or if the forty- the houfe, nine members, not fet aside nor excufed, cannot be completed, it the^l^re shall and may be lawful for the houfe, (after the order or orders cited a(^ for taking any .fuch petition or petitions into confideration, shall there be not have been adjourned to a particular hour, on the following or such  members

other day as in the said adfs is diredfed,) to proceed (in like pre^Q^fet ^ manner as they might have proceeded if there had been no order ^Menor ex-or orders for taking any such petition or petitions into confidera- cufed, cannot tion on that day) upon any order of the day for the call of the be completed, houfe, which shall have been previously fixed for that day, and to t,lc house may direct that the houfe, in pursuance of such order, be then called any^order ofIX over, if they shall fo think fir, or to direct that such order of the the day for day for a call of the house shall be adjourned to such future day the call of the as they shall appoint, and in either of such cafes to come to such tl0U^> &c*> refolutions, and to make such orders relating thereto, as are usually at any time made in such cafes, or as to them shall seem meet; and in cafe no order of the day for a call of the house shall have been previoufiy fixed for that day, then that it shall and may be lawful for the house to order that the house shall be called over on such future day as they shall appoint, and to make such orders

relating

but if such 4.9 members can* not be completed, the house not to proceed until the door is unlocked, and the parties, &c. withdrawn.

When petitions are to be taken into confideration, the house not to proceed to other bulinefs until there be due attendance, except calling over the houfe, &c.

Preamble.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. [1795*

relating thereto as they {hall think neceffary, and in any cafe to make such other orders as to them {hall seem expedient for enforcing the attendance of the members on the bulinefs of the house ; and that the house {hall then adjourn to the fame day to which such order or orders shall have been adjourned, and fo from time to time, as occasion {hall require ; and in cafe no such proceedings with respect to any call of the houfe, or other the matters before-mentioned {hall take place, or if in the coufle of those proceedings the house shall be adjourned for want of members, the house shall be deemed and taken, and lhall be declared to be adjourned to the fame day to which such order or orders shall have been adjourned: provided always, That in cafe the forty-nine members, not fet aside nor excufed, cannot be completed, it {hall not be lawful for the house to proceed upon any of the matters before mentioned, until the door of the house is unlocked, and the parties, their counsel and agents, are withdrawn from the bar,

II,  Provided always, and be it enaefed, That the house shall not, on any day when any such petition or petitions shall be ordered to be taken into confideration, proceed to any other business (other than such as may, by virtue of any a£t of parliament, be proceeded on previous to the reading of the order of the day for taking any such petition or petitions into confideration) until there be an attendance of one hundred members, or until the number of forty-nine members, not fet aside nor excufed, lhall be completed, other than and except to the calling over of the houfe, adjourning such call, or ordering a call of the house on a future day, and making such orders relative thereto as they shall think fit, or such other orders as to them shall seem expedient for enforcing the attendance of the members on the bulinefs of the houfe, in the manner before-mentioned.

C A P. LX.

An aCl to regulate the making and vending of metal buttons ; and to prevent the pur chafers thereof from being deceived in the real quality of such buttons.—[April zfi, 1796.]

WHEREAS the manufacturing and vending of gilt and plated buttons has for many years been a great, and till of late an increasing branch of trade in this kingdom; and great quantities of such goods have been (ent to foreign markets: and whereas it hath been difeove red that certain deceitful and fraudulent practices have been and may be used in the making and vending of such buttons, parties larly by the Jlamping or marking of metal buttons, being neither gilt or plated, with the word gilt or plated, or with other ivords or marks, intimating that the fame were gilt or plated, to the intent that the fame might pass for, and be fold as and for gilt and plated buttons; or by marking metal buttons of an inferior quality, or being f ightly gilt, with words or marks intimating that the fame were Jlrongly gilt, or extra Jlrongly gilt, to the great injury of the purchasers thereof and of the fair trader; and by which the use and wear of ?ilt and plated buttons is greatly diminijhed, both at home and abroad%

and



7°7

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6o>

and this'valuable manufacture may ultimately te loft to this country: therefore, for preventing and punishing such fraudulent and pernicious practices; be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, it) this present parliament aflembled, and by and with the authority of the fame, That, from and after Penalty on the first day of Align ft one thousand (even hundred and ninety-fix, putting talfe no person or perfons, who shall order or apply for any metal' buttons of or from any manufacturer or maker of buttons, (hall order or direct the words gilt or plated, or any other word, letter, figure, mark, or device, indicating the quality, to be printed, call, ftamped, or marked, in or upon any part of such buttons, orfcorder or direct any word, letter, figure, mark, or device, whether the fame do or do not indicate the quality, to be printed, caft, ftamped, or marked, in or upon the underside of such buttons, unless such person or persons do and shall at the fame time order and direct such buttons to be gilt with gold, or plated with hiver respectively ; and that no person or persons shall procure or purchafe, or cause to be procured or purchaled, any metal buttons not being gilt with gold, or plated with silver refpedtively, having the words gilt or plated, or any other word, letter, figure, mark, or device, indicating the quality, printed, call:, ftamped, or marked thereon, or having any word, letter, figure, mark, or device, whether the fame do or do not indicate the quality.

printed, caft, ftamped, or marked, on the underside thereof, knowing the fame not to be gilt with gold, or plated with silver refpedtively, on pain of forfeiting, in every of the cafes aforesaid, such buttons, together with the sum of five pounds for any quantity of such buttons not exceeding twelve dozen j and for any quantity of such buttons exceeding twelve dozen, at and after the rate of one pound for every twelve dozen ; to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein-after mentioned.

II.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, No marks to from and after the said first day of Augujl, no person or persons uiedbut (hall print, caft, ftamp, or mark, or caufe, diredt, or procure to be expr^fs the^ printed, caft, ftamped, or marked, in or upon any part of any rea] quality of metal button or buttons, the words gilt or plated, or any other the buttons, word, letter, figure, mark, or device, indicating the quality, or any word, letter, figure, mark, or device, on the underside thereof, whether the fame do or do not indicate the quality, unless the fame be respectively really and bona fide plated with filver, before the fame shall be fo printed, caft, ftamped, or marked as aforesaid, or afterwards gilt with gold, or destroyed before being fold ; and that no person or persons shall put, place, or affix, or caufe, diredt, or procure to be put, placed, or affixed, upon any metal button or buttons, having the words gilt or plated, or any other word, letter, figure, mark, or device, indicating the quality, on any part of such button or buttons, or any word, letter, figure, mark, or device, on the underside thereof, whether the fame do or do not indicate the quality, any ornament or ornaments whatfoever, unless those parts of such button or buttons which shall not be

covered

7°S

To re drain ptrfons from marking any other than th words “ gilt” or “ plated” upon metal buttons.

Where per-

fons may mark the words “ double gilt,” and

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c 60. [1795.

covered by fiich ornament or ornaments, be refpecfively really and bona fide plated with filver, or gilt with gold, before such ornament or ornaments (hall be put, placed, or affixed upon such button or buttons; and that no person or persons (ball put, place, or pack, or caufe, direct, or procure, to be put, placed, or packed for fale, in or upon any card or cards, paper or papers, or other fubftance, or fell, or expose or offer tofale, or caufe, diredf, or procure to be fold or expofed, or offered to fale, any metal buttons, not being gilt with gold, or plated with silver refpec-lively, if the words gilt or plated, or any other word, letter, figure, mark, or device, indicating the quality of such buttons, be printed, caff, (lamped, or marked, in or upon any part of such buttons, or upon such card or cards, (not being the pattern card or pattern cards,) paper or papers, or other substance ; or if any word, letter, figure, mark, or device, be printed, caff, damped, or marked, on the underside of such buttons, whether the fame do or not indicate the quality, knowing the fame not to be gilt with gold, or plated with silver respectively ; upon pain of forfeiting, in every of the cafes aforesaid, such buttons, together with the sum of five pounds for any quantity of such buttons exceeding one dozen, and not exceeding twelve dozen; and for any quan-tityof such buttons exceeding twelve dozen, at and after the rate of one pound for every twelve dozen ; to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein-after mentioned.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of Augufl, no person or perfons

s shall print, caff, (lamp, or mark, or caufe, direct, or procure to be ' printed, caff, ftamped, or marked, in or upon any part of any metal button or buttons, any word, letter, figure, mark, or device, indicating or purporting to indicate the quality thereof, save and except the words “ gilt” or “ plated” refpedtively; and that no person or persons shall put, place, or pack, or caufe, diredt, or procure to be put, placed, or packed for fale, in or upon any card or cards, (except the pattern card or pattern cards,) paper or papers, or other fubffance or parcel, or expose or offer to fale, or caufe, diredf, or procure to be fold, or exposed or offered to fale, any metal buttons having any word, letter, figure, mark, or device, indicating or purporting to indicate the quality thereof, other than and except the words “gilt” or “ plated”refpedtively, printed, caff, ffamped, or marked, in or upon any part thereof, upon pain of forfeiting in every of the cafes aforesaid such buttons, together with the sum of five pounds for any quantity of such buttons exceeding one dozen, and not exceeding twelve dozen ; and for any quantity of such buttons exceeding twelve dozen, at and after the rate of one pound for every twelve dozen, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein-after mentioned.

IV.  Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing in this adt contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to inflidfany fine, penalty, forfeiture, or punifhment, upon any person or persons who shall print, caff, ftamp, or mark, or

caufe

1795*3 Annoregni tricesimo fcxto Georgii III. c. 60.  709

caufe or procure to be printed, caft, ftamped, or marked, the <c treble gilt,” words u double gilt” in or upon any metal buttons, or put, place, 1^° or pack, or caufe, dire&, or procure, to be put, placed, or packed, 11 ons* for fale, in or upon' any card or cards, (except the pattern card or pattern cards,) paper or papers, or other substance or parcel, or expose or offer to fale, or caufe, direct, or procure, to be fold, or exposed or offered to fale, any metal buttons having the words a double gilt” printed, cad:, ftamped, or marked, in or upon any part thereof; provided continually, from the time of gilding thereof, gold (hall remain put, placed, and equally spread upon the upper surface of the said buttons, exclusive of the edges, in the proportion of ten grains to such quantity of the said buttons, the upper surfaces of which, exclusive of the edges, (hall measure or be equal to the superficies of a circle twelve inches in diameter; or who (hall print, caft, ftamp, or mark, or cause or procure to be printed, caft, ftamped, or marked the words “ treble gilt” in or upon any metal buttons, or put, place, or pack, or caufe, diredt, or procure to be put, placed, or packed for fale, in or upon any card or cards, (except the pattern card or pattern cards,) paper or papers, or other substance or parcel, or expose or offer to fale, or caufe, diredf, or procure to be fold, or exposed or offered to fale, any metal buttons having the words “ treble gilt” printed, caft, ftamped, or marked, in or upon any part thereof; provided continually, from the time of gilding thereof, gold ftiall remain put, placed, and equally spread upon the upper surface of the said buttons, exclusive of the edges, in the proportion of fifteen grains to such quantity of the said buttons, the upper surfaces of which, exclusive of the edges, (hall measure or be equal to the superficies of a circle twelve inches in diameter; any thing herein-before said to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

V.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That, Penalty on from and after the said first day of Augujt, if any person shall make

out, fend, or deliver, for, with, or in relation to any metal but- mvolces# tons, any lift, bill of parcels, or invoice, expressing therein any other than the real quality of such buttons, and (hall at the time of making out, fending, or delivering such lift, bill of parcels, or invoice, know that such lift, bill of parcels, or invoice, express therein any other than the real quality of such buttons, such person (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay thefum of twenty pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

VI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That no person or persons (hall knowingly put, place, or inter- Penalty on mix, pr caufe, order, dire£t, or procure to be put, placed, or in-termixed, any metal button or buttons, that ftiall not be refpec- ferent quali-tively really and bona fide gilt with gold, or plated with filver, ties.

Upon any card or cards, (except pattern cards,) or upon any paper or papers, or other substance whereon or wherein any metal button or buttons gilt with gold, or plated with filver, (hall be put or placed, nor intermix the fame in any other manner, upon

pain

)y 

■yio Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. $o. [1791*.

pain of forfeiting the buttons fo put, placed, or intermixed, together with the sum of five pounds for any quantity of buttons fo put, placed, or intermixed, exceeding one dozen, and not exceeding twelve dozen ; and for any quantity of buttons fo put, placed, or intermixed, exceeding twelve dozen, at and after the rate of one pound for every twelve dozen; to he levied, recovered, and applied, in manner herein-after mentioned.

Vli. And, for the more easy and better ascertaining what frail be ■ deemed or taken to be a gilt or plated button or buttons, be it enafted, For afeertain- That no metal buttons shall be deemed or taken to be gilt but-bedeed^ttons> un^e^'s continually, from the time of gilding thereof, gold be a gil^but- remain Put) placed, and equallyfpread upon the upper surface ton.  of the said buttons, exclusive of the edges, in the proportion of five

grains to such quantity of the said buttons, the upper surfaces of which, exclusive of the edges, shall measure or be equal to the area or superficies of a circle twelve inches in diameter ; and that no metal buttons shall be deemed or taken to be plated buttons, unless the area or superficies of the upper surface thereof be made of a plate of filver, put, placed, or fixed uporr copper, or a mixture of copper with other metals, previous to such plate of silver and copper, or mixture of copper with other metals, being rolled into sheets or fillets.

Recovery of VIII. And be it further enafted, That it shall and may be penalties. lawful to and for any two or more of his Majesty’s justices of the peace of the county, city, or place where the offender or offenders shall refide, or where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this aft; and such justices are hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited or complaint made in that behalf, to summon the party accufed, and the witnesses on each fide, and shall examine into the matter of faft, and upon due proof thereof, either by con-fefiion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible wit-nefs or witnelfes, to give judgement or sentence for the pecuniary penalty, with costs to be allowed by such juftices; and to award and issue out their warrant, under their hands and feals, for the levying such penalty and coils on the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in cafe they shall not be redeemed within five days, inclusive of the day of the feizure, rendering the furplus, if any, to the person or persons whole goods or chattels (hail be distrained ; and for want of a fufticient djftrefs, such justices shall and may commit such offender or offenders to his Mnjefty’s gaol for the county, city, or place, where such information (hall be laid as aforesaid, there to remain for any time not exceeding three calendar .months, unless payment shall be sooner made of the said penalty and cofts.

Appeal.  IXv  And be it further enafted, That if any person or perfons

fhall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of such juftices, he, fhe, or they may (upon giving fecurity, with a fufticient furety, to the amount of the value of such .penalty or penalties, and cofts, together with such further cofts

as

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo sexto GeoRgIi 111. c. 60.  711

as (hall be awarded in cafe such judgement (hall be affirmed) appeal to the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, or place, where such conviction {hall be made; and the justices at such sessions are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses on oath, and to hear and finally determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such costs as the said court shall think reasonable, to the party in whose favour such appeal shall be determined.

X.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it shall Mitigation of be lawful for, and in the power of the said justices of the peace, Penaffies. and also of the said quarter feffions, to modify and mitigate the

faid penalties, in such manner as to them (hall seem expedient, provided that such penalties shall in no cafe be reduced below one half, or, where such penalties shall be less than the sum of forty pounds, below twenty pounds.

XI.  And be it further enadled, That no conviction made Proceeding* upon any offence or offences in this amentioned or created n^foJ^for (hall be fet aside in or by any court whatfoever, for want of form, ^.ant or or through the mistake of any faCt, circumftance, or other mat- form only, ter whatfoever, provided the material faCts alledged in such conviction, and upon which the fame shall be grounded, be proved

to the satisfaction of the said court; any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.  And be it further enaCted, That a conviction in the form or to the effeCt following (mutatis mutandis) as the cafe shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes whatfoever, without stating the cafe, or the faCts or evidence in any particular manner; (that is to fay,)

€ .BE it remembered. That on the  day of Form of con-

in the year of our Lord  at  in the county of vi<^10n*

J. B. came before us, C. D. and E. F. two of his Majesty’s justices of the peace for the said county, [city, or place, as the cafe may bef\ and informed us, that G. H. of on the  day  of  now  last  paft,  at

in the said county, [city, or place, as the cafe may be;] [herefet forth the faft for which the information is laid,] whereupon the said G. H. after being duly summoned to answer the said charge, appeared before us on the  day  of  at

in the said county, [city or place,] and having heard the charge contained in the said information, declared he was not guilty of the said offence, [or, as the cafe may happen to be, ] did not appear before us pursuant to the said fummons; [or, did negleCt and refuse to make any defence against the said charge,] but the fame being fully proved before us upon the oath of f. K. a credible witnefs,

[ar, as the cafe may happen to be,] acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the fame to be true ; and it manifestly appeared to us that the said G. H. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said information; we do therefore hereby convidt him of the offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge that he the said G. H, hath forfeited the said buttons, together with the sum of

712  Anno  regni  tncefimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6o.; [179^*

of lawful money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the law directs, according to the form of the statute in that cafe made and provided. Given under our hands and feals, the  day  of

For compelling the attendance of witnefies.

Penalties may be recovered by action.

Limitation of time for informations under the act.

Application ot the penalties.

To enable pa-rifhioners to be witnefies.

XIII.  And be it further enacted, That if any person shall be summoned as a Witnefs to give evidence before such justices of the peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the informer, or the person or persons accufed, and (hall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refufal, to be allowed of by such justices of the peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath, and give evidence before such juftices, then every such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as are herein-before directed as to other penalties.

XIV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to recover any of the pecuniary penalties aforesaid by action or fuit in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejhninfler, with full costs of fuit, wherein no effoign, prote&ion, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed ; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace of the county, city, or place, where the offence is committed, or where the offender or offenders refide, by warrant under his hand and feal, to cause any such metal buttons as shall be liable to be forfeited by virtue of this act, to be feized, and the fame, when feized, to keep in safe cuftody, for the purpose of producing the fame in evidence upon any prosecution or action to be instituted or commenced for the pecuniary penalties incurred in respect thereof; and when and as soon as the further production thereof in evidence shall become unneceffary, then the fame fhall, by order of such juflices, be defaced and deftroyed.

XV.  Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no information shall be exhibited, or action brought, for any of the offences aforesaid, unless within the space of three calendar months after the commission of such offences reflectively.

XVI.  And be it further enacted, That one moiety of the pecuniary penalties fo to be recovered as aforesaid shall be paid and payable to the poor of the parifh, townfhip, or place, where the offence shall be committed,, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform or sue for the fame.

XVII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all actions, fuits, informations, trials, and other proceedings in pursuance of this act, or in relation to any matter or thing herein contained, any inhabitant of the parifh, townfhip, or place in which any offence or offences shall be committed contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be admitted to give evidence, and shall be deemed competent witnefles, notwith-ffanding his, her, or their being an inhabitant or inhabitants of

the

*795*3 Anno regnitricesimo sexto Georgii III. c 6o.  713

the pariflh, townfhip, or place, wherein any Such offence or offences (hall be supposed to have been committed.

XVIII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled. That in Perfons dif-cafe any person or persons who shall be liable to any of the ^ofeorder penalties aforesaid, by reason of any thing done by him, her, or any thing them, under the order, direction, or procurement of any other pumlhable person or perfons, fhall, before any information or complaint under this a<5t shall be laid or made against him, her, or them, discover to any noTbe two or more justices the name or names of the person or persons liable to any by whose order, direction, or procurement he, fhe, or they penalty for shall have done such adl which shall have made himfelf, herfelf, doing it.

or themselves liable to any of the penalties, fo that such person or persons by whose order, direction, or procurement he, fhe, or they shall have done such adt, shall be prosecuted to conviction for the fame, then and in such cafe such person or persons who shall give such information, or make such complaint, shall not be liable to the pains and penalties aforesaid, but fnall be entitled to a moiety of the penalty as other informers.

XIX.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any manufacturer or maker of buttons, who Manufadtu-fhall have ordered any metal buttons to be gilt with gold by any rers not to be gilder or gilders, or other person or persons whatfoever, fhall, Jj^kies^^cer before the burnifhing of the said buttons, appear before two tajn capeg

or more of his Majesty’s justices of the peace of the county, city, or place, where such gilder or gilders, or other person or persons shall refide, or where the offence of such gilder or gilders, or other person or perfons, shall have been committed, and proved before the said juffices, by one or more credible witneiles, that he ordered and directed the said buttons to be gilt in the manner required by this adf, and delivered a quantity of gold fufRcient for that purpose, or paid or contracted to pay a proper sum of money in that behalf, and shall afterwards prosecute such gilder or gilders, or other person or perfons, to conviction, then and in any of the cafes the said manufacturer or maker of buttons shall not be liable to any of the fines, forfeitures, penalties, and punishments in and by this act inflicted, for or on account of the said buttons not being gilt with gold; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XX.  Provided all'o, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be con- What buttons ftrued to extend or relate, to any button or buttons made of gold, the act shall filver, tin, pewter, lead, or mixtures of tin and lead, or iron not extend to. tinned, or of the mixed metals called Baib Metal or White Metals

or 6f either or any of these metals inlaid with fteel, or buttons plated upon (hell or fhelis; any thing herein-before said to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any fuit or action (hall be commenced againft: any petfon Limitation of or persons for what he or she may do in pursuance of this adt, actions, such fuit or action shall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be Vol. XL. '  Bbb  laid,

?i4 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 61 —6^, [1795.

laid, brought, and tried in the county, city, or place, where the offence was committed, and not elsewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in such fuit or action, suits or actions, shall and may plead the general iffue, and give this adt, and the special matter in evidence; and if any fuit or action shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any other county, city, or place, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdidl, or if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonfuit, or suffer difconti-nuance, or if a verdict (hall pass against him or her, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble cofts.

XXII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Publick a&. That this act shall be deemed and allowed in all courts within this kingdom as a publick adl; and all judges, juflices, and all other persons herein concerned, are hereby required as such to take notice hereof without specially pleading the fame,

CAP. LXI.

An aft for further continuing and amending the several a&s passed for preventing the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of coals, within the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and that part of the duchy of Lancafter adjoining thereto, and the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary-le-bone, and such part oftheparifh of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlefex.—-[ April a6, 1796.]—Continued to June 24, 1S10.

CAP. LXIL

An a£l to enable his Majesty to grant to John earl ofWeftmorland, his heirs and aifigns, in fee limple, all the eftate, right, title, and intereft, remaining in his Majelly, in and upon the hayes or walks of Sulehay Fermes and Shortwood, and Morehay, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, upon a full and adequate conftderation to be paid for the fame.

CAP. LXIII.

An adt to enable his Majesty to grant to Henry earl of Exeter, his heirs and affigns, in fee ftmple, all the eftate, right, title, and intereft, remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the haye or walk of Wefthay, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid tor the fame,

CAP. LXLV.

An a<ft to enable his Majesty to grant to George Finch Hatton, efquire, his heirs and aftigns, in fee ftmple, all the eftate, right, title, and intereft, remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the lawn of Benefield, and the bailiwick of Rockingham, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the fame.

C A P. LXV.

An a£t for rebuilding the parish church of Saint Paul, Covent-Garden, within the liberty of Weftminfter, in the county of Middlefex, and the vestry rooms belonging thereto ; for repairing and reinllating the iron

rails

1795 ] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii IfT. c. 66—72. 715

rails inclosing the fcite of the said church, and the gates leading thereto; and for making several regulations relating to the said parifti.

CAP. LXVT.

An act for enabling the commiftioners for executing an a<51 pasted in the the thirty-firft year of the reign of his present Majesty, intitultd, An a<ft for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleanling, and lighting the itreets, lanes, and other publick passages and places, within the King's town of Maidftone, in the county of Kent; for removing and preventing encroachments, obftru&ions, nuifances, and annoyances therein; for better supplying the said town with water, and for repairing the highways within the parifti of Maidftone, to raise a further iurq of money for completing the purposes of the said add,

C A P. LXVIL

An a<d for making and maintaining a navigation for Morwellham quay, in the parifti of Taviftock, in the county of Devon, to Tamerton bridge, in the parish of North Tamerton, in the county of Cornwall, and also a certain collateral cut from Powlfon bridge, in the parish of Lifton, in the said county of Devon, to Richgrove mill, in the parifti of Saint Stephen, near to the borough of Launcefton, in the said county of Cornwall

CAP. LXVIII.

An add for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the harbour of Aberdeen, in the parish of Aberdeen, or Saint Nicholas, into the river Don, at or near the south end of the bridge over the fame (adjacent to the royal burgh of Inverurie) in the parifti of Kintore, all within the county of Aberdeen, North Britain.

C A P. LXIX.

An a<d to amend an add of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Merthyr Tidvile, to ■-and through a place called the Bank, near the town of Cardiff, in the county of Glamorgan, and for extending the said canal to a place called the Lower Layer, below the said town.

CAP. LXX. '

An a<5t to enable the company of proprietor of the Leominfter canal navigation to finish and complete the fame.

CAP. LXXI.

An a& to explain and an a<d pasted in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a£t for making and maintaining a navigable canal, rrom the river Severn at Shrewfbury, in the county of Salop, to the river Merfey, at or near Netherpool, in the county of Chefter, and also for making and maintaining certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal; and for varying and altering certain parts of the Whitchurch line of the said canal and collateral cuts, and for extending the fame from Franckton common to Sherryman’s bridge, in the parish of Whitchurch, in the said county of Salop, and for making and maintaining leveral other branches and collateral cuts to communicate therewith.

CAP. LXXII.

An add for dividing, allotting, encloftng, draining, and preserving certain commons and waste grounds, called the Hern Common, and Gore Common, within the manor and parifti of Ramfey, in the county of Huntingdon, and for repealing an add made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An a<d for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, in the BBB;  feveral

716 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73,.74. [1795.

feveral parishes of Ramfey, Bury, Wiftow, Warboys, Farceitt, Stand-ground, and Water Newton, in the county of Huntingdon, and of Dod-dihgton, in the ifle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, and for making more effectual provifLon for those purposes.

C A P. LXXIII.

An ad for laying an additional tax upon the lands within the North Level, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, and on Portland, otherwise Great Porfand, in the county of Lincoln, for the further support and preservation of the principal banks and works of the laid North Level.

CAP. LXXIV.

An att for raising the [am of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities.—[May 14, 1796.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. \\7your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the com-V V mons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being de-firoustoraife the neceflaryfupplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this fefiion of parliament, have refolved, that the sum of seven millions five hundred thousand poundsbe raised by annuities, in manner herein-after mentioned- and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacfted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confentof the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons* in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the Every contri- fame, That every contributor towards raising the said sum of seven to b^ entitled * m^*ons ^ve hundred thousand pounds fhall, for every one hun-to a principal dred pounds contributed and paid, either in money or exchequer cfiool.in bills, as herein-after is mentioned, be entitled to the principal the 3 percent, sum of one hundred pounds in consolidated annuities, after the

confols., and rate three pounds per centum per annumy and to an additional iin additional *  • i r r  j  •  i*i  •  •  ^  %

principal of principal ium of twenty pounds in like annuities, after the rate

20I. therein, of three pounds per centum per annum, and also to a further prin-

from Jan. 5, cipal sum of twenty-five pounds in reduced annuities, after the

1796; a fur- rate 0p t[lree pounds per centum per annum» redeemable by parlia-ther nrinciDal  1,  1  1  j ±

or’251. in the ment; the ftid several consolidated annuities after the rate of

3  per cents. three pounds and of three pounds per ce?itum per annum to corn-

reduced, and mence from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred

^sTd^or^ and ninety-fix, and the said reduced annuity after the rate of

years 9 °l 3 three pounds per centum.per annum to commence from the fifth

months, from day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix; and fhall

April 5, 1796, also be entitled, in refpecft of every such one hundred pounds fo

contributed, to a further annuity of five shillings and fixpence*

to continue for a certain term of fixty-three years and nine

months, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred

Annuities to and ninety-fix, and then to cease ; and that the said several con-

be payable out folicjated annuities after the rate of three pounds and of three

dated fund°^" Pounc^s Per centum, and the said reduced annuity after the rate of

half-yearly, three pounds per centum refpedfively, and the said further annuity

of

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74.  717

of five {hillings and fixpence, in respect of each one hundred pounds fo to be contributed as aforesaid, (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of, the consolidated fund, and (hall be payable and transferable at the bank of England; and the said several consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds and of three pounds per centum (hall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of July, and the fifth day of January in every year ; and the said reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum (hall be paid half yearly, on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in every year; and the said annuity of five shillings and sixpence to continue for a certain term of fixty-three years and nine months from the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and then to ceafe, (hall be paid half yearly, on the tenth day of Oftober and the fifth day of April in every year.

II.  And whereas, pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions expressed in the said refolution,feveral persons have, in books opened at the bank ^England for that purpose, subscribed together the whole of the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annuities, and made deposits of ten pounds per centum on the respective fwns by them fo subscribed to the said sum offeven millions five hundred thousand pounds to be raised by annuities, with the cajhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England ; be it therefore

enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for such contri- Contributors

butors who have made such deposits with the cashier or cafhiers of ^^e^aJe0plts

the governor and company of the bankofEngland, (which cashier ^thebank1 *

or cafhiers is and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers may pay the

of such contributions, without any other warrant to be had in remainder of

that behalf), to advance and pay unto the said cashier or cafhiers their fubfcrip-

of the governor and company of the bank of England, the several  ^n**a*~

remainders of the sums by them refpedfively subscribed towards

the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds,

either in money or exchequer bills as herein-after is mentioned, at

or before the respective days and times and in the proportions

herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to fay),

the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the

twenty-feventh day of May one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-fix ; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or

before the twenty-third day of June then next following ; the

further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-

ninth day of July then next following ; the further sum of fifteen

pounds per centum on or before the nineteenth day of Augufl then

next following ; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on

or before the twenty-third day of September then next following;

and the remaining lum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before

the twenty-fixth day of October then next following.

III.  And be it further enadted, That every contributor who Contributors i {hall be pofielfed of any exchequer bill or bills made out by virtue paytheir of an add, passed in the last felfion of parliament, intituled, An in exchequer aft for raifrng a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the bills made u service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five ; or of der 35 Geo.

b b b 3  ' anotherc* 2I*



35Geo.3x.37,

and

35 Geo. 3. c.

320.

Guardians may subscribe for infants.

718  Anno  regni  tricesimo  sexto  Georgii III. c. 74. [1795.

35GC0.3.C.22. another a£l, passed in the fame feffion, intituled, An afi

a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thoujandJ'even hundred and ninety-five \ or of a nother a6t, passed in the fame fefiion, intituled. An aft for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds 1 for the uses andpurpofes therein mentioned ; or of another a6t, passed in the fame fefiion, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefiy a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this fefiion of parliament ; shall be at liberty to pay or deliver in the fame for the purchase of the said annuities; and such exchequer bill or bills shall be received as money by the cashier or cafhiers of the said governor and company, and placed as such to the credit of the contributor or contributors paying or delivering in the fame.

IV.  And be it further enabled, That it fhall, and may be lawful for any guardian or trustee having the disposition of the money or effebls of any infant, to contribute and pay any money or deliver in any exchequer bill or bills for or towards advancing the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, to be railed by annuities in manner aforesaid ; and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or truftee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this a61, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in refpebl thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor ; and the said guardian and truftee, as to the said sum or sums fo advanced, or exchequer bill or bills delivered in, is hereby difcbarged, fo as the name of such infant be ex-preffed in the receipt or receipts for such money or exchequer bill or bills.

V.  And be it further ena&e'd, That every contributor paying in the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed in refpe6fc of the said sum of leven millions five hundred thousand pounds to be contributed as aforesaid, either in money or in exchequer bills, at any time on or before the twenty-fecond day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, shall be entitled to an allowance of fo much money as the interest of each sum fo paid in advance, for completing his, her, or their contribution refpeeftively, shall amount unto, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, from the day of completing the fame, to the twenty-fixth day of Oftober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix; which allowance is to be paid by the said cashier or cafhiers, out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this a6f, as soon as such refpedfive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and afligns, shall have completed such payment.

VI.  And be it further enadled. That the several fubferibers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, »fucceflbrs, and afligns, in refpebt of the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall be entitled to an annuity after the rate of three pounds/)/?/* centum, for every one hundred pounds by him,, her, or them respectively advanced and paid, and also to an an-

i  1  nuity

 VjOO^ 1C

Contributors to be allowed difeount for fubferiptions p ud in advance.

Annuities to be paid half-yearly, but not till fubferiptions are completed.

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74.  719

nuity after the like rate of three pounds per centum in refpecft of the said additional principal sum of twenty pounds, to commence from the fifth day of ‘January one thousand (even hundred and ninety-fix, until redemption by parliament, in manner herein-after mentioned 5 and (hall also be entitled in respect of every such one hundred pounds fo advanced and paid, to a reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum in refpe£t of the additional principal sum of twenty-five pounds, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, until redemption by parliament, in manner herein-after mentioned ; and shall also be entitled, in refpedf of every such one hundred pounds fo advanced and paid, to a further annuity of five shillings and fix-pence, to continue for the term of fixty-three years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and then to ceafe; which said refpedftive annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum refpedtively, and of five shillings and fixpence, shall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions ; (that is to fay), the said first mentioned several annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year ; and the said reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth day of October, and the fifth day of Aprils in every year; and the said annuity of five shillings and fixpence, on the said tenth day of October, and the said fifth day of Aprils in every year ; the first payment upon the said first mentioned several annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum^ to be due on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix ; and on the said reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix; and on the said annuity of ive shillings and fixpence, on the said tenth day or October one tioufand seven hundred and ninety-fix; but shall not be payable uitil the refpedfive subscribers or contributors, their executors, acminiftrators, successors or afligns, shall have completed the whole of the lums by them subscribed for the purchase of the said annuities.

VII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all and Contributors e^ery such contributor or contributors, his, her, or their execu- PaYing ttle tors, adminiftrators, and afligns, who shall have paid or delivered fubfcrinfions11 inio the hands of the said cashier or cafhiers the whole of his, her, by the times or their contribution on or before the second day of July one herein fpecifi-thoafand seven hundred and ninety-fix, shall be entitled to have ed> to be en* and receive, on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred anifuifies^t an:l ninety-fix, at the bank of England, the half year’s annuities, ccr ajn pC_ aftsr the rate of three pounds per centum and of three pounds per riods. cerium, that shall become due on the said fifth day of July one thoifand seven hundred and ninety-fix; and that all and every perbn or persons who (hall have completed the whole of his, her, or tkeir said payment or payments, on or before the seventh day of Gttober one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, (hall be entitled to have and receive, on the tenth day of October one

b b b 4  thousand

7 20

Annuities payable at the bank.

The bank to appoint a cashier and accountant general, and the treasury to order money to be paid to the cafhier.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74. [1795.

thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, the half year’s annuity* after the rate of three pounds per centum, or five {hillings and fixpence, or either of them, which by virtue of this act {hall become due on such day refpedively.

VIII.  And be it further enacted, That all the annuities afore-faid (hall be payable, and paid, and be transferrable at the bank of England; and, as to the said several annuities of three pounds per centum, of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum refpedively, {hall be subject to such redemption as is herein-after mentioned.

IX.  Andfor the more easy and fur e payment ofall the several annuities ejlahlijhed by this a£h> be it further enadted, That the said governor and company of the bank of England,, and their fucceflbrs, {hall, from time to time, until all the said annuities {hall be redeemed or determined, appoint and employ one or more sufficient person or persons within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first cashier or cafhiers, and one other sufficient person within the fame office to be their accountant general; and that fo much of the monies by this act appropriated for the purpose, as {hall be sufficient from time to time to answer the said feveral

and respective annuities, and other payments herein directed to be made out of the said monies, {hall, by order of the commif-fioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be ifiued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the

faid first or chief cashier or cafhiers of the said governor and company of the bank of Englatid, and their fuccelfors, for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon account for the payment of .  the said several and respective annuities payable by virtue of this

annuities*  a<^ > and that  ca^er or cafhiers to whom the said moner

withoutdelay, shall from time to time be iftued, {hall, from time to time, without delay, pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the duecourfe of the exchequer ; aid that the said accountant general for the time being {hall from time to time inspect and examine all receipts and paymentsof the said cashier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in . order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

^cdpTs^or^ X.  it  further  enabled.  That  the  cashier  or  cafhiers  of

fubferiptions the governor and company of the bank of England^ who fhallhive which may be received, or shall receive any part of the said contributions assigned be- towards the said sum of seven millions five hundred thou/and fore^Sept. zz, p0uncjs> shall give a receipt or receipts in writing, to every such contributor for all such sums and exchequer bills, and thatthe receipts to be given {hall be affignable, by indorsement thereupon Cafhiertoglve rnac^e* at any time bef°re the twenty-fecond day of September one security and to thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and no longer: provided pay money always. That such cashier or cafhiers shall give security to the within 5 days good liking of .any three or more of the commissioners ofthetrea-fntoYheex- * fury* or l^e high treasurer for the time being, for duly answering chequer. and paying into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, for the

publicly

and the accountant general to inspect his accounts.

7 21

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74*

publick ufe, all the monies and exchequer bills which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the trust hereby in them repofed, and {hall from time to time pay and deliver all such monies and exchequer bills as soon as he or they shall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards, at the farthefi, into, and (hall account for the fame in the exchequer, according to the due course thereof, deducing thereout such sums as (hall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this adt, for which sums fo paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

XL And be it further enadled, That in the office of the account- ^ hook to be ant general of the governor and company of the bank of England accountant for the time being, a book or books (hall be provided and kept, general’s of-in which the names of the contributors shall be fairly entered; fice for enter-which book or books the said refpedHve contributors, their refpec - *nS contribute executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors and afligns, shall and ^plicat^of * may, from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to, which shall be and infpedt, without any fee or charge ; and that the said ac- transmitted to countant general fhall, on or before the fifth day of July one alitor of thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XII.  And be it further enadled, That such contributors duly Contributors paying or delivering in exchequer bills for the whole sum fo fub- ?aZrn^ fcribed, at or before the refpedfive times in this acf limited in tions to be ? that behalf, and their respective executors, adminiftrators, fuc- entitled to ceftors, and afiigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be en- ^heirannuities titled by virtue of this a<51 to have, receive, and enjoy, the faid

feveral annuities by this adt granted, in respect of the sum fo subscribed out of the monies granted and appropriated in this session of parliament for the payment thereof, and shall have good and sure interests and estates therein, according to the several provi-fions in this acl contained, as well in respect of the said transfer-rable annuities, after the rate of three pounds, and of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum refpedlively, as of five shillings and sixpence per onnum., payable and transferrable at the bank of England; and that the said several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatfoever.

XIII.  Provided always. That in cafe any such contributors Subfcriptions who have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to the said not com-cafhier or cafhiers, any sum or sums of money, at the time, and pleted, to be in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or forfeited, sums fo by them respectively fubfcribed, or their respective executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors, or afiigns, shall not advance

and pay to the said cashier or cafhiers the residue of the sum or sums fo subscribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned ; then, and in every such cafe, fo much of the refpe&ive

fum

the bank.

7zz Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgxi III. c. 74. [1795.

fum or Turns To fubfcribed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof, to the said cafliier or cafhiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds, and of, three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum refpedtively, and of five (hillings and sixpence per annum, in respect thereof, shall be extinguilhed ; any thing in this acct contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

As soon as XIV. And be it further enabled, That as Toon as any contri-are comT^ d tutors, executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or afligns, shall they may be ^ave completed their payments of the whole sum payable by them transferred at refpedlively, towards the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds the principal sum or Turns fo by them subscribed and paid refpedfively, shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such relpedtive contributors, -their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and aftigns, completing such payments respectively ; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be fo placed, their respective executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, and afiigns, shall and may have power to aftign and transfer the fame, or any part, fhare, or proportion thereof, to any other person or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the books of the bank of England; and such sums shall carry the several first mentioned annuities, after the rate of three pounds, and of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum refpedlively, redeemable by parliament, and the annuity of five shillings and sixpence per annum for fixty-three years and nine months, and then to ceafe; and shall be taken and deemed to be stock transferrable, according to the true intent and meaning of this adf, until redemption of all the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum^m such manner as is herein-after mentioned, and until the determination of the said annuity of five shillings and sixpence per annum at the expiration of the said period of fixty-three years and nine months.

XV,  And be it further enadted, That all persons who shall ' be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of the said seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or other-wife ; any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding. Treaf^rymay XVI. And be it further enadled, That it shall and maybe nev Daidlnto"  f°r  three  or  more  of  the  commissioners  of  the  treafury,  or

the high treasurer for the time being, to iftue and apply, from time to time, all such sums of money as shall be fo paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer by the said cailuer or cafhiers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of • Accountant Great Britain in this present feifion of parliament, general to XVII. And be it further enadled, That books shall be constantly keep books for kept by the said accountant general forthe time being, wherein all afiignmems or transfers of all sums advanced or contributed towards

Annuities to be deemed personal eftate.

ney paid into the exchequer.

regifterin,

transfers.

HcJsted by

1795-1 Anno regnrtrieefimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74*  723

wards the said sum of seven millions five hundred thoufajid pounds,

{hall be entered and registered ; which^ntry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or, if such parties be abfent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorifed, in writing, under his or their hand and leal, or hands and feals, to be attested by iwo or more credible wit-neffes; and that the feverai persons to whom such transfers shall be made, {hall refpedlivety underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aligning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, {hall be good or available in law : provided always, That all persons pof- Stock may be sessed of any {hare or interest ineither of the said stocks of annui- ^7/^which ties, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the fame by mu^ en_ will, in writing, attested by two or more credible witnefles; but tered with the that no payment shall be made upon any such devife, until fo accountant much of the said will as relates to such (hare, estate or intereft, £entrah in the said stocks of annuities, be entered in the faid. office ; and that in default of such transfer or devife, such (hare, eftate, or Transfers not intereft, in the said stocks of annuities shall go to the executors, to behable to adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns; and that no {lamp duties itamp duty, whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said transfers; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVTII, Provided always, and be it further enadied, That out Treafuryto .of the monies arifing- from the contributions towards railing the Cental said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds by annui- pences out of ties, any three or more of the commilfioners of the tieafury, or contributions, the high treamrer for the time being, {hall have power to discharge anc* to allow all such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the execution  and^

of this act, in such manner as to them {hall seem just and reafon- accountant able, and also to fettle and appoint such allowances as shall be general, thought proper for the fervice, pains, and labour of the said cafhifr or caftiters, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions, and shall also have power to make out of the con-folidated fund such further allowances as {hall be judged reafon-ble for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act, and also for the fervice, pains, and labour, ol the said accountant general, for performing the trust reposed in him by this act; all which allowances, to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, {hall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

XIX.  And be it further ena£ted, That all the monies to which The 3 per any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this a£t, ^ this^ad in relpedf of any sum advanced or contributed towards the said to be added to sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, on which the joint stock the said refpetfive annuities first mentioned, after the rate of three of the 3 per pounds, and of three pounds per centum per annum {hall be attend- cents.confols.; ing, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, into which the feverai sums carrying an

intereft

and the 3 per cents.reduced to the joint flock of 3 per cents, reduced.

Annuities of 5s. 6d. to be added to the annuities for 99 and 98 years.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74. [1795.

intereft after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum were, by several afts made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent afts, confolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner, and upon such notice, as in the said aft made in the twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty’s reign is directed in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said aft; and that all and every person and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, fhe, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this aft, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rates aforefaid.

XX.  And be it further enafted, That all the monies to which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this aft, in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, on which the said annuity last mentioned after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities, transferable at the bank of Englandr, which by an aft made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds per centum per annum, and (hall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament in such manner, and upon such notice, as in the several acts by which the said annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were respectively granted are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that all and every person and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, fhe, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this aft, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities, at the rate aforefaid.

XXL And be it‘further enafted. That all the said annuities, after the rate of five shillings and sixpence per annum, to continue for a certain term of fixty-three years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and then to ceafe, to which any person or perfons, bodies politick and corporate, shall be entitled by virtue of this aft, in respect of any sum or sums of money advanced or contributed towards raising the said sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds as aforesaid, shall be added to and made one joint stock with certain annuities which, by two afts made in the first and second years of the reign of his present Majesty, were granted and made payable at the bank of England^or therefpeftive terms of ninety-nine years and ninety-eight years, from the fifth days of January one thousand seven hundred and fixty-one, and one thousand seven hundred and fixty-two refpeftively, and then to ceafe; and which said respective annuities were consolidated and made one joint stock of annuities by divers afts, made in the

reiga

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74.  725

reign of his present Majesty, and {ball be paid, payable, and transferrable at the fame time and times, and in like manner with the said annuities granted by the said ads ; and fo much money Annuities {hall from time to time, continue to be fet apart, and issued  to*  be

the receipt of the exchequer to the said cashier or cafhiers of pajci out0fthe the bank of England, as (hall be sufficient to satisfy and pay fo consolidated much of the said annuities, after the respective rates of three fund, pounds, and of three pounds per centum per annum, or three pounds per centum per annum, and the annuities hereby granted to continue for a certain term of fixty-three years and nine months, from the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and then to ceafe, together with the charges attending the fame, out of the consolidated fund; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXII.  And be it further enaded, That if any person or per- Perfonscoun-fons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged fo?Conor counterfeited, or (hall willingly ad or assist in the forging or tributions,&c. counterfeiting, any receipt or receipts for the whole of, or any guilty offe-part or parts of, the said contributions towards the said sum of i°ny*

feven millions five hundred thousand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof; or shall alter any number, figure or word therein; or utter or publish as true any such falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of Eng-land, or anybody politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever ; every such person or persons fo forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof con-vided in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XXIII.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the The bank to said governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuc- continue a ceffors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their^nfthe^nn^i-own funds, in pursuance of the ads for establishing the fame, or ties hereby any of them, {nail continue a corporation for the purposes of this granted ceafe. ad, until all the annuities by this ad granted shall be redeemed

by parliamen', or shall cease as aforesaid ; and that the said governor and company of the bank England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter cr thing in pursuance of this ad.

XXIV.  And be it further enaded, That no fee, reward, or be^aken*^for gratuity wf -tfoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his receiving con. MajestyA ;>jeds, for receiving or paying the said fublcription tributions, or or conti ib on monies, or any of them, or for any receipt con- paying or cerning n; fame, or for paying the laid annuities, or any oftransferring them, or . any transfer of any fum,great or final], to be made in penaRy Qf 30I purfuanc A this ad, upon pain that any officer or person offend -

ing, by u.^cng or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity,

(hall,

72-6. Anno regni tricesimofexto Georgii III. c. 75, 76. [1795.

(hall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of fuit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjler, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed.

XXV.  ' And whereas, by an aft^ ?nade in the present fejfion of parliament^ intituled, An at: for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, the commijfioners of his Majejly's treasury are authorised to raise money, by loans or exchequer bills, not exceeding the amount of two millions • and by another aft of the fame fejfion, intituled,, An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, the said commijfioners are authorised to raise a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, not exceeding the amount of one million five hundred thousand pounds: and ivhereas the provisions of this aft render it unnecessary to make life of any money

Treafury not that might be raised under thefaid afts: be it therefore enadled, That to make any it shall notbelawful for the said commissioners of his Majesty’s trea-ifiTuesof mo- fury tQ  or  for the officers of the exchequer to make any

to be raised idues of any money which might be raised under the authority of under 36 Geo. the said a£ts, or either of them, nor for the commissioners of the

2.C.29.&C.30. treasury tocaufe the said exchequer bills to be applied in discharge of any services for which money has been or (ball be granted by parliament, or of any extraordinary services incurred, or to be incurred, and not provided for by parliament.

XXVI.  And be it further enadled, That if any person or persons (hall be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this a£f, such person or persons (ball

General ifliie. and may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and the special matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if . afterwards a verdi eft shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall aifeontinue his, her, or their action or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement shall be given againff him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwife, then Treble cofts. fach defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, againff any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP, LXXV.

An adt for further continuing for a limited time, an ad, made in the thirty-fecond year the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, * An ad for the more effc dual adminiftraion of the officeof a justice of the peace in such parts of the counties of    Middlesexand Surrey* as lie in and near the metropolis, and for the more effectual prevention of felonies/—[May 14, 1796.]----Ad 32, Geo. 3. c. 53, recited.—Continued for five years.

C A P. LXXVI.

An aft to indemnify all persons tvho have acted in consequence of orders in council, ijfuedfence the twenty-fecond day of November one thou* sand /even hundred and ninety-five, for the admission of certain

articles

727

1795.] Anno regni trlcefimo sexto Georgii III. c. 76.

articles of merchandize in neutral ships ; and to authorise the iffu-ing orders in council for the like purpose,for a limited time,—[May

14,1796.]

WHEREAS by an  aR,  pajfed in the of , Preamble.

intituled, An a£t to make further provihon respecting (hips 35Geo.3.c.8o. and effects come into this kingdom, to take the benefit of his Majesty’s orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-fir ft days q{January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and to provide for the disposal of other ships and effe£ts detained in, or brought .into, the ports of this kingdom ; it was amongjl other things enafted, That it Jkould and might be lawful, at any time before the expiration of fix calendar months after the pajfing of the said aft, to permit, by order in council, ships or vejfels, under the special circum-fiances of the cafe mentioned in the said aft, to take the benefit of the said orders; and also of another aft, pajfed in the lafl fieffion of parliament, intituled, An act for rendering effectual his Majesty’s or- and35Geo. 3. ders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-firft days of January recited* one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, respecting the ad-million of the effects mentioned in the said orders into the ports of this country, to be warehoufed; and for indemnifying all persons who have acted in consequence of such orders; and that all goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, brought in the fame, Jhould be exempted from all forfeitures’, and all persons who had a died or Jhould aft. in' bringing in the fame, or who had aftcd or fioould aft in pursuance of or according to any special order in council,

Jhould be indemnified, and Jhoidd be released and difiharged, in the • fame manner as is provided in the said lajl recited aft respecting ships and vejfels, and goods, wares, ?nerchandize, and effefts, brought in ships or vejfels entitled to the benefit of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-firjl days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five \ and that all such ships or vejfels, and all goods, wares, merchandize, and effefts, brought in the fame, shall be ad-onitted to the fame privileges and advantages as to importation, ware-houfing, or exportation, and Jhould be liable to the payment of the fame duties, and be entitled to the fame drawbacks, and Jhould be subject to the fame conditions, rides, regulations, rejlrift ions, penalties, and forfeit tures, as are provided in the said firjl-mentioned aft respecting ships and vejfels, and goods, wares, merchandize, and effefts, that have come into the ports of this kingdom to take the benefit of the said lajl-mentioned aft, or of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-firjl days of January one thousand Jeven hundred and ninety-five : <and zvhereas a number of ships and vejj'els have been admitted to an entry by order in council, made in virtue of the said firjl mentioned aft, within the said fix calendar ?nonths after the pajfing of the said aft: andwhereas,at the expiration of the said fix months,it being found that many ships and vejjels intending to take the benefit of the afts hereinbefore mentioned, were upon the fea, and had not yet arrived, and that the commerce of this kingdom had already been benefited by the admijfion of the aforesaid Jlnps and vejfels, and would be Jlill further benefited by the admijfion of others in the manner herein-before mentioned ;

orders in council have been issued to admit to an entry in

the

 OO^ lC

728 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 76. [1795.

the ports of this kingdom,, several other ships and vejfels in the circum-fiances before mentioned, permitting such parts of the cargoes of such' ships and vejfels as zvere intended for re-exportation to be ware-hcufed for re-exportation, and such parts thereof as may by law be fold in this kingdom, and zvere intended to be fold in this kingdom, to be entered, upon bond being given for payment offuch duties as parliament might think proper to impose on the fame: and whereas it is expedient that such last mentioned flips and vejfels, with their cargoes, Jhould be exempted from allforfeitures, and all persons who have aided or shall ad in bringing in the fame, or who have aided or shall aid in pursuance of or according tojiich special orders, ought to be indemnified: be it enacted by the King's most excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, Yefiels admit- and by the authority of the fame. That all such (hips or veffels, ^ toentrjr wjtj1 their carg0es, shall be exempted from forfeiture, and all council since persons who have a£ted or who shall a<5t in bringing in the fame, the expiration or who shall a<51 in pursuance of or according to such orders if-ofthe first sued fmce the expiration of the said first mentioned a<ft, shall be ^t'exem^ted indemn^ecU in t^ie ^ame manner as if such ships and veffels, fromfortei-  their  cargoes,  had  been entitled to take the benefit of the

ture, and per-faid orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-firft days of fo»6 acting January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and in the bSemnified ^ame mar*ner as persons acting in pursuance of or according to &C.  9  the said last mentioned orders have been exempted from forfeiture,

and indemnified by the said last mentioned a£t; and such last mentioned (hips and veffels, with their cargoes, shall be confider-ed as entitled to take the benefit of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-firft days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and of the said laft-mentioned a£t, and as entitled to the fame drawbacks, and as fubjecf to the fame duties, conditions, rules, regulations, reftridhons, penalties, and forfeitures, as if such ships and veffels, with their cargoes, had been admitted to entry during the continuance of the said first mentioned adh

II.  And zvhereas, under the special cir cum fiances of the commerce of Europe, and particularly of that of The United Provinces, it will be for the benefit of the commerce of this kingdom to continue to allow, for a further time to be limited, such ships and vejfels described in the said ad, as may not choose to return to the ports of The United Provinces, and also any other ships and vejf els belonging to persons of any country in amity with his Mojefiy, which are in search of a place wherein to depojit their goods, wares, and merchandize, to come to any of the ports of this kingdom, in the fame manner as if such flips and veffels, with their cargoes, had been entitled to take the benefit of -  the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-firfi days of

January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; be it therefore Veffels not enadied, That, until the twenty-fecond day of February one choosing to thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, it shall and may be rtturn to the lawful to admit, by order in council, such ships or veffels, under Pftr.ts ?p^e such special circumftances, to take the benefit of the said last vinccs and" mentioned a di, and of the said orders in council of the fixteenth

and

T795*3 Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 76,  729

and twenty-firft days of January one thousand seven hundred Veflels be-and ninety-five, and all goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, brought in the fame, (hall be exempted from al! forfeitures, and  {vjth

all persons who shall a<ft in bringing in the fame, or who {hall his Majesty, a£f in pursuance of or according to any fnch order in council, may, by order shall be indemnified, and shall be released and discharged in the  ed*Vi

fame manner as is provided in the said laid mentioned acf re-  1797,

fpedling ihips and veJTels, and goods, wares, merchandize, and to take the effects, brought in (hips or vellels entitled to the benefit of the benefit of the said orders in council of the iixteenth and twenty-firft days of ^mentioned January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that all such (hips and veflels, and all goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, brought in the fame, shall be admitted to the fame privileges and advantages, as to importation, warehoufing, or exportation, and shall be liable to the payment of the fame duties, and be entitled to the fame drawbacks, and shall be fubjeCf to the fame conditions, rules, regulations, reftri&ions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are provided in the said first mentioned a<51 reflecting (hips and veflels, and goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, that have come into the ports of this kingdom to take the benefit of the said last mentioned aft, or of the said orders in council of the Iixteenth and tvventy-firft days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, except in cafes wherein any of the said duties or drawbacks have been altered by any aft palled in the present session of parliament.

III.  And whereas, by the fir ft mentioned of the said afts, his Ma-jefty, by and with the advice of his privy council, is empowered, from time to time, to grant a commijfon or commijfons, under the great feal of Great Britain, to three or more perfons, anthorifing them to take info their pojfejfon, and under their care, flips and cargoes de-feribed in the said aft, and to manage, fell, and other-wife dispose of the fame, in the manner therein directed: and zvhereas a commijfon has been granted by virtue of the said aft to five perfons, and doubts may arise 'whether a majority of the said commijf oners are authorised by law to do any aft in execution of the powers thereby granted, without the presence and concurrence of the other commijf oners; be it further enacted. That every a6t, matter, or thing, done or per- Three of the formed, or ordered to be done or performed, in execution of the com million-powers granted in the said commiflion, by any three or more of the said commiflioners, (hall be deemed and taken to have been, the fir ft men-and {hall be, equally valid, as if such aeft, matter, or thing, tioned att, had been done or performed, or ordered to be done or performed, maY a<^ > by the whole of the said commissioners ; and all and every person and persons who have done or performed, or shall do or perform, any a£t, matter, or thing, in obedience to or in pursuance of the fame, (ball be indemnified as if the fame had been done or performed, or ordered to be done or performed, by the whole of the ^ t^e said commiflioners; and that any three or more of the said com- majority of miflioners, and also that the majority of persons appointed in those wh'omay-any future commission to be granted by virtue of the said first be appointed mentioned a6t, shall have full power and authority to do and m an-v.^^re Voh, XL.  C c c  perform,  commi 11 -

 Goo;

73° Anno regni tricesimo sexto G£orgii III. c. 77, 78. [1795..

perform, and order to be done and performed, any aft, matter* or thing, in execution of the (aid commitlions refpeftively, which the whole of the commissioners appointed therein may do and perform, or order to be done and performed, by virtue of the laid hrft mentioned aft and tlje said commiilions refpeftively.

C A P, LXXVIL

An act to explain and amend an aft made in the last session of parliament, intituled, 4 An aft for the encouragenaeilt of the mackarel fifhery/— [May 14, 1796.J

Aft 35 Geo. 3. c. 54, recited. Bounties granted by the recited aft to be paid by the .officers' appointed to pay bounties under 5 Geo. 1. c. 18. and 26 Geo. 3. c. 81. who ihall retain money to pay the charges of recited aft.

CAP. LXXVI1I.

An a El for charging the duty on mahogany imported by weight [May 14, 1796.]

Preamble. t¥T H E -R E A S by an acl,pajjed in the last section of parliament, 55 Geo. 3. c. \ V intituled, An aft for granting certain duties of customs on io, recited ; the importation of fruit, fa 11 ad oil, vvaile filk, and timber, and on the exportation of Britifn rock fait and coal, among other things a duty of one penny halfpenny the foot fquare, superficial meafurey is impojed cn the importation of mahogany into the kingdom oj Great „  Britain,  and  a  drawback  of  the whole of the said duty is allowed on

the exportation thereof from the said kingdom: and vjhereas difficulties have arjfen in refpeEt to the afeertaining the duty fo imp of eel; and it is therefore expedient, as well for the benefit of the revenue, as the accommodatioii of the merchant, that the duty on mahogany Jhould in future be charged\ and the drawback allowed, on the weight, instead of the superficial me afure thereof: be it enacted by the King's moil: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present and instead of parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, drawback11  from and after the pading of this aft, instead and in lieu of the

thereby grant* duty imposed on the importation, and the drawback allowed on ed ancLallow- the exportation of mahogany by the said recited aft, the duty and ed on maho- drawback (hall be reflectively as follows; (videlicet),

• gany, the following to take place.

Mahogany of the growth of any of the Bahama 1 £ iilands, and imported directly from thence, ?* the ton containing twenty hundred weight 3 Mahogany of the growth of the Britift) limits within the province of Yucatan in the Bay of Honduras, and imported directly from the said bay, the ton containing twenty hundred weight Mahogany not imported directly from any ofthe Bahama i(lands, or not imported directly from the Bay of Honduras, or any mahogany being of the growth of any other country or place, the ton containing twenty hundred weight

Duty.

S*

10

Drawback.

S.

10

3 -

£■

I

10

3 -

II. And

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 79.  731

II.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Duty and

in cafe any mahogany has been imported since the palling of the diawback o fa id recited aft, and such mahogany has not been delivered by the imported^ officers of the customs on payment of the duty thereby impofed, and not de-the fame (hall be charged with the duty, and (hall on exportation livered to be be allo\ved the drawback according to this aft.  thiTad^ t0

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That  ^  ^

the several duties and drawbacks by this a6t respectively imposed drawbacks to and allowed, (hall be raifed, levied,' cohered, paid, recovered, be levied and allowed, appropriated, and applied, in like manner, and under allowed as by such and the fame rules, regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and Bie reci*e^ forfeitures, as the duties on the importation, and the drawbacks ac s‘

on the exportation of the several articles contained in the fche-dnle referred to in the said recited aft, are respectively now raifed, ievied, collected, paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated, and applied, by virtue and in pursuance of the laid recited aft.

CAP. LXXIX.

An a Cl for reducing the duty payable on black lead imported into this kingdom.—[May 14, 1796.]

H E RE A S it is expedient for the more effectual preserving Preamble. and encouraging the manufacture of black lead melting pots in this country, to reduce the duty payable on the importation into, and to alter the drawback allowable on, the exportation of foreign block lead from Great Britain ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from The duty on and after the palling of this aft, the duty to be paid on the impor- drawback tation, and the drawback to be allowed on the exportation, of on exporta-foreign black lead, by virtue of an aft, passed in the twenty- tion, offo-feventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a cl reign black for repealing the several duties of cujloms and excife, and granting lea£h fi^ed by other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, toge~ cJ 13, repeal-iher ivilh the other duties compofmg the publick revenue; for permit- ed. ting the importation of centain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, (hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed, (except as to the recovery and payment of arrears), and ^ instead and in lieu thereof, the duty on the importation, and the ^id^dravX drawback on the exportation, of foreign black lead, shall be re- back, fpeftively as follows 3 videlicet,

Black lead the hundred weight

II. And be it further enacted by the.authority aforefaid. That Duty and the duty and drawback by this aft imposed and allowed, {hall be ^a^ed\nd raifed, levied, collefted^ paid, recovered, allowed, appropriated, paid^umler

C C c 2  and  recited aft.

Duty. Drawback.

£■  S.  d.    Ml-

  I      T

732 Anno regni tricesimo sexto GfcoRdn 111. c. 80, 81. [1795*

and applied, in like mahner, and under such and the fame rules, regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, as the duty on the importation, and the drawback on the exportation, of black lead are now raifed, levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated, applied, and allowed, by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited aft.

CAP. LXXX.

'  An  adt for repealing the (lamp duties on licences to fell gloves and mittens

by retail.—[May 14, 1796.]

Acts 25 Geo. 3. c. 55. and 34 Geo. 3. c. 10, recited. Duties imposed by the firlt recited adt on licences to vend gloves and mittens to ceaie.

Preamble.

35 Geo, 3. c. 119. and

CAP. LXXXI.

An aft for allowing the importation of melaffes from any country hi Eritifh ships or vejfels, and in ships or vejfels belonging to any fate in amity with his Majefy^for a limited time.—[May 14, 1796.]

WHEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the last fejjion of parliament, intituled, An a61 to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines or lpirits, from wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran; and for permitting home-made fpirits, deposited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home confumption, on payment of duty, it is amongJl other things enafted, That, from and after the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until and upon the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, in that part of Great Britain called England ; and from and after the seventeenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, until and upon the frfi day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety fix, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; no low wines or spirits shall be brewed, made, prepared, extracted, or difiilled., from any wheat, barley, malt, or tilts, or any fort of coni or grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran, or any mixture with the fame : and .whereas by an aft, passed in the present fef* v. ao, recited, fieri of parliament, intituled, An a dr to continue, for a further limited time, an aft, made in the last section of parliament, intituled, (An aft to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines or fpirits, from wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, or from any meal, flour,.or bran ; and for permitting home-made fpirits, deposited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home confumption, on payment of duty; and to prohibit * the distillation of low wines or spirits from melaftes, of the manufacture of this kingdom, or from sugar or potatoes/ the said recited aft, pajfed in the last fiffion of parliament, is further continued until the firfi day 0/" February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and all the fines, penalties, fors eitures, claufes, rnatters, and things, in the said aft to prevent the dfi illation of low wines or spirits from wheat, and the several other articles therein enumerated, are extended to the brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or difiillingy of low wives or spirits from melajjes, of the manufacture of this king-

dom^

36 Geo. 3.

 CjOO^Ic

\

733

Melaftes may he imported from any

1795*1 Anno regni tncefimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8r.

dom, or from sugar or potatoes, or any mixture vjitb the fame r effectively : and whereas, for the benefit of the difiilleries of this kingdom, it is expedient to permit•, for a limited time, //;<? importation of melafjes from any country in Europe, not in the poffefffon of his Majefiy, in am jhip or vessel belonging to Great Britain, or belonging to any kingdom cr fate in amity with his Majefiy, fubjtdi to the duty on foreign melaffes, not of and from the British plantations in America, and to permit, during the continuance of the fiiid recited acts, the importation of melaffes from any country 'out of Europe, not in the possession of his Majfiy, in any British Jhip or vessel owned and navigated according to law, Or in any Jhip or vessel belonging to any hngdomor fate in amity with his Majefiy, fubjefl, to the duty on melaffes of and from the British plantations in America $ be it therefore enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to import into this kingdom, country melaffes from any country in Europe, not in the pofteftion of in British his Majesty, and in any (hip or vessel belonging to Great ^ifels'be* Britain, or to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, on iong*mg to payment of a duty of eleven {hillings and nine-pence the hundred any state in weight; and during the continuance of the before-recited acts, amity with it ffaall and  may  be lawful for any person  or persons  to import  Majesty*

t t  y  /  r  r  r  OH  DlVITlCIlt

into this kingdom, melaffes from any country out of Europe, not Qf certain in the pofteftion of his Majesty, in any BritiJhQiip or vessel owned duties, and and navigated according to law, on payment of a duty of three to be allowed {hillings the hundred weight; and also to import any melaffes from any country out of Europe, not in the poffeftion of his Ma- ex^ jefty, in any {hip or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, on paymentof a duty of fix (hillings the hundred weight; and on the exportation according to law of such melaffes imported from any country in Europe, not in the pofteftion of his Majesty, there (hall be allowed a drawback of eleven {hillings and five-pence the hundred weight; and on the exportation according to law of such melaffes imported in Britijb-built (hips, from any country out of Europe, not in the pofteftion of his Majesty, there {hall be allowed a drawback of two (hillings and eight-pence the hundred weight; and on the exportation according to law of any melaffes imported from any country out of Europe, not in the polfeftion of his Majesty, in any (hip or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, there (hall be allowed a drawback of five (hillings and eight-pence the hundred weight.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties and drawbacks (hall be raifed, levied, collected, bMevied and paid, recovered, allowed, applied, and appropriated, in like man- allowed ner, and under such and the fame rules, regulations, reflri£tions, agreeable to penalties, and forfeitures, as the duties on the importation, and Geo" *• the drawback on the exportation of melaffes, are respectively now c*l**

C G c 3  raifed,



Preamble. 27 Geo. 3. c. 13.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto GeorgU III. g. 82. [1795.

railed, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and allowed, by virtue and in pursuance of an a£t, palled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his present Majelty, for repealing theJeveral duties of cujhms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the publick revenue ; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce and manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act more effi dually to prevent the landing of goods, wares, and merchandize, vjiihoiit the presence of the proper officer ; to autho-rife officers of the cu/loms to convey wines laying on the quays to his Majefys warehouse within a certain time after the landing thereof ; 'and to require the owners of /hips, vejfels, and boats, licensed by the admiralty, to give security to redeliver their licences, in cafe any such fnips, vejfels, or boats, /hall be lofi, broken up, or othenvije disposed of — [May 14, 1796.]

WHEREAS by an aCf, passed in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his present Majejly, intituled. An a& for repealing the several duties of customs and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king into this kingdom*, and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt; it is among other things enaCted, That all goods, wares, or merchandize, imported or brought into Great Britain, with an intentfo be landed, except diamonds, jewels, pearls, precious Jones, and bullion, and ft e/h fifio, Britiih taken and imported in Britifh-^/7^ /hips or vejfels, owned,, navigated, and regijhred according to law; and also except turbots and lobjers, hoiuever taken or imported; whether such goods, wares, or ?nerchandize, are or /hall be liable to duty or not, /hall be regularly entered at the cufom-houfe, and landed in the presence of the proper officer or officers who /hall examine the fame, and shall not deliver them out of his or their cufiody and poffeffion, until he or they shall have taken a particular account of the quantity and species of such goods: and vjhereas the good purposes intended by the said ad have been in many infiances defeated, and the revenue expofed\ to frauds, by the landing of goods without the presence of the proper officer; and it is therefore expedient that the said act Jhould be amended, and that goods fo landed, either on Sundays, holidays, or any other days, Jhould be forfeited: be it therefore enacted by the King’s mpfl: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual &nd temporal^ and commons, in this present parliament affem-

bledj,



1795-] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii JJI. c. 82.

bled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any goods, wares, No goods im-or merchandize, Imported or brought into- Great Britain^ (except diamonds, jewels, pearls, precious ftones, and bullion, and fresh fl1;,nbe un-fi(h, British taken and imported in Britijh-built Ihips cr veflels, shipped with* owned, navigated, and regiftercd according to law and also out tht preexcept tuibots and jobfters, however taken or imported), whether lc>nce °'1 fj)e r  n  ,  proper officer,

Jucn gooes, wares, or merchandize, are or mail be liable to duty Jon p^ilH]ty of

or not, {hall be unshipped or landed without the presence of the forfeiture, proper officer of the cuftoms, either on Sundays, holidays, or any other days, all such goods (hall be forfeited, and {ball and may be seized by any officer of the cuftoms,

II. And whereas by an aAt^ pajfed in the lajl fejjion of parliament, 35 Geo 3» intituled, An aft'for charging warchoufe rent on wines, in cer- °* IJk* tain cafes, secured in his Majesty’s warehoufes; for equalizing the duties on wines exported to India and China; and for providing warehouses for coffee and cocoa nuts imported into this kingdom, officers of the customs are authorised to cany or convey to his Majesty s ivarehoufes, for jecurity of the duties, any wine that is not entered according to law, zvithin twenty days from the time of the mafler making his report at the cuflom-houfe of the Jhip on board of which such wines Jh all have been imported: and whereas the importers, proprietors, or consignees of wine, are in the practice of making entries for the fame, within the time preferibed by law, and letting such wine remain on the quays for a long time, without being removed, whereby the quays are much croudcd, to the great inconvenience of trade and commerce, and impediment to the publick Jervice; for the prevention thereof, be itenafted by the authority aforefaid.

That itfhall and may be lawful for the proper officer or officers Wine not re-of the customs or excife, at the expiration of ten days from and  10

after the landing thereof, to carry and convey such wines to any jandin^ may of his Majesty’s warehoufes, and before the fame {hall be deli- be ware-vered *ut of any warehouse or warehoufes, the importer, pro- houfed; and prietor, or confignee, of such wine, shall pay into the hands of before deli-the preper officers of customs and excise refpeftively, all duties the^du\eyeand, which ffiall be due thereon, and which {hall remain unpaid, and 6d. a week per into tie hands of the proper warehouse keeper of customs or cask ware-excife warehouse rent, for such wine, at and after the rate fix pence per week, for each and every cask or other package, ^re^0^et0 fromthe time of the fame being warehoufed, together with the be paid; cofts, charges, and expences, attending the carrying of such wine, cafks, and packages, to such warehouse or warehoufes, or othewife relating to such wine, ca{ks, and packages ; and if the ^oved^rom" imperter, proprietor, or confignee, {hall neglect or refuse to take the warehouse fuchwine from such warehouse or warehouses within the space in 3 months, of tiree months, the fame (hall and may be fold to defray the naay be iold. faidJuties, warehouse rent, cofts, charges, and expences incurred theeon ; and the overplus {hall be paid to the said importer, prcurietor, or confignee.

II. And whereas by an passed in the twenty-fourth year of fhereign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for the more ef- *4 Geo. 3. fedial prevention of ffiiuggling in this kingdom, and several other 2* c*

c c c 4  aflS)

736  Anno  regni  tricesimo sexto Georgii IIT. c. 82. [1795.

acts, certain /hips, vcjfcls, and beats, therein particularly defer ibed, are in certain cafes fubjett to forfeiture, unlsfs the oiuner thereof /hall have a licence, <75 therein dsferibed and directed, y#r navigating the fame from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commifon-ers of the admiralty for the time being, or any person authorijed by them to grant the f ime : and whereas the owner of every jhip, vcfel, or boaty fo lice iff is required to give certain fecurity, <25 z/z the [aid adls directed, before such jhip, vejje!, 0r boat, proceeds to fea, or fails out of any port, harbour, <?r creek, in this kingdom : and whereas it is expedient that, 0-z/*r rf/w?  the  security in the said adls directed,

further security Jhouli be given by bond, r;z manner directed by the said aft s,, by the said owner, before any such vessel /hall proceed to Jea, <?r fad out of any port, harbour, 0;*  //;ir  kingdom,  that  on

any fuel jhip, vejfel, or boat, being loft, broken up, jold,, or otherivife disposed of the said licence, fo granted as afore fa id, fail be delivered up to the person or persons by whom such security fall have been taken,  Ar’j 0r ffezr juccejfors in office,  in order that the fame may

be cancelled within the /pace of three months from the time any such fip, vejfel, or boat, fall have been loft, broken up, fold, or otherzvife disposed of: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Owners of That, from and after the palling of this a£l, the owner of every Vu^fuantl;o^e^  veflel,  or  boat, which (hall be licensed in pursuance of the

laflmentioned a<3s> or either of them, {bail, before any such (hip, veiled, act, to give or boat, {hall proceed to fea, or fail out of any port, harbour, bond, that if or creek, in this kingdom, give security by bond, (over and &cytheUft' ab°ve the fecu rity directed by the said adls), in the manner du cence (hall be re<^ed therein refpedfively, that in cafe any such fhip, veffel, or delivered up. boat, {hall be loft, broken up, fold, or otherwise disposed of, every such licence (hall be delivered up to the person or persons by whom such security {hall have been taken, or to his br their successors in office, in order that the fame may be caicelled, which he or they are hereby authorised a'nd required to do, within the space of three months from the time any fucji fhip, veffel, or boat, {hall be loft, broken up, fold, or otlerwife disposed of; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary h any-wife notwithftanding.

Commiffion- IV. Provided always, That although any licence granted in ers of customs pUrfLiance 0f the said a£ts may not be delivered up to bt can-

TTY! TT nf T*» TT  *  -  J  1

time direct celled within the time specified in this a6t, it (hall and m\y be licences to be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty’s culloms in Eng-cancelled. land, or any four or more of them, or the commissioners o' his Majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of hem, and they are hereby authorised refpeefively, in cafe they feefuf-ficient caufe, at any time, to diredf the person or perfon; by whom security shall have been taken from the owner or owters of any (hip, veffel, or boar, to whom such licence, shall fyve been granted, to receive such licence, and cancel such feeing

C A L

*795-] Annoregni tricesimofexto Georgix III. c. S3.  737

G A P. LXXXIII.

An 1uJfor the further support and maintenance of curates within the church of England, and for making certain regulations r type cling the appointment of such curates, and the admission of persons to cures augmented by fftueen Anne’s bounty, with respect to the avoidance of other benefices.—[May 1-4, 17 <76.]

WH E R E A S, in and by a statute taffed in the twelfth yea■' Preamble.

of the reign of ffucen Anne, it is enaded, That if any rector or IZ Ann-, Hat. vicar, having cure of fouls, Jhoidd, after the twenty ninth of Septem- 2. c. 12. ber one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, nominate and present any curate to the bishop or ordinary, to be licenjed or admitted to serve the cure ofjuch re (dor or vicar in his abjencc, the Jald bishop or ordinary, having regard to the greatnejs of the cure, and the value of the ecclefta(liccl benefices of such red or. or vicar, jhould, on or before the granting such licence, appoint, by writing under his hand and fed, a Jufficienl certain stipend or iallowance, not exceeding fifty pounds per annum nor leys than twenty pounds per annum, to be paid or answered at such times as he should think fit, by finch rector or vicar to such -curate, for bis support and maintenance ; and if it Jhould appear to the bishop or ordinary, upon complaint or other-wife, that any curate of such -redor or vicar, licensed or admitted before the twenty-ninth <?/ September one thousandfeven hundred and fourteen, had not a sass dent maintenance, it should be lawful for thefa id bishop or ordinary to appoint him a certain stipend or allowance in like manner as before mentioned; and in cafe any difference Jhould arije between any rector or vicar and his curate, touching such stipend or allo wance, or the payment thereof the bishop or ordinary, on complaint to him made, should fnmmnrily hear and determine the fame; and in cafe of neglect or refusal to pay such stipend or allowance, might fequefler the profits of such benefice for and until payment thereof: and whereas in many places the pro-vifion made, in and by the said ftatute, for the support and maintenance of such curate is now become insufficient • be it enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful for the bishop or ordinary to appoint under ap^ointTItE his hand and feal any stipend or allowance for any curate hereto- pend to cu-fore nominated or employed, or hereafter to be nominated or era- rates, of 75I. ployed, not exceeding feventy-five pounds per annum, over and fheufeof the befides,on livings where the rector or vicar does not perfonallyrefide parsonage four months in the year atleaft, the ufeofthe redory or vicarage house in&a houfe, and the garden and stable thereunto belonging, such use to be certain cafe,

granted to the said curate for the space of twelve calendar months or ailra^Rw“ o  '  1  sqcc tor it

by the authority of the bishop or ordinary, under his hand and

feal, with power in the said bishop or ordinary to renew the grant from time to time, or a further sum not exceeding fifteen pounds per annum, in lieu of such houfe, garden and ftable, in cafe there shall be none such, or it shall appear to the bishop or ordinary not to be convenient to allot and assign the fame to fuch

curate $

73^  Anno  regni  tricesimo  sexto  Georgii III.c. 83. ['795'

curate; which laid stipend or (Upends shall be paid and recovered in such and the fame manner as the stipend payable under and by virtue of the (aid reefed 3.6b: provided always. That the laid houfe, garden, and liable, (hall be for the use of the laid curate and his family only during his abfual refidenee in the said redlory and vicarage houfe.

the house mf  ^lovl^ec^  be  it  further enabled, That the bi-

be^revokecT.1^ &0P or ordinary (bail have power, at any time, under his hand and leal, to revoke the grant to the said curate of the said houfe, garden, and flable, or any of them ; and also to insert in such grant such terms and conditions to be observed on the part of the; curate as he fhal! think reasonable ; and also that the curate shall peaceably deliver up the possession cf the prernifes granted to him at the expiration or other sooner determination of the grant Penalty on thereof; and in cafe he lhail refuse fo to do, he shall forfeit and lt°u ^el*verin^ l°fe to rector or vicar all such parts of his (bipend as shall U^'  then be unpaid, or shall thereafter become due, and also the fum

of fifty pound, to such rector or vicar, and which shall be reco-^ verable in an ablion of debt, i Geo. i. ftat. U J. And whereas by an aft, pajjed in the firfi year of his late most c*I0, gracious majesty King George the Firfi, it was enacted, That all churches, curacies, and chapels, which Jhould be aug?nenied by the governors of the late Fpueen Anne’s bounty, Jhould be from thenceforih perpetual cures and bene fees: and whereas it is expedient that such augmented churches, curacies, and chapels, floould be subject to the jame rules as benefices with refpeSi to the avoidance of other bene fees; be mented^lt ^urt^er ena<^ed> That such augmented churches, curacies, and Queen Anne’s chaPe^s5 (hah be considered in law as benefices prefentative, fo as bounty, to  that the licence thereto shall operate in the fame manner as infti-

be deemed  tution to such benefices, and (hall render voidable other livings

beneficespre- *n y{^e manner as institution to the said benefices; and that it th^Officiating ^e  for  the bishop or ordinary within whole jurifdiblion

curate may such augmented church, curacy, or chapel, (hall lie, to appoint . have a like under his hand and feal any stipend or allowance for the officiate ftipend. jng curate to be nominated or employed by the perpetual curate or incumbent thereof, not exceeding feventy-five pounds per annum, for which payment the laid curate shall have the fame and like remedies as are herein-before given to the curates of reblors and vicars.

W.  And whereas doubts have been lately entertained, whether the acceptance of such augmented churches, curacies, and chapels, has rendered voidable in law such other benefices as the incumbents possessed before their acceptance of the fame : and whereas it is fit that many incumbents who have accepted such churches, curacies, and chapels, Jhould be quieted in the poffejjion of the benefices they enjoyed before Benefices held the acceptance of the fame: it is hereby enabled and declared, That e^cureOtoOe  benefices  as were held in conjunction with augmented

held by the cures before the palling of this a6f, (hall continue to be held by prefentin- the present incumbents therewith; and that it (hall not be lawful cumbjpnts. t<? present to the said benefices until they (hall become void or

voidable

7 39

I795*l Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgi: III. c. 84,, 85.

voidable by death or ceffion,or by other lawful cause of avoidance, ariiing'after the palling of this ad.

V.  And whereas many perpetual curacies, although not augmented ..by the bounty of Queen Anne, have neverthelejs become confder able if. value by the improvement of the tythes or glebe of which they happen to be endowed, or by other circum/lancei ; be it further enacted,

That the bilbop or ordinary within whole jurisdiction they lie, Bifbop or or-fhall have the like power, and under the like limitations, and with dinary may the like remedies, in apportioning the stipends to be paid to the  ^  of  *

faid officiating curates by the curates or incumbents of perpetual ficiating cu-curacies, as is herein-before given respecting the apportionment rates ofperpe-of the Stipends to the curates employed in perpetual cures aug- tual curacies mented. \  .  td.

VI.  And whereas^ it is expedient that the authority of ordinaries to license curates, and to remove lie erf eel curates, should be further explained., enlarged, and confirmed; be it enacted and declared, That it 9i’dinaryn1ay (hall be lawful for the ordinary to license any curate who is or ^

fhall be actually employed by the redor, vicar, or other incum* though no bent of any parish church or chapel, although no express nomi- nomination nation of such curate shall have been made, either in words or in ihall have been writing, to the ordinary by the said redor, vicar, or other in- ^ thefficurn cumbent; and that the ordinary shall have power to revoke, j,ent, and may iummariiy and without procefs, any licence granted to airy curate revoke any employed within his jurifclidion, and to remove such curate for licence, fub-fuch good and reasonable cause as he shall approve; fubjed, ne- to^h^a^ch^ verthelefs, to an appeal, as well in the cafe of a grant of a licence bifhopof the to a curate who has not been nominated, as in the revocation of a province* licence granted to a curate ; such appeal to be made, in either cafe, to the archbishop of the province, and to be determined in a summary manner.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An ad for further continuing, for a limited time, an ad:, made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An ad to enable the lord high treafurer, or comm i Hi oners of the treasury for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an ad, made in the twenty.fifth .year of his present Majesty’s reign, on hor'es ler to hire for travelling poft, and by time, to such persons as Ihould be willing to contract for the fame.—[May 14, 1796.]

Ad 27 Geo. 3. c. 26, recited. From Auguft i, 1796, the treasury may let to farm the duties on post horses leparately in diftrids. No contract to be made to continue beyond the Feb. i, i§oqf

CAP. LXXXV,

An aft for the better regulation of mills.—[May 14, 1796.

WHEREAS the laws now in being for the regulation of mills prcamble.

have been found deficient and ineffectual: be it enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That, from and after the first day of July one thousand seven From July r* hundred and ninety-fix, every miller or other person keeping a mill *796, a ba-

in osted by 

weights to be kept in every corn mill, (which may be examined by the per-fons appointed undtr 35 Geo. 3. c. 102.), on penalty of 20s.

Proviso ns of

35 Geo' 3* c. 102. to

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 85. [1795*

for the grinding .of corn, {hall have in such mill a true and equal balance, with proper weights, according to the standard of the exchequer 3 and any person or persons appointed by virtue of an atf, palled in the last session of parliament intituled, An aft for the more ejfeftual prevention of the use of defective weights, and of safe and unequal balances, to examine the weights and balances within his or their refpe£tive counties, ridings, liberties, and diviiions, (hall be, and he and they is and are hereby author rifed snd required to examine such balances and weights, and to proceed with refped: to them in the fame manner as is provided in the said atft with refpedi to weights and balances'; and every miller, or other person as aforesaid, in whose mill (hall be found no balance or weights, {hall forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding twenty (hillings *, and every miller, or other person as aforesaid, in whose mill (hall be found any weight or weights not being extend to this according to the standard in the exchequer, or any false or un-equal balance or balances, and all persons obftruefting, hindering, or refitting such persons in viewing and examining the fame;, {hall be liable to be proceeded againft, and (hall forfeit and pay the like penalties, as any person 'committing the like offences against the provisions of the said a£t wculd be respectively liable to.

ena&ed, That every person or persons to be brought any corn to any mill to the miller or other person acting for him, or keeping the mill, to weigh, in his or her prefence, such corn before it shall be ground, and after it (hall be ground may' require the miller or 01 her person as aforesaid to weigh, in his or her prefence, the produce of the corn fo ground ; and if any miller or other person as aforesaid shall refuse fo to weigh the said corn, he {ball be liable to forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty (hillings.

III. And be it further ena&ed, That every miller, or other person keeping a mill for grinding corn, fhall, after grinding any corn, deliver to the person who brought or caused such corn to be brought, if such person shall require the fame, the whole quired, allow- produce of such corn in weight, allowing for the diminution in ing for waste weight that shall have been c;

Millers to weigh corn, if required, before and after ground, on penalty of 40s.

Millers to deliver the whole produce of corn when ground, if re-

II. And be it further who (hall bring or cause be ground, may require

caufed by the waste in grinding, and

toll is herein-after allowed to be

r by taking toll, in cafes where on penalty or J  t?  *  „  ,  ,  ,

is. per bushel taken; and if such corn (hall be drehed into flour, then the whole for the deft- produce in weight, allowing for the diminution in weight that shall have been caused by the waste in grinding and dreffing, and by taking toll as aforesaid ; and if such corn, on being weighed after grinding, or, after grinding and dreffing, (hall appear to weigh less than such full weight, after allowing for the diminution aforesaid, as the cafe may be, such miller {hall, for every bushel of corn fo deficient in weight, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding one (billing, and also treble the value of such deficiency.

IV. And be it further enabled, 1 hat in cafes where toll is herein-after allowed to be taken, such quantity of corn as the miller (hall be lawfully entitled to deduct by way of toll for

grinding

ciency, and treble the value.

Toll to be deducted from corn before it be put into the mill.

1795-] Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 85.  741

grinding of the fame, shall be deducted before the said corn shall be put into the mill.

V.  And be it further enabled, That, from and after the firft

day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, no mil- JutmoneyTto ler, or other person keeping a mill for grinding corn, {hall de- betaken tor mand or take any part of the corn brou the produce of such corn when ground, ment, but in lieu thereof he shall be enti in lawful money of Great Britain ; and every miller or other no money. person as aforesaid who shall demand or take any part of the corn brought to be ground, or of the produce of such corn when ground, by way of toll for payment, {hall for every such offence be liable to forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds: provided always, That where any person who has brought or caused to be brought anvcorn to be ground shall not have money to pay for grinding the fame, it shall be lawful for the miller or other person as aforesaid, with the consent of the person bringing the fame, or causing it to be brought, to take such part of the produce of such corn as will be equal to the money price expreff-ed in the table of prices for grinding such corn, as herein-after required: provided alfo, That nothing in this clause contained, (hall Ad not to extend or be construed to extend, to the ancient mills, commonly ext-end to called Soke Mills, or to such other ancient mills where the right and obligation of the possessors of the fame to grind corn for particu- take toll has lar perfons, or within particular diftridts, and to take a fixed and been eftablifa-certain toll for grinding* have been efiablifhed by ancient cuf-tom, and the law of the land, but that such mills shall continue an aw* to take toll in the fame quantity, and in the fame manner, as they have been used and accufcomed to do under the authority aforefaid.

VI.  And be it further enadled, That, from and after the first Millers to put day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, every up in their miller, or other perfon, who shall grind for hire or toll, shall prices* on cause to be put up in some conspicuous place in his mill, and penaltyof 20s. renew when neceffary, in fair and legible charadlers, a table of

the prices in money, or of the amount of toll or multure,, for which the several operations of his mill* are to be performed re-fpedtively; and every miller, or other perfon, as aforesaid, who shall omit to fet up and keep fair and legible such a table, shall be liable to forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty {hillings 1 for every such offence.

VII.  Provided always, and he it further enadfed, That no- Adt not to thins in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, extend to pri*

o  *  s  v'ltf* mills

to any mills kept for the private use of the proprietor or occupier only.

VIII.  And be it further enadled, That every penalty and forfei- Recovery and ture imposed by this acl shall and may be recoverable before any application one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, otPena ue*‘ divifion, or place, where the offence shall be committed, upon convidfion, or conteffion of the party, or on the oath of one or

more credible witness or witneffes; and such penalty and forfeiture shall be levied by warrant under the hand and leal, or

hands

ghi to be ground, or of toll, on pe-by way of toll for pay- naltT °* 5** tied to demand payment  hit

Appeal may

be made to the quarter fdliojas.

Judgements not remove -able.

Limitation of informations.

Form ofcon-vision.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgxi III. 85. [1795.

hands and Teals, of such justice orjuftices, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons fo offending; and the penalty and forfeiture, when fo levied, (hall be paid one moiety to the informer, ano the other moiety to the poor of the pari(h where the offence (hall be committed, and the overplus (if any), after the coifs of such conviction and distress and sale are deducted, (hall be returned to the party or parties offending ; and in cafe such distress cannot be found, and such penalty-and forfeiture, and the (aid costs and charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or juftices, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, by warrant under his cr their brand and feai, or hands and feals, to commit such offender or offenders to the common gaol or house of correction of the county or place where the offence {hall be committed, for any time not exceeding one month, unless the Laid penalty and forfeiture, and costs and charges, {hall refpeCtively be sooner paid and satisfied : provided always, That in cafe any person or persons Thai] find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice or juftices, then he or they (hall or may, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded, in cafe such judgement {hail be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, divifion, or place as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered finally to hear and determine the fame; and in cafe the judgement of such justice or justices shall be affirmed, it {hall be lawful for such juftices, at their quarter sessions as aforesaid, to award the person or persons to pay such cofts, occasioned by such appeal, as to themselves {hall seem meet, and no such judgement or conviction shall be removeable by Certiorari into any court whatfoever.

IX.  And be it further enaCled, That any information for any offence committed against this a Cl shall be laid before one or more justice or justices of the peace, within ten days after the fakl offence has been committed, and that otherwise such information shall be of no effeCl.

X.  And be it further ena&ed, That every such eonviCtion before one or more justice or justices may be made in the following form :

1 to wit. |

>E it remembered, That on the day of  .  in  the year

A. B. was, upon the complaint of C. D. convinced before  of  the justices of the

peace for  in  pursuance  of  an act palled in the

thirty-fix th year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, for [or as the cafe may be]. Given under  hand  and  feai,

the day and year above written.’

Which conviction shall be certified to the next general quarter feffions, there to be filed amongst the records of the county, rid-ing, or divifion;

XL And



ij95.] Anno regni trlcefiaio sexto GEdRGii III. c. 86.  743

XL And be it further enabled, That this a6l shall be deemed Publick a£t. and taken to be a publick a£t, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, juftices, and all other persons whom-foever, without specially pleading the fame.

and £4-Car» c. 36.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An aft to prevent abnfes andfrauds in the packing, weighty andfate of butter; and to repeal certain afts relating thereto.—[May 14,

1796.]

WHEREAS, to prevent abuses and frauds in the packirig, Preamble-weighty and sale of butter, various provisions tv ere made, by a fatute, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his majefy King Charles the Second., and intituled, An a£t for-re- 1 forming of the abuses commited in the weight and false packing z of butter ; and by another Jlatute^ made in the fourth year of the reign of King William and ^ueen Mary, and intituled, An a£t to and 4 Will. $c prevent abuses committed by the traders in butter and cheese : Mary, c. 7, and whereas the provisions of the fhid two statutes are found to be de- recited* fcftive and inefficient; and therefore it may be expedient to make neiv regulations in respect to the packing, weighty and sale of such butter be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament alfembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every cooper, or other person Regulation* who (hall make any vessel for the packing of butter, (hall make for making the fame of good and well seasoned timber, and tight, and not nacklne°tf leaky, and (hall grove in the heads and bottoms thereof; and Gutter, every vdfel which shall be made for the packing of such butter shall be a tub, firkin, or half firkin, and no other; and every tub, firkin, and half firkin, fhall, at the time the fame shall be delivered out of the pofieffion of the cOoper, or other person making the fame, be of the weight and proportion, and capable of containing the several quantities of butter herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay). Every tub (hall weigh of itfelf, including the top and bottom, not less than eleven pounds, and not more than fifteen pounds avoirdupois weight; and neither the top nor the bottom of any such tub shall be more than five eighth parts of an inch in thickness in any part thereof; and every luch tub shall be capable of containing eighty-four pounds avoirdupois weight of butter, and not less : every firkin (hall weigh of itfelf, including the top and bottom, not less than (even pounds, and not more than eleven pounds, avoirdupois weight; and the top and bottom of each such firkin (hall not be more than four eighth parts of an inch each in thickness in any part thereof; and every such firkin shall be capable of containing fifty-fix pounds avoirdupois weight of butter, and not lefs: and every half firkin,fhall weigh of itfelf, including the top and bottom thereof, not less than four pounds, and not more than fix pounds, avoirdupois weight; and the top and bottom thereof shall not be more than three, eighth parts of an inch each in thickness in any part thereof; and every

half

r44

Penalty of xos. for each vessels made contrary to the above directions. Veflels to be branded with the name of the maker and the weight, ou penalty of ios.

Directions for packing of butter;

Penalty of 5I. for not conforming to them.

Quantities to be packed in each veflel.

Anno regnl tricesimo texto Georgii III.c. 86. [1795.

half firkin (hail be capable of containing twenty-eight pounds avoirdupois weight of butter, and not Jefs; upon pain and penalty^ that the cooper, or other person or persons who (hah make any such velfel in any respect contrary to the directions aforesaid, (hall forfeit and pay for every such veiTel, fo made contrary to the directions aforesaid, the sum of ten (hillings.

II.  And be it further enabled, That every cooper, or other person making a vessel for packing such butter as aforesaid, before suffering any such vefTel to go out of his pofleflion, (hall, on the bottom of such veflel, on the outfide, with _an iron, brand his christian name and his surname at length., and in permanent and legible letters, to denote that it is the mark of the cooper or maker of the veflel, together with the exact weight or tare thereof, or in default thereof, for every such offence (hall forfeit and pay, for every such vessel not marked according to the diredtiops aforesaid, the sum of ten (hillings.

III.  And be it further enacted, That every dairy man, farmer, or feller of butter, or other person who shall pack any butter for fale, shall pack the fame in veflbls fo made and marked as aforesaid, and no other, and (hall properly soak and season every veiTel wherein he shall pack any butter, before the packing thereof; and when such vefTel (hall have been fo soaked and fea-foned, shall on the bottom thereof, on the inflde, and on the .top of every such veiTel, on the outfide, with an iron, brand his christian name and his surname at length, in permanent and legible letters ; and shall alfo, with an iron, brand on the top, on the outfide, and on the bouge or body of every such vefTel, the true weight or tare of such empty vefTel, when the fame (hall have been soaked and seasoned ; and (hall alfo, with an iron, brand his christian name and his surname at length, in permanent and legible letters, on the bouge or body of every such vef-fel, across two different (laves at lead, to prevent such staves from being taken out and changed; and also shall diftindtly, and at length, imprint his christian name and surname upon the top of the butter contained in every such vessel when fo filled ; upon the pain and penalty that every dairy man, farmer, or feller of butter, or other person who (hall offend in packing butter for fide, in any vessel not made and marked by the cooper or maker thereof as aforesaid, or not soaked and seasoned as aforesaid, or in not branding the weight of such veflel, after the fame (hall be fo soaked and seasoned as aforesaid, or in not branding his christian name and surname at length on every such vessel as aforesaid, or in not imprinting his christian name and surname on the butter packed therein as aforesaid, (hall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five pounds.

I V. And be it further enabled, That every dairy man, farmer, or feller of butter, or other person who shall pack any butter for fale, shall pack in every tub, firkin, and half firkin, (exclufive of the tare of the calk or veflel,) the several and respective quantities of good and merchantable butter herein-after mentioned; (that is to fay,) in every tub eighty-four pounds averdupois weight

, net,



1795-] Anno regni tricefioio sexto Georgii HI. c. 86.  746

net, and not lefs, (befides the tare of the cafk,) of good and merchantable butter; in every firkin fifty-fix pounds avoirdupois weight net, and not lefs, (befides the tare of the cafk,) of good and merchantable butter; and in every half firkin twenty-eight pounds avoirdupois weight net, and not lefs, (befides the tare of the cafk,) of good and merchantable butter ; and that no butter  tc*

which is old or corrupt fnall be mixed or packed up into any tub, * J firkin, or half firkin whatfoever, with any butter which is new and found; nor shall any whey butter be packed or mixed with 3ny butter that is made of cream, but the said respective forts of butter shall be packed up severally and apart by themfelves, and shall not be mixed one with another; and every tub, firkin, or half firkin, of butter, shall be of one fort and goodness throughout such tub, firkin, or half firkin ; and that no butter shall be salted with nor salted any great fait, but all butter shall be salted and saved with small  Sreat

fine fait; nor shall more fait be intermixed with the butter than shall be needful for it’s preservation ; upon pain and penalty that fcvery dairy man, farmer, or feller of butter, or other such person as aforesaid, who fnall offend, by not putting up in each tub, firkin, and half firkin, of butter to be fold, or to be exposed to sale refpedtively, such quantities as aforesaid, or by mixing butter. Penalty of 5I; or faking it contrary to the directions aforesaid, shall for every *cr each-offence forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.  offence.

V.  And be it further ena£ted, That if any change, alteration, Penalty of

fraud, or deceit shall be made, ufed, or pra£tifed, by any farmer, 3ok for any dairy man, and feller of butter, or factor for the sale or buying of butter thereof, or any other person or persons whomfoever, either in the  9

veffel wherein butter shall be packed for sale as aforesaid, or in

the butter itself therein contained, whether in quantity, quality, weight, or otherwise, or in any of the brands or marks directed to be placed on such vessel as aforesaid, or in any of the fbaves whereon such brands or marks fhrdl be placed, or in any other manner howfoever, after the packing of any butter for sale in any such vessel as aforesaid, all and every person or persons who shall be concerned in making any such change, alteration, or in ufmg or practising such fraud or deceit, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of thirty pounds.

VI.  And to the intent that the benefit intended by this aft may be .extended with full ejfetl to all perjons who do either cut out butter by

retail or expend it, be it further enadted, That every cheefemonger, The full dealer in butter, or other person or persons who shall fell to any quantity of person or persons any tub or tubs, firkin or firkins, half firkin or bu tter to be half firkins of butter, shall deliver in every such tub, firkin, and yefiCh!^ m half firkin, the full and due quantity appointed by this a£t, and not lefs, or in default thereof shall be liable to make satisfaction Satisfaction to the person or persons who shall buy the fame for what shall be

may be reco~ vered with

wanting, according to the price for which the fame was fold; and shall be liable to an action on the cafe for recovery of such cofcs. fatisfaction, together with costs of fuit.

VII. And be it further enabled. That no cheefemonger, dealer Penalty of 5I. in butter, or other person or persons whomfoever, shall re-pack Packing Vol. XL.  Den  form an> Vc c

746

butter for laic again

for Britifa butter under certain re-ftri&ions.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 86. [1795*

for sale any butter in any such tub, firkin, or half firkin as aforesaid, upon pain and penalty that every cheefemonger, or other person or perlons, who (hall re-pack any butter into any tub or tubs, firkin or firkins, or half firkin or half firkins, to fell the fame again, (hall, for every tub, firkin, or half firkin, fo repacked, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

Foreign but- V III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing ter may here* *n t^s a<q. contained shall extend to make any cheefemonger, or vefiels used dealer in butter, or other person or persons whomfoever, liable to any of the penalties of this a£t, for using any of the tubs, firkins, or half firkins aforesaid, after the British butter packed in such vefiels (hall have been taken thereout, for the re-packing for sale of any foreign butter, as do and (hall, before he, (he, or they* fo re-pack such foreign butter, entirely cut out or efface the feve-ral names of the original dairy man, farmer, or feller of butters from and out of every such vessel leaving the name and tare of the cooper, and the tare of the original dairy man, farmer, or feller of butter thereon; and after the names are fo taken out and efe faced, do and (hall, with an iron, brand his, her, or their chrif-tian name and furname, or christian names and furnames, in words at length, and the words u foreign butter” in permanent and legible letters, upon the bouge or body of every such vessel or vefiels, across two (laves at leaft, to denote that such butter is foreign butter.

IX.  And whereas divers frauds and abuses are daily praflifed in the sale of butter, in counterfeiting and forging the names and marks of owners and farmer sy ayid of particular dairy men up07i vejfels wherein butter is packed: for preventing thereof in future, be it further enabled, That if any person shall be hereafter convicted of counterfeiting or forging any of the names or marks of any such owners, farmers, or dairy men, as aforesaid,' or of causing the fame, or any of them, or any part thereof, to be counterfeited or forged, the person or persons fo offending (hall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of forty pounds.

X.  And be it further enacted, That all and every offence and offences committed againff, or alledged to be committed against this adl, the mode of determining which is not herein-before preferibed, and where the penalty for the offence shall not exceed the sum of five pounds, (hall be inquired of, sued for, heard, and determined before one or more jufiice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, city, borough, town, liberty, or divilion, wherein such offence (hall be committed, or alledged to be committed ; and upon proof thereof, by one or more credible witness or witnesses upon oath, before such justice or juftices, the penalties and forfeitures thereby incurred (hall or may be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of such jufiice or juftices, the overplus (after deducting the charges of distraining and cofts) being to be rendered to such offender; and that such penalties and forfeitures (hall be to the life of the informer or informers; and that in cafe sufficient distress (hall not be found, or such penalties and forfeitures (hall

not

Penalty of 40I. for counterfeiting names or marks of farmers, on veffels,

Recovery and application of penalties, not exceeding 5k



74 7

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 86.

not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for fugh justice or juftices, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his hand and feal or their hands and feals, to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction of the county or place where such offence {hall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any term not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than twenty-eight days, unless such penalties and forfeitures, and all reasonable charges, (hall be foorler fully paid and fatisfied.

XI.  And be it further enacted. That the justice or justices before whom any person shall be convicted in manner prescribed by this act shall cause such respective conviction to be drawn up in the form or to the effect following * (that is to fay).

to wit.

1 T> E it remembered, That on this  day  of  Form of

’ j X3  A.  B. is convicted before  conviction,

of his Majesty’s justice or jufUces of the peace for the said county of  [or}  for the  riding  or

divifion of the said county of  or, for the city,

liberty, or town of  as  the  cafe  /hall happen to bej

For that the said A. B. on [time of committing offence,] at [place of committing offence,] did [here fate the offence againf the add according to the faftf\ contrary to the form of the statute in that cafe made and provided.; and the said  adjudge him or her

to pay and forfeit for the said offence the sum of Given under my hand and feal, [or our hands and feals,] the day and year fir ft above mentioned/

And the said justice or justices before whom such conviction fhall

be had shall cause the fame, fo drawn up in the form aforesaid, to mjtted to the

be fairly written upon parchment, and transmitted to the next quarter fef-

general or quarter section of the peace to be holden for the county, hons, who

riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, wherein such con- m^deter-

vition was had, to be filed and kept amongst the records of the mmQ aPPea s*

faid general or quarter feftion; and in cafe any person or perfons

fo convicted shall appeal from the judgement of the said justice or

juftices, to the said general or quarter feftion, the justices in such

general or quarter section are hereby required, upon receiving

the said conviction, drawn Up in the form aforesaid, to proceed

to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal,

according to the directions of this act; any law, cuftom, or uiage,

to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Appeal may person or persons shall think himfelf, herfelf, or themselves aggrieved by any determination of any justice or justices of the peace, who mall at any time at in purfUance of the power to him <or them given by this at, it shall and may be lawful to and for such person or persons to appeal to the next general or general quarter section of the peace to be holden for the county or place where the said offence shall be committed or alledged to be committed, and the justices affembled, preftding at such general or

DDD2  general



Ccnvidtons not to be fet aside for want of form, nor removeable

General issue may be pleaded.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 86. [1795.

general quarter feffion, are hereby empowered to award costs to either party, as to them shall seem meet in respect of such appeal, XIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That no such conviction made, or judgement given as aforesaid, (hall be fet aside by the said court of general of general quarter session for want of form, if the material facts alledged in such conviction or into any court judgement, and on which the fame shall be grounded, be proved at We it min- to the satisfaction of the said court : nor shall any such convic-er‘  tion or judgement, or any order or proceedings of the laid court,

be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other writ or process whatfoever, into any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminjier y any law or custom to the contrary notwithftanding. Recovery and XIV. And be it further enadted, That all such fines, penalties, application of and forfeitures, imposed by this adt, as amount to more than the

ceedingS 1X" ^urn ^ve Pounc^s?  f°r  anc^  recovered  by action of

s * debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminjier respectively ; and that every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, last mentioned, shall be to the use of him, her, or them, who shall inform or sue for the fame, with costs of fuit.

XV.  And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall at any time be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done in purluance or by colour of this adt, or of any matter or thing in this adt contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the general iffue, and give this a<5t and the special matter in evidence in his or their defence or de>-fences ; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiffor plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or profecution, or judge- . meat shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then such defendantor defendants shall have double costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XVI.  Provided alfo, arid be it further enadted, That nothing in this adt contained shall extend to the packing of butter in any

not more than pot or other vefi'el which shall not be capable of containing more 34-lb.  than fourteen pounds avoirdupois weight of butter.

XVII.  Provided always, That every information, profecution, or fuit, which shall be laid or brought for any offence committed against this adt, shall be commenced within four months after the offence committed.

XV III. And whereas an aft was made in the ninth year of King George the Fir ft^ intituled, An adt for the better preventing abuses committed in weighing and packing of butter in the city of York: and whereas another aft was made in the seventeenth year of King George the Second, intituled, An adt to prevent the committing of abuses in the weighing and packing of butter in the town and borough of New Mahon, in the county of York: and ivbereas another aft zvas made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for establishing a market at Milford, intituled, An adt to enable fir William Hamilton, knight of the most honourable order of the bath, his heirs and affigns, to make and provide qu^ys,

dock*

Adt not to extend to vessels . containing

Limitation of actions.

Certain; recited $

idle



749

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III, e. 87.

dock, piers, and other eredions, and to establish a market, with proper roads and avenues thereto refpedively, within the manor of Huberjlon and jFV//, in the county of Pembroke: and whereas all the said three several aids lajl mentioned contain a clause referring to the said aft of the thirteenth and fourteenth of Charles the Second\ and to the penalties in the fame aid; be it further enabled, That fo and fo much much of the said ad of the ninth of King George the Firft, and of thereof as re-the said ad of the seventeenth of King George the Second, and of the said ad of the thirtieth of his present Majesty, refpedively, as ,3 & I4. Car. severally refers to the said a61 of King Charles the Second, and 2. or as men-alfo fo much of the fame three several ads respectively as men- ^ons Pots tions pots of butter, shall be, and the fame are hereby repealed ^ re“ but the fame three several ads refpedively, in other refpeds, shall be and remain as if this ad had not been made.

XIX.  And be it further enaded, That this ad shall com- Ad to commence and begin to be in force on the fir ft day of July in the year

one thousand seven hundred 2nd ninety-fix; and from andimme- x'& J4 gar^

diately after the commencement of this ad the said statute of the 2. and part

thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the ot 4 Will. So

Second, and also fo much of the said statute of the fourth year ofMarT be •  .  j  repealed,

the reign of King William and Queen Alary y as aifcharges any 1

perfon from the effect of any part of the said ad of the thirteenth

and fourteenth of King Charles the Second, expressed to be for

preventing any fraud in the feller of butter, after the factor or

buyer hath contracted for the fame, {hall be, and the fame are

and is hereby repealed.

XX.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no- not to

thing contained in this ad shall extend to that part of Great  \°

Bnlain called Scotland.  Sc0tland-

C A P. LXXXVII.

An all for regulating the trade or bufmefs of pawnbrokers*—[May 14,

1796.]

WHEREAS an ad was passed in the twenty-ninth year ^/'Preamble.

the reign of his present Majejly, intituled, An ad for fur- ^ ^eo‘ ther regulating the trade or business of pawnbrokers, which was 3*r5Geo. 3. to be in force for one whole year, and from thence to the end of the c. 52. and then next feffton of parliament: and whereas, by an ad pajjed in the 33 Geo. 3. c. thirty-firft year of the reign of his present Alajefy, the said ad cf the recited. twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty %vas continued for one whole year, and from thence to the end of the then next feffton of parliament: andwhereasy by an ad passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majejly, the said ad pajjed in the twenty^ ninth year of his present Alajeffs reign was in part repealed, andy Jubjed to such repeal, continued from the expiration thereof for the further term of two yearsy and from thence to the end of the then next feffton of parliament: and whereas the fold ad of the twenty-ninth year of his present Majeftfs reign requiresfome amendments, altera-tionsy and additions ; and it would be convenient for the magijlrates, and beneficial to the pawnbrokers and the publicky if the powers of the

PDD 3  faid

75°  Anno  regni triceflmo sexto Georgii III. c. 87. £1793.

faid afl,with such amendments, alterations, and additions as are itequi-fite, were consolidated and reduced into one a£l of parliament, to be in force for a limited time: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the said adls, palled in the twenty-ninth, thirty-hrft, and thirty-third years of the reign of his prelent Majesty, for further regulating the trade or bulinefs of pawnbrokers, shall be, and the fame are hereby declared From expira- to be in full force and effebt until the expiration of the present tionof the section of parliament; and from and after such expiration this a£f tMs to^be0 commence and take effebt in lieu and in dead thereof,and be putin execu- Put ln execution for and during the term of three years, and Prom tion for three thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, years.  II.  And be it further enabled, That, upon and from the com-

Pawnbrokers rnencement of this abt, it shall be lawful for all persons using and exercifmg the trade and business of a pawnbroker, to demand, receive, and take, of and from all and every person and persons applying or offering to redeem any goods or chattels pawned dr pledged with such pawnbroker, a profit after the following rates, over and above the principal sum and sums which (hall have been lent and advanced upon the refpebfive pledge or pledges, before any such pawnbroker shall be obliged to re-deliver the fame $ videlicet,

allowed to take the following rate for profit.

For every pledge upon which there (hall have been lent any sum not exceeding two {hillings and fixpence, the sum of one halfpenny, for any time during which the said pledge shall remain in pawn, not exceeding one calendar month, and the fame for every calendar month afterwards, including the current month in which such pledge shall be redeemed, although such month shall not be expired:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent the sum of five fhillings, one penny :

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent seven shillings and fixpence, one penny halfpenny :

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent ten fhillings, two-pence:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent twelve shillings and fixpence, two-pence halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there (hall have been lent fifteen fhillings, three-pence :

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent feven-teen (hillings and fixpence, three-pence halfpenny :

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent one, pound, four-pence; and fo on progressively and in proportion for any sum not exceeding forty fhillings:

For every pledge upon which there shall have been lent any sum of money exceeding forty (hillings^ and not exceeding forty-two fhillings, eight-pence ;

And,

1

tested byGoOgIC

1795*] Anno regnitricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87.  751

And for every pledge upon which there shall have been lent any sum exceeding forty-two (hillings, and not exceeding ten pounds, at and after the rate of three-pence, and no more, for the loan of every twenty /hillings, for all such money fo lent, by the calendar month, including the current month; and fo in proportion for any fradional sum :

Which said several sums (hall be taken in lieu of, and as a full-fatisfa&ion for, all interest due, and charges for warehouse room.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Pawnbrokers in all cafes where any intermediate sum lent upon any pawn or rates, f.u3rj:her pledge shall exceed the sum of two (hillings and fixpence, and g

not exceed the sum of forty (hillings, the person lending the fame shall and may take, by way of profit as aforesaid, at and after the rate of four-pence, and no more, for the loan of twenty (hillings by the calendar month, including the current month as aforefaid.

IV.  Provided always, and be it further enadted, That in all kimitin^the cafes where the party or parties entitled to and applying for the QSf °r redemption of goods pawned, within the (pace of (even days after month.

the expiration of the first calendar month after the fame (hall have been pledged, be, foe, or they (hall and may be at liberty to redeem the fame, without paying any thing by way of profit to the pawnbroker for the said (even days, or such part thereof as shall then have elapfed; and that in all cafes where the party or parties fo entitled, and applying as aforesaid, after the expiration of the said first seven days, and before the expiration of the first fourteen days of the second calendar month, he, (he, or they shall and may be at liberty to redeem such goods, upon paying the profit payable for one calendar month, and the half of another calendar month to the pawnbroker; but that in all cafes where the party or parties fo inti tied, and applying as aforesaid, after the expiration of the said first fourteen days, and before the expiration, of the said second calendar month, it (hall be lawful for the pawnbroker to demand and take the profit of the whole second month; and that the like regulation and reftricftion (hall take place and be in force in every subsequent calendar month wherein application (hall be made'for reedeming goods pawned.

V.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Pawns to be all and every person and persons who, from and after the com- £ooks ^ ^ mencement of this a£f, (hall take, by way of pawn, pledge, or ' exchange, of or from any person or persons whomfoever, any

goods or chattels, of what kind soever the fame (hall be, and whereon (hall be lent any sum of money exceeding five (hillings,

(hall forthwith, and before he, foe, or they (hall or may advance or lend any money upon such pawn or pledge, enter or cause to entered, in a fair and regular manner, in a book or books to be kept by him, her, or them for that purpose, a description of the goods or chattels which he, foe, or they (hall receive in pawn* pledge, or exchange, and also the sum of money to be advanced or lent thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name of the person or persons by whom, such goods or

p d d 4  chattels

7 52

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii TIL c. 87. [1795.

chattels are fo pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and the name of the (Ireet, and number of the houfe, if the fame shall be said to be numbered, where such person shall abide, and whether such perfonor persons is or are a lodger in, or the keeper of such houfe, by using the letter £. if a lodger, and the letters H. K. if a housekeeper •, and also the name and place of abode of the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, according to the information of the person pawning, pledging, or exchanging the fame, into all which circumstances the pawnbroker is hereby required to inquire of the party pawning before any money (hall be lent or advanced, or any exchange shall take place ; and in all cafes where the money lent on any such goods or chattels shall not exceed the sum of five (hillings, such entry shall be made in such book or books, by all and every such person and persons fo taking the fame by wav of pawn, pledge, or exchange as aforesaid, within four hours next after the said goods and chattels shall have to^ive^note ^een Pavvne(h pledged, or exchanged as aforefaid; and every defcribing° ^ such Per^°n fhall, at the time of the taking of every pawn, pledge, things pawn- or exchange whatfoever, give to the person or persons do pawned.  ing, pledging, or exchanging the fame, a note or memorandum,

fairly and legibly written or printed, or in part written and in part printed, containing therein, in like manner, a description of the goods and chattels which he, fhe, or they have received in pawn, pledge, or exchange, and also the sum of money advanced thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name and place of abode, and number of the houfe, if said to be numbered, of the person or persons by whom such goods or chattels are fo pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and whether such person is a lodger or housekeeper as aforesaid, by using the letter L. if a lodger, and the letters H. K. if a houfekeeper, and also the name, and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof according to the information aforesaid, and upon which said note or memorandum, or on the back whereof, shall be moreover fairly written, or printed the name and place of abode of the pawnbroker giving the fame ; which said note or memorandum the party and parties pawning* pledging, or exchanging the said goods or chattels fhall, and he, fhe, or they is and are hereby required to accept and take in all cafes, and the pawnbroker shall not receive and retain such pledge, unless the party pledging, or offering to pledge the fame, (hall accept and take such note or memorandum ; and every such note, where the sum lent shall be less than five (hillings, shall be delivered gratis\ and where the sum lent shall be five (hillings or upwards, and less than ten (hillings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one halfpenny for the fame ; and where the sum lent shall be ten (hillings or upwards, and less than twenty (hillings, such pawnbroker shall and may take one penny for the fame 5 and where the sum lent shall be twenty (hillings, or upwards, and less than five pounds, the sum of two-pence for the fame; and where the sum Jent (hall he five pounds or upwards, the sum of four-pence, and no more, and which note shall be produced to the pawnbroker before he or (lie shall be

obliged



^ 795-1 Anno regni tncefimo sexto Georgii I IT. c. 87.  753

obliged to re-deliver the respective goods or chattels, except as herein-after is excepted.

VI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The amount That in all cafes where any goods or chattels, pawned or ^Ppcates°a pledged, (hall be redeemed, the pawnbroker of whom the fame jnciorfed on shall be redeemed (hall, at the time of such redemption, fairly pledges re-and legibly write or indorfe, or cause to be written or indorfed, deemed, upon every duplicate respecting such pawn or pledge, the amount

of the profit taken by him, or on his account, on the money lent upon such goods or chattels fo redeemed, and (hall keep such duplicate in his custody for the space of one year then next following.

VII.  And be it further enaCTed by the authority aforesaid, Penalty That, from and after the commencement of this acl, if any fully0p^vnlng person or persons (hall knowingly and designedly pawn, pledge, goods the **' or exchange, or unlawfully dispose of the goods or chattels of property of any other person or perfons, not being employed or aulhorifed others.

by the owner or owners thereof fo to do, it shall be lawful tor any justice to grant his warrant to apprehend any person fo offending, and if he, ihe, or they shall be thereof convicted by the oath of any credible witness or witneffes, or by the confession of the person or persons charged with such offence, before any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, (which oath every such justice or justices as aforesaid is and are hereby empowered and required to adminifter), every such offender fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty (hillings, and also the full value of the goods or chattels fo pawned, pledged, exchanged, or disposed of, such value to be afeertained by such justice or juftices; and in cafe the said forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid, before whom such conviction shall be had,

(hall commit the party or parties fo conviCted to the house of correction, or some other publick prison of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offender or offenders shall reside or be convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for a space not exceeding three calendar months, unless the said forfeitures shall be sooner paid; and if, within three days before the expiration of the said term of commitment, the said forfeitures shall not be paid, the said justice or juftices, at his and their diferetion, may order the person or persons fo convicted to be publickiy whipped in the house of correction or prison to which the offender or offenders shall have been committed, or in some other publick place of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence ' shall have been committed, as to such justice or justices shall seem proper; and the said refpeCtive forfeitures, when recovered, shall be applied towards making fatisfaCtion thereout to the party or parties injured, and defraying the costs of the profecution, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the justice or justices before Whom fu:h conviction shall be had; but if the party or parties

injured

754- Anno regal tricesimo fextoGEORGii III. c. 87.' [1795.'

injured (hall decline to accept of such satisfaction and cofts, or if there fhali be any overplus of the said refpedfive forfeitures, after making such fatisfa&ion, and paying such costs as aforesaid, then such refpedfive forfeitures, or the overplus thereof, (as the cafe fhali happen) fhali be paid and applied to and for the use of the poor of the parish or place where such offence fhali have been committed, and fhali be paid to the overseers of the poor of such parish or place for that purpose.

Perrons forg. VIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, terfcitin°Un" ^at ^ anY Per^on or persons fhali counterfeit, forge, or alter* nates. 5 or Procure to he counterfeited, forged, or altered, any such note or memorandum as aforesaid, or fhali utter, vend, or fell, any such note as aforesaid, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, with an intent to defraud any person or persons whomfoever, every such person fhali be punished in manner herein-after mentioned ^ and it fhali be lawful for any person or perfons, his, her, or their servants or agents, to whom any note ihall be uttered or offered, which he, fbe, or they fhali have reason to lufpedt to have been counterfeited, forged, or altered, to seize and detain such person or persons uttering or offering the fame, and to deliver him, her, or them, as soon as conveniently may be, into the custody of a conftable, or other peace officer, who fhali, and is hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, to convey such person or persons before some justice or juffices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence fhali be fup-pofed to have been committed ; and if upon examination it fhali appear to the satisfaction of such justice or juffices, that the person or persons charged with having committed any such offence is or are guilty thereof, then and in every such cafe the said justice or juifices is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence fhali be committed, there to be imprisoned for any time not exceeding the space of three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, at the dif-cretion of such justice or juftices.

For punching IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^ivin^^ood ^"^at *n ca^e anY Per^on or persons who fhali offer, by way of account of° pawn, pledge, exchange, or fale, any goods or chattels, fhali not themfelveSjOn be able, or (ball refute to give a fatisfadfory account of himfelf, offering to herfelf, or themfelves, or of the means by which he, fhe, or pawn good&, they became possessed of such goods or chattels, or fhali wilfully give any false information to the pawnbroker, or to his or her servant or fervants, as to whether such j. oods or chattels are his, her, or their own property or not, or of his or her name and place of abode, or the name and place of abode of the owner or owners of the said goods or chattels, or if there fhali be any other reason to suspect that such goods or chattels are ftolen, or otherwise illegally or clandoftinely obtained, or if any person or perfons, not entitled, nor having any colour of title by law,

to

755

J795-] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III, c. 87.

to redeem goods or chattels in pledge or pawn, {hall attempt or endeavour to redeem the fame, it (hall be lawful for any perfon. or perfons, his, her, or their servants or agents, to whom such goods or chattels shall be fo offered, or with whom such goods or chattels are in pledge, to seize and detain such perfcm or perfons, and the said goods or chattels, and to deliver such person or persons immediately into the custody of a constable or other peace officer, who (hall and is hereby required, as soon as may be, to convey such person or perfons, and the said goods or chattels fo offered, before some justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be supposed to have been committed ; and if such justice or justices fhall, upon examination and enquiry, have cause to fufpecff that the said goods or chattels were ftolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, or that the person or persons offering and endeavouring to redeem the fame shall not have any pretence or colour of right to redeem the fame, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices to commit such person or persons into safe custody for such reasonable time as shall be necessary for the obtaining proper information on the fubjedf, in order to be further examined; and if upon either of the said examinations, it shall appear to the fatisfadfion of such justice or juftices, that the said goods or chattels were ftolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, or that the person or persons offering or endeavouring to redeem the fame hath or have not any pretence or colour of right fo to do, the said justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to law, where the nature of the offence shall authorise such commitment by any other law; and where the nature of the offence shall not authorise such commitment by any other law, then such commitment shall be for any time not exceeding three calendar months, at the discretion of such justice or juftices.

X.  And be it further enadfed by the authority aforesaid, That, if the owner or owners of any goods or chattels unlawfully p^ned the pawned, pledged, or exchanged, shall make‘out, either on his, pawnbroker her, or their oath, or by the oath of any credible witnefs, or to restore being one of the people called Quakers, by solemn affirmation, them, before any justice or justices of the peace, within his or their jurifdidiion, that such owner or owners hath or have had his, her, or their goods or chattels unlawfully obtained, or taken from him, her, or them, and that there is just cause to suspect that any person or perfons, within the jurisdiction of any such justice or juftices, hath or have taken to pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange, any goods or chattels of such owner or owners, and without the privity or authority of such owner or owners thereof, and shall make appear, to the satisfaction of any such justice or juftices, probable grounds for such the suspicion of the owner or owners thereof, then, and in any such cafe, any juftice

l-tosted by 

756 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87. [1795.

tice or justices of the peace, within his or their jurifdiftion, may ifTue his or their warrant for fear chi ng, within the hours of bufmefs, the houfe, warehoufe, or other place of any such person or persons who (hall be charged on oath or affirmation as afore^ (aid, as fufpedfed to have received or taken in pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange, any such goods or chattels, without the privity of, or authority from, the owner or owners thereof; and if the occupier or occupiers of any houfe, warehoufe, or other place wherein any such goods or chattels (hall, on oath or affirmation as aforesaid, be charged or suspected to be, fhall, after the commencement of this act, on request made to him,, her, or them, to open the fame, by any peace officer authorised to search there, by warrant from a justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, in which such houfe, warehoufe, or other place, shall be fituate, refuse to open the fame, and permit the fame to be fearched, it shall be lawful for any peace officer to break open any such houfe, warehoufe, or other place, within the hours of bufinefs, and to search as he shall think fit therein, for the goods or chattels fufpecffed to be there, dofng no wilful damage; and no pawnbroker, or other person or perfons, shall oppose or hinder any such search ; and if upon the search of the houfe, ware*-houfe, or other place, of any such fufpecfed person or persons as aforesaid, any of the goods or chattels which shall have been fo pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid, shall be found, *and the property of the owner or owners from whom the fame (hall have been unlawfully obtained or taken, shall be made out to the fatisfacftion of any such justice or juftices, by the oath, of one or more credible witness or witnefTes, or if any such witness or witnefTes shall be of the people called Quakers, by solemn affirmation, or by the confession of the person or persons charged with any such offence, any such justice orjuftices shall thereupon cause the goods and chattels found on any such fearch, and pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid, to be forthwith restored to the owner or owners thereof.

XI.  And whereas goods and chattels are often pawned or pledged for securing the payment of money lent thereon, and the profit thereof \ and afterwards the borrowers, or their reprefentatives, are desirous to repay the fame, and the profit due thereon, and make tender thereof to the person or persons ivith whom the fame are fo pawned, or pledged; yet they are frequently under great difficulties to get back the goods and chattels fio pawned, and are often under a necessity to • ■ commence fiuits at law for the recovery thereof \ to their great expence: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority afore-Punifhirg the faid, That, from and after the commencement of this a6f, if any pawnbroker goods or chattels shall be pawned or pledged for securing any deliver up*0*' ro°ney lent thereon, not exceeding in the whole the principal goods to the sum of ten pounds, and the profit thereof, and if within one year pawner. after the pawning or pledging thereof, (proof having been made on oath or affirmation as aforesaid, by one or more credible witness or witnefTes, and by producing the npte or memorandum

directed-

757

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c* 87.

directed to be given by this a61 as aforesaid, before any justice or juftices, to the fatisfacfion of any such justice or juftices, of the pawning or pledging of any such goods or chattels within the said space of one year, or one year and three months, as the cafe may be), any such pawner or pawners, who was or were the real owner or owners of such goods or chattels at the time of the pawning or pledging thereof, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, shall tender unto the person or persons who lent, on the security of the goods or chattels pawned, his executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, the principal money borrowed thereon, and profit according to the table of rates by this adfeftablifhed, and the person who took such goods or chattels in pawn, his or her executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, shall thereupon, without shewing reasonable cause for fo doing, to the satisfaction of such justice or juftices, neglect or refuse to deliver back the goods or chattels fo pawned for any sum or sums of money not exceeding the said principal sum of ten pounds, to the person or persons who borrowed the money thereon, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, then and in1 any such cafe, on oath or affirmation as aforesaid thereof made by the pawner or.pawners thereof, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, or some other credible perfon, any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place, where the person or persons who took such pawn as aforesaid, his executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, shall dwell, on the application of the borrower or borrowers, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, is and are hereby required to cause such person or persons who took such pawn, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, within the jurifdicHon of the justice or juftices, to come before such justice or juftices, and such justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to examine on oath or solemn affirmation, as the cafe may require, the parties themfelves, and such other credible person or persons as shall appear before him or them, touching the premifes; and if tender of the principal money due, and all profit thereof as aforesaid, shall be proved, by oath or affirmation as aforesaid, to have been made, (fuch principal money not exceeding the said sum of ten pounds), to the lender or lenders thereof, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, by the borrower or borrowers of such principal money, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, within the said space of one year, or one year and three months, as the cafe may be, after the said pawning or pledging of the goods or chattels, then on payment by the borrower or borrowers, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or af-figns, of such principal money, and the profit due thereon as aforesaid, to the lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or assigns ; and in cafe the lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, shall refuse to accept thereof, on tender thereof to him, her, or them, made by the borrower or borrowers thereof, his, her, or their executors,

7^5  Anno  regni  tricefirno  feXto GeorgIi III. c. 87. [1795X

tors, adminiftrators, or affigns, before any such justice or juftices* such justice or justices shall thereupon, by order under his of their hand or hands, direct the goods or chattels fo pawned forthwith to be delivered up to the pawner or pawners thereof} his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns; and if the person or persons who shall have lent any principal sum of sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the said sum of ten pounds, on any goods or chattels pawned, his. Her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, shall negledf or refuse to deliver up or make fatisfacftion for the goods of chattels which shall be fo proved, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices a$ aforesaid, to have been fo pawned, as any such justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid shall order and diretft, then any such justice or justices fhall, and is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the party or parties fo refusing to deliver up or make fatisfacftion for the fame, to the houle of corre&ion^ or some other publick prison for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place, wherein the offender or offenders shall reside or be convicled, there to remain, without bail or main prize, until he, fhe, or they shall deliver up the goods of chattels fo pawned and continuing redeemable as aforesaid, according to the order of such justice or justices as aforesaid, of make such satisfaction or compensation as such justice or jufticeS shall adjudge reafonable, for the value thereof, to the party or parties entitled to the redemption of such goods or chattels fo pawned, and continuing redeemable as aforefaid.

XII.  And, to prevent any inconvenience to persons carrying on the

track and buftnefs of a pawnbroker, from several different perfons

claiming a property in the fame goods or chattels, be it further en-

Perfons pro- acted by the authority aforefaid* That, from and after the com-

ducing notes rnencement of this a<ft, any person or persons who shall at any or memoran* .  .  r  ,  J  r  r,  r  r  •  j  ,

Uums deemed time Pr°duce any such note or memorandum as atoreiaid to the

the owners, person or persons with whom the goods therein specified were pawned or pledged, as the owner thereof, or as authorised by the owner thereof to redeem the fame, and require a delivery of the goods or chattels mentioned therein to him, her, or them, such person or persons shall be, and is and are hereby deemed and taken to be, fo far as refpe£Is the person or persons having such goods or chattels in pledge, the real owner and owners, proprietor and proprietors of such goods and chattels, and the person or persons fo ufmg the said trade and business of a pawnbroker shall be, and is and are hereby directed and required, after receiving satisfaction pursuant to the provisions of this act refpe(°ting principal and profit, to deliver such goods and chattels to the person or persons who shall fo produce the said note or memorandum to him, her, or them, and shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified for fo doing, unless he, fhe, or they shall have had previous notice, from the real owner or-owners thereof, not to deliver the fame to the person or persons producing such note, or unless notice fnall have been given to him, her, or them, that the goods and chattels pawned have been, or are

fufpedted

759

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87;

fufpefled to have been fraudulently or feloniously taken or obtained, and unless the real owner or owners thereof proceeds or proceed in manner herein-after provided and directed for the redeeming of goods and chattels pledged, where such note hath been loft, miflaid, deftroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the owner or owners thereof.

XIII.  And be it further ena<£led by the authority aforesaid,

That in cafe any pawnbroker shall have had such previous no- Where nates lice as aforesaid, or in cafe any such note or memorandum as mern°™n-aforefaid (hall be loft, miflaid, deftroyed, or fraudulently obtained pawnbroker ^ from the owner or owners thereof, and the goods and chattels to deliver a mentioned therein shall remain unredeemed, that then and in copy, every such cafe the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with whom the said goods and chattels were fo pledged or exchanged fhall, at the request and application of any person or persons who shall represent himfelf, herfelf, or themselves to the pawnbroker as the owner or owners of the goods and chattels in pledge, or exchanged as aforesaid, deliver to such person or persons fo re-quelling and applying for the fame a copy of the note or memorandum fo loft, miflaid, deftroyed, or fraudulently obtained as aforesaid, with the form of an affidavit of the particular cir-cumftances attending the cafe, printed or written, or in part printed and in part written, on the said copy, as the fame shall be flated to him or her by the party applying as aforesaid, for which copy of such note or memorandum, and form of affidavit, in cafe the money lent shall not exceed the sum of five fhillings, the pawnbroker shall receive the sum of one halfpenny, and in cafe the money lent shall exceed the sum of five fhillings, and not exceed the sum of ten fhillings, the pawnbroker shall receive the sum of one penny; and in cafe the money lent shall exceed the sum of ten fhillings, the pawnbroker shall receive the like sum of money as he is entitled to receive and take on giving the original note or memorandum, such money to be paid by the party applying for the fame at the time of making the said application 5 and the person or persons having fo obtained such copy of the note or memorandum, and form of affidavit as aforesaid, shall thereupon prove his, her, or their property in, or, right to, such goods and chattels, to the satisfaction of some justice of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, where the said goods or chattels shall have been pledged, pawned, or exchanged, and shall also verify on oath or affirmation, as the cafe may be, before some justice of the peace, the truth of the particular circumftanees attending the cafe mentioned in such affidavit or affirmation to be made as aforesaid, the caption of such oath or affirmation to be authenticated by the hand writing thereto of the justice before whom the fame shall be made, and who shall and is hereby required fo to authenticate the fame, whereupon the pawnbroker shall fufrer the person or persons proving such property to the fat is faction of such justice as aforesaid, and making such affidavit or affirmation as aforesaid, on leaving such copy of the said note or memorrndum, and the

faid

‘jSo

Pawned goods deemed forfeited at the end of a year.

On notice from persons having goods in pledge not to fell, three monchs further allowed beyond the year, for redemption.

Account of tales to be entered by the pawnbrokers in a book;

and overplus paid to the owner of the goods pawned or fold.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87. [1795*

laid affidavit or affirmation with the said pawnbroker, to redeem such goods or chattels.

XIV.  And be it farther enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all goods and chattels which shall be pawned or pledged (hall be deemed forfeited, and may be fold at the expiration of one whole year, exclusive of the day whereon the goods and chattels were fo pawned as aforefaid; and that all goods and chattels fo forfeited, on which any fam above ten {hillings, and not exceeding ten pounds, shall have been lent, shall be fold by publick ati&ion, but not otherwife, by the order of the person having the fame in pawn, at and after the expiration of the said year; but the person employed to fell such goods and chattels by auction fhall, and he is hereby required to cause the fame to be exposed to publick view, and catalogues thereof to be publifhed, and an advertisement given notice of such fale, and containing the name or names of the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with whom the said goods or chattels were in pledge, to be inserted on two several days in some publick newfpaper, two days at lead before the first day of fale, upon pain of forfeiting to the owner or owners of the said goods or chattels, for every offence in the premiles, the sum of ten pounds.

XV.  Provided always, and be It further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in cafe any person or persons entitled to redeem goods or chattels in pledge fhall, before or upon the expiration of the said one year from the time of pawning the fame, give notice in writing, or in the presence of one witnefs, to. the person or persons having the fame in pledge, or leave the fame at his, her, or their usual place of abode, not to fell the fame at the end of the said one year, then and in every such cafe such goods or chattels shall not be fold or disposed of by the person or persons having the fame in pledge until after the expiration of three calendar months, to be computed from the expiration of the said year; during which, said term of three months the owner or owners of the said goods and chattels mail have liberty to redeem the fame upon the terms ffipulated and provided by this acft.

XVI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every person or persons to whom any goods or chattels shall have been pawned or pledged fhall, from time to time, enter in a book or books, to be kept by him, her or them, for that purpose, a true and just account of the sale of all goods and chattels pawned to him, her, or them, for upwards of ten {hillings, which shall be fold as aforesaid, ex pie (fin g the day when, and the money for which such goods or chattels pawned were fold, together with the name and place of abode of the auctioneer by w’oin the fame were fold, according to the information thereof from the auctioneer ; and in cafe any such goods or chattels shall be fold for more than the principal money and profit aforesaid due thereon at the time of such fale, the overplus fhall, by every such pawnbroker, be paid, on demand, to the person by whom, or on whose account such goods or chattels were pawned, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or

4  affigns.

1795-1 Anno regnl tricesimo (exto Georgii III. c. 87.  761

afligns, in cafe such demand (hall be made within three years after such fale, the neceftary costs and charges of such sale being first deduced; and such person or persons who pawned or pledged such goods or chattels, or for whom such goods or chattek were fo pawned or pledged, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or assigns (hall, for his, her, or their satisfaction in this matter, be permitted to inspect the entry to be made as aforesaid of every such fale, paying for such inspection the sum of one penny, and no more; and in cafe any person or persons (hall refuse to permit any such person or persons who pawned or pledged such goods or chattels, or who is entitled to such overplus money, to inspect such entry as aforesaid, in any such book or books, such person or perfons, if an executor or executors, administrator or admi-ftrators, or assignee or aflignees, at such time producing his, her, or their letters teftamentary, letters of ad mi nitration or alignment; or in cafe the goods or chattels were fold for more than the sum entered in any such book or books, or if any such person or persons shall not make such entry as aforesaid, or (hall not have bona fide, according to the directions of this aft, fold the fame, or shall refuse to pay such overplus upon demand to the paWner or pawners, owner or owners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or a Hi g ns, he, fhe, or they producing such their letters teftamentary, letters of administration or alignment, every such person or persons fo offending fhall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, and treble the sum such goods and chattels shall originally have been pawned for, to the person Or persons by whom or on whose account such goods or chattels were pawned, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two justices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, where the offence shall be committed,

XVII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the commencement of this aft, no person Pawnbroker or persons having any goods or chattels in pledge fhall, under any not to pur-pretence whatfoever, either byhimfelfor herfelf, or by any other ^hilft^they* person for him or her, purchase any such goods or chattels fo are in his being in pledge with him or her, during the time the fame shall cuftody. remain in his or her custody as such pledge, save and except at such publick auction as aforesaid, nor f^all suffer the fame to be redeemed with a view or intention to purchase the fame j nor shall any such perfon, taking or having any goods or chattels in pledge, make or cause to be made any contract or agreement with any person or persons offering to pledge, or pledging the fame, or with the owner or owners of the pledge, for the purchafe, fale, or disposition of the said goods and chattels before the expiration of one whole year from the time of pawning or pledging the fame; nor shall any pawnbroker purchafe, or receive, or take, any goods or chattels in pledge, of or from any person or persons who shall appear to be under the age of twelve years, or to be intoxicated with liquor \ or purchafe, or take in pawn, pledge,

Vol. XL.  E  e £  or

762,  Anno  regni  tricesimo iexto Georgii III. c. 87. [1795.

or exchange, the note or memorandum aforesaid of any other pawnbroker ; nor buy any goods cr chattels in the course of his, her, or their trade or bufinefs, before the hour of eight of the clock in the forenoon, or after the hour of (even of the clock Time for in the evening, throughout the year; nor receive or take in goods

t^wns limited °r c^atte^s byway of pawn, pledge, or in exchange, before eight pawns imne.. ^t^e c]oc]c jn the forenoon, or after nine of the clock in the

evening, between Michaelmas Day an 1 Lady Day following, or before seven of the clock in the forenoon, or after ten of the clock in the evening, during the remainder of the year, excepting only on the evenings of Saturday throughout the whole year, and excepting on the evenings preceding Good Friday and Cbrijlmas Day% nor (hall any person or persons exercise or carry on the trade or business of a pawnbroker on any Sunday, Good Friday, or Chrijl-mas Day.

XVIl'I. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Pawnbrokers That upon and from and after the commencement of this a£r, table ant^ every Perfon and perfons, who shall follow and carry on cfprofits,'&c.tbe trade and business of a pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or printed, in large legible characters, the rate of profit allowed by this acl to be taken by him, her, or them, and also the various prices of the notes or memorandums to be given by him, her, or them, according to the rates aforesaid, and an account of what notes or memorandums are to be delivered gratis, and of the expence of-obtaining a second note or memorandum, where the former one has been loft, miflaid, deftroyed, or fraudulently obtained, and place the fame in a conspicuous part or parts of the shop or other place wherein he, fhe, or they {hall carry on such trade or bufinefs,. fo as to be visible to, and legible by, the persons pledging goods and chattels {landing in the several boxes or places provided for such persons coming to pawn or redeem goods and chattels at such (hop.

XIX, And, for the better man]fe. fling by whom the trade and business of a pawnbroker shall hereafter be carried on, be it further Pawnbrokers’ enabled by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the bufinefsfto be commencement this ael, all and every person or persons who placed over  shall follow or carry on the trade and business of a pawnbroker,

the door.  {hall cause to be painted or written, in large legible characters,

over the door of each shop or other place by him, her, or them refpedtivelv made use of for carrying on that trade and bufinefs* the christian and furnace or names of the person or persons fo carrying on the said trade or bufinefs, and the word u pawnbroker,” or cc pawnbrokers,” as the cafe may be, following the fame, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of ten pounds, for every shop or place which {hall be fo made use of for the space of .one week without having such name or names, and the said word* fo painted or written as aforesaid, to be recovered by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of any two justices of the peace acting within the respective county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, (which warrant such justices are hereby authorised and ,  required

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii IK, c 87.  7^3

required to grant), upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon the information of any credible wicnefs or witneftes upon oath or affirmation, as the cafe may be; and the said penalty, when the charges of recovering the fame (hall be dedufted, shall be paid, one half to the informer, and the other half to the use of the poor of the parish or place in which the offence (hall be committed ; and in cafe sufficient distress (hall not be found, or such penalty (hall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such juftices, and they are hereby required, by warrant under their hands and feals, to cause the offender or offenders to be committed to the county gaol, or house of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than fourteen days, unless the said penalty, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner paid and fatisfied.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforcfaid,

That if, in the course of any proceedings before anyjuftice or Penalty on justices of the peace, in pursuance of or under this aft, it shall pawnbrokers appear, or be proved to the satisfaction of the justice or juftices, {^for? Hiriited upon oath or solemn affirmation, that any of the goods or chat- tin;e, or in-tels pawned as aforesaid have been fold before the time allowed juringthem. by this aft, or otherwise than according to the direftionS of this aft, or have been embezzled or loft, or are become, or have been rendered of less value than the fame were at the time of pawning or pledging thereof, by or through the default, negleft, or wilful mifbehaivour of the person or persons to whom the fame! were fo pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, admini. ftrators, or aftigns, agents or fervants, then and in any such cafe it shall be lawful for every such justice and juftices, and he and they is any are hereby required to allow and award a reasonable satisfaction to the owner or owners of such goods or chattels iri respect thereof, or of such damage ; and the sum or lums of money fo allowed or awarded, in cafe the fame {hail not amount to the principal and profit aforesaid, which shall appear to be due to any pfcrfon or persons to whom the fame were fo pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, shall be deducted out of the said principal and profit; and in ail cafes where the goods and chattels pawned as aforesaid shall have been damaged as aforesaid, it (hall be sufficient for the pawner or pawners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, to pay or tender the money due upon the balance, after deducting out of the principal and profit a$ aforesaid for the goods or chattels pawned, such reasonable fatisfaftion, in respect to such damage, as any such justice or justices shall order or award, and upon fo doing the justice or justices shall proceed as if the pawner or pawners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, had paid or tendered the whole money due for the principal and profit aforefaid; and if the satisfaction to be allowed and awarded to the owner or owners of such goods or chattels ,

(hall be equal to, or exceed the principal and profit aforesaid, then and in such cafe the person or persons to whom the fame were

£ E E 2  fo

Pawnbrokers to produce their books when necef* i’ary.

Penalty on pawnbrokers offending against this a £t.

Anno reg'ni trlcefimo sexto Georgii III. c* 87. [1795.

fo pledged or pawned, his her, or their executors, adminiftra-tors, or affigns, shall deliver the goods or chattels fo pledged to the owner or owners thereof, without being paid any thing for principal or profit in respect thereof, and (hall also pay such excels, if any, to the person or persons entitled thereto, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner herein-after mentioned.

XXL And be it further enaeffed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall be lawful for any justice of the peace, upon com* plaint made to him on the oath or affirmation of one or more credible witness or witnefles, where any information (hall be laid 2gainft any pawnbroker for having offended against this a61, or respecting any dispute between any pawnbroker and person having pawned goods, or the owner or owners of goods pawned, or iefpe£ling any felony or other matter, or on any other occasion whatfoever, which, in the judgement of any justice or juftices, shall make the produ6tion of any book, note, voucher, memorandum, duplicate, or other paper, neceffary, which shall or ought to be in the hands, cuftody, or power of any pawnbroker, to summon such pawnbroker before him, to attend, with all and every or any book, note, voucher, memorandum, duplicate, or paper, which he or (he may or ought to have in his or her cuf-tody or power relating to the fame, which he or she is hereby required to produce before such justice or justices in the state the fame was or were made at the time the pawn or pledge was received, without any alteration, erafement, or obliteration whatfoever; and in cafe such pawnbroker shall neglect or refuse to attend, or to produce the fame in its true and perfect ftate, such pawnbroker fliall, in cafe he or she doth not (hew good cause for such negle6t or refufal, to the satis faction of such justice or juftices, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, for the ufe, and to be levied in the manner herein-after mentioned.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* That in cafe any pawnbroker fhall, from and after thecommence-nientof this a6t, in any wife offend against this a61, every such pawnbroker fhall, for every such offence in neglecting to make or cause to be made in a fair and regular manner in such book or books as aforesaid, any such entry as is required to be made by him, her, or them, by this a61, forfeit the lum of ten pounds; and for every other offence against this a6t, where no forfeiture or penalty is provided or imposed on any particular or specific offence against any part of this a6I, the sum of five pounds; and that all forfeitures incurred by any offence committed against this a6t shall and may be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place where the offence shall be committed, and it shall be lawful for the justice or justices to award to the party complaining, out of the said penalty, the sum of two pounds and ten (hillings, and the remainder of the aforesaid penalty or penalties, not otherwife

difpofed

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 7.  765

difpofed of and applied by this a<£t, to be paid and applied to and for the use of the poor of the parish or place where the offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the overseers of the poor of such parish or place for that purpose.

XXIII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Limiting the person or persons shall be fubjeeft or liable to any prosecution or information before any juffice or jufiices of the peace, by virtue information, of this a<3, for any ofFence or offences against this act, unless information shall be given of such offence or offences within twelve

calendar months next after the offence committed.

XXIV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of any parifh

or place where any offence shall be supposed to have been com- proftcute',&c* mitted by any pawnbroker against this aeft, or some or one of such officers, at the diferetion or direction of any justice of the peace, on having notice from such justice of the peace of such offence being supposed to have been committed, fhall, and they, or some or one of them, to be nominated by such juffice as aforesaid, are and is hereby required to prosecute every offender for every offence fo to be suggested by such juffice to have been committed against this a£t, at the expence of the respective pariQi whereof they or he are, is, or shall be, for the time being, such officers or officer.

XXV.  Provided always. That nothing in this adt contained Ad not to shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any person or persons extend to whomfoever, who shall lend money to any person or persons ^ mone>”at whomsoever upon pawn or pledge at the rate of five pounds per per cent. centum per annum intereft, without taking any further or greater without fur-profit for the loan or forbearance of such money lent, on any pre- ttier Pro^t# tence whatsoever.

XXVI.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That all and every the provifoes, regulations, and clauses con- The ad to

tained in this present act fhall, from and after the end of this pre- exten^ to 1  '  i executors*

fent session of parliament, extend to and include the executors, Qf pawn-

adminiftrators, and affigns, of all.and every deceased pawnbroker, brokers, in the fame manner as the fame extend to and include the pawnbroker when living, save and except that no such executor or administrator of any such deceased pawnbroker shall be anfwer-able for any penalty or forfeiture perfonally, or to be paid out of his, her, or their own monies or eftate, unless the fame shall be incurred and forfeited by his, her, or their own a<ft or negledt.

XXVII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That if any person or persons shall at any time or times, be fued, General iffue; molefted, or prosecuted for any thing by him, her, or them, done or executed in pursuance of this a£t, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons may plead the general iffue, and give the special matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence ; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfiuted, then such defendant or defendants shall have double

E E E 3  cofts

y.65 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c, 87. [179$.

coft-s awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or ' plaintiffs.

XXVIII.  Provided alwa\s, and be it enabled by the autho-

Inh^bitants °f r;ty aforesaid, That in all actions, fuits, informations, trials, and ' tvlfere ottcn- ot’ner proceedings, in pursuance of this ad, or in relation to any cescommitted matter or thing herein contained, any inhabitant of the parifh, deemed corn- town, or place, in which any offence or offences shall be com-files' Wlt~ mitted, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, {hall ^ '  be admitted to give evidence, and {hall be deemed competent

witnefles, notwithffanding his, her, or their being an inhabitant or inhabitants of the parifh, town, or place, wherein any such offence or offences shall be supposed to have been committed.

XXIX.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the justice or juffices before whom any person shall be confided, in manner prescribed by this a cl, shall cause such refpec-tive conviction to be drawn up in the form or to the effebl following; (that is to fay),

'Form of con-  •  5  HE  it remembered, That on this  day  of

viftion.  towltff  XJ  .  in  the _  year of his

Majeffy’s reign, A, B. is convicted before of his Majesty’s juffices of the peace for the said county of [dr, for the  riding  or division of

the said county of  or,  for the city, liberty, or

town of  as  the  caje  shall  happen  to  he\  for

and the said  do  adjudge  him

[ar, her] to pay and forfeit for the fame, the sum of Given under  the

day and year aforesaid,5

And the said justice or juffices, before whom such conviction {hall be had, {hall cause the fame, fo drawn up in the form or to the effebt aforesaid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and transmitted to the next general or quarter session of the peace to be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, wherein such conviction was had, to be fled and kept amongst the records of the said general or quarter session ; and in cafe any person or persons fo convibled shall appeal from the judgement of the said juffice or juffices to the said general or quarter fefflon, the juffices in such general or quarter session are hereby required, upon receiving the said convibb'on, drawn up in the form or to the effebt aforesaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal at such next fefiions, and not afterwards, according to the direbtions of this abt, any law, cuffom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithffanding; and no Certiorari (hall be granted to remove any convibtion or other proceedings had thereon, in pursuance of this adl.

XXX.  Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person convibled of any offence or offences punishable by this abl, shall think him or herself aggrieved by the judgement of the justice or juffices before whom

he

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii HI. c. 88.  767

he or (lie (hall have been convidted, such person (hall have liberty to appeal to the justices at the general or quarter session of toe peace which (hall be held for the county, riding, diviiion, city, liberty, town, or place, where inch judgement (hall have been given, and that the execution of the laid judgement (hall in such cafe be fufpended, the person fo convicted entering into a recognizance, at the time of such conviction, with two fuflicient fure-ties, in double the sum which such person (half have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon condition to prosecute such appeal with eftedt, and to be forthcoming to abide the judgement and determination of the justices in their said next general or quarter feflion, and to pay such cods as the said justices in such session (hail award on such occafion, which recognizance the said justice or justices before whom such conviction (hall be had is and are hereby empowered and required to take ; and the justices in the said general or quarter session are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award fuch. cods as to them (hall appear jud and reasonable to be paid by either party ; and if, upon the hearing of the said appeal, the judgement of the justice or justices before whom the appellant shall have been convicted (hall be affirmed, such appellant (hall immediately pay the sum which he or she (hall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such costs as the justices in the said general or quarter session shall award to be paid for defraying the expences sustained by the defendant or defendants in such appeal, or in default of making such payment shall suffer the respective pains and penalties by this adt infiidted upon persons respectively who shall neglect to pay, or shall not pay the respective sums or forfeitures by this adt to be paid by or imposed upon persons respectively who shall be convicted by virtue of this adt.

XXXI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That this adt shall be in force for three whole years, and from Continuance thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no of this adt. longer.

XXXII.  And be it further enadted, That this adt final! be Publick add deemed a publick adt; and be judicially .taken notice of as such,

by all judges, juftices, and other persons whomfoever? without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXXXVIIL

An aft to regulate the buying and felling of hay aridftraw; and for repealingfo much of two afts, made in the second year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the thirty-ftrft year of the reign of King George the Second, as relate to the buying and felling of hay and Jlraw> within the limits therein mentioned.—

[May 14, 1796.]

WHEREAS  many and great abuses are committed by falef- PreamW«.

meny and'other persons felling hay and ft raw in the city of London and within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and other places within the vicinity thereof; and whereas the laws now in

E £ E 4  being

So much o? a Will and Mary, ftff. 2. c. 8,

and of 31 Geo.

a. c. 4.0, as relates to hay and ftraw.

gw I

k}'.; 't

w§a

mi:

Jp

m

MM-;-,

;• /

WfrZr'i',

mf.

Anno regni triceflmo sexto Georgii III. c. 88. [1795.

being are not fujjficient to prevent the fame; for remedy whereof, be it enabled by tfie King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of an a <51, made .in the second year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled. An aft fer paving and cleanfng theJheets in the cities of London and Weftminfter, and suburbs and liberties thereof and out parishes in the county of Middiefex, and in the borough ^Southwark, and other places within the weekly - bills of mortality, in the county of Surrey, and for regulating the markets therein mentioned; and also fo much of an add, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled. An aft to afeertain the weight of truffes of Jlraw, and to punish deceit in the sale of hay and repealed from Jlraw in trijfes, in London, and within the weekly bills of mortality, June*4? I7St5* and zvithin the difance of thirty miles thereof\ and to prevent common falefmen of hay and fraw from buying the fame on their own account, to jell again • and also to refrain falefmen, brokers, or factors in cattle, from buying on their own account, to fell again, any live cattle in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, or which are driving ■'  up  thereto,-as relates to hay and draw, fhall, from and after the

twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

II.  And be it further enadled, That no hay or straw whatever shall be fold in any market or place within the cities of London or Wefminfer, or the weekly bills of mortaliry, or within thirty miles thereof, other than what is made up in bundles or trufles; and if any person (hall fell any hay or ftraw, other than what is made up in bundles or truffes, within the cities or limits aforesaid, every person fo offending, and being convicted thereof, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of twenty (hillings.

III.  And be it further enadted, That each and every bundle or truss of hay fold in any market or place within the cities or limits aforesaid, between the last day oAuguf in any year and the first day of June in the succeeding year, shall contain and be of the full weight of fifty-fix pounds at least ; and that every bundle or truss of hay fold within the cities or limits aforesaid, between the first day of June and the last day of Auguf in any year, being new hay, of the fummer’s growth of that year, shall be and contain the full weight of sixty pounds, and being old hay of any former year’s growth, the weight of fifty-fix pounds, as aforesaid ; and that each and every bundle or truss of straw fold within the cities or limits aforesaid, shall contain and be of the full weight of thirty-fix pounds ; and that every load of hay or straw shall contain thirty-fix bundles or truffes ; and if any hay shall be fold within the cities or limits aforesaid, whereof any bundle or truss shall be of less weight than aforesaid, every person fo felling shall forfeit for ‘every such truss or bundle of hay, not being the full weight aforesaid, any sum not exceeding the sum of five fhillings, Hor ’tefs than two fliillings and fixpence, and for every

5  such

No hay or straw to be fold within certain li-'.'suits, except yin truffes. on penalty of 20s.

Weight of

Penalty for felling truffes short of weight.

 Googl

I79S-] Annoregni tricesimo lexto Georgii III.

r 00

C. oo,

7^9

fuch truss or bundle of draw the sum of one (hilling : provided hut not to ex-

always, That no person shall be convicted in the penalty aforesaid,

for felling any bundle or truss of hay or straw deficient in weight as a quantity

aforefaid, where a load or any other or less quantity is fold at the jold to the

fame time to the fame perfon, if the number of bundles or truffes fame perfon,

fo fold (hall amount upon the whole to the average weight re- ^ the

, r .. . ,  1  o  amount to the

quired as arorelaid.  average

IV.  And be it further ena£ted, That every person who shall weight, fell, within the cities or limits aforesaid, between the first day of Penalty for June and the last day of December in any year, any hay of the telling new growth of that year as or for hay of the growth of any former year, ^or ^ay* shall forfeit and pay for each and every bundle or truss of hay fo

fold, the sum of two (hillings and lixpence.

V.  And be it further enatSled, That each and every load, Hay or ftraw

bundle, or truss of hay or ftraw, which (hall be fold in the cities to  °1' onc

or limits aforesaid, shall be made up with such hay or straw only a ^ *

as the fame appears to be by the outside of every such load, bundle,

or truss ; and that such hay or straw only, and not any inferior

hay or ftraw, (hall be deemed and taken to be the hay or ftraw

which is to make up the weight of every bundle or trufs; and Penalty for

every person who shall fell within the cities or limits aforesaid,  lt

any load, bundle, or truss of hay or ftraw, which (hall in the

inlide thereof be of inferior goodness from what the outside fhall

appear to be, (hall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding live

{hillings, nor less than two (hillings and fixpence, for every such

bundle or truss of hay, and the sum of one (hilling for every such ^

bundle or truss of ftraw.

VI.  And be it further enaefted, That the pair of bands with Penalty For which any bundle or truss of hay (hall be bound (hall not exceed bands the weight of five pounds, upon pain that every person who (hall exceeding 5I. fell any bundle or truss of hay with bands of a greater weight, weight, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one (billing,

and also the further/um of one (hilling for each and every pound weight that every such pair of bands shall weigh over and above the weight of five pounds.

VII.  And be it further ena&ed, That if any person employed Penalty on

to bind hay or ftraw, (hall not bind up and make the fame into perf°ns bind-bundles or truffes of such weight as is directed by this acft, every  °r

perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay the sum of sixpence for light truffes. every bundle or truss of hay or straw not being of such weight.

Vill. And be it further enatfted, That no common falefman, Penalty on factor, or agent, within the cities or limits aforesaid, (hall buy falefmen buy-and fell, on his own account, or of any person or persons in trust ^ thei/ for him, any hay or straw whatfoever, or any grass of any kind own account, or defeription, growing or making into hay, on pain of forfeiting hay or ftraw, for each and every fifty-fix pounds weight of hay fo bought and or Srafs f°r fold five (hillings, and for each and every thirty-fix pounds weight of straw fo bought and fold two (hillings; and also for each and every acre of such grass growing or making into hay, fo bought and fold, a sum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor le(s than fifty (hillings,

IX.  And



77°

S:\lefmen within 7 days to fend to the owner an account of the pbce. time, and price of hay or draw fold, and of the purchaier on penalty.

A register to be kept in markets for entering tales of hay and draw, which shall be open for inTpedtion,

Penalty for not making due, or making untrue entry, or for refuting inspection of regifter.

Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii IIL c. 88.' [1795.

IX.  And be it further enacted, That every common falefman, factor, or agent, for the ia!e of hay or draw, within the cities or limits aforesaid, (hall, within fever, days next after the Tile of every load or other quantity of hay or draw, fend to the person or persons on whose account the fame (hall have been fold, a jud and true account under his hand, of the place where, time when, and the price for which the fame was fold, and also the name and

, place ot abode of the purchasers thereof, on pain of forfeiting for every neglect or omiifion a sum of money not exceeding twenty (hillings, nor less than ten (hillings.

X.  And be it further enabled, That in every market for the sale of hay or draw within the cities or limits aforesaid, there (hall be kept a publick book or regider for entering and regidering; therein an account of all hay and draw which (hall be, from time to time, fold in any such market; and that in. and for the city of London, luch book or regider (hall be kept by the cleik or toll gatherer for the time being, appointed by the lord mayor, commonalty, and citizens in the said city ; and that in and for every other such market within the city of IVeJiminJhr and limits afore-

- laid, such book or regider (hall be kept by the clerk or toll gatherer appointed within their several jurifdidlions, and that before fix of the clock in the evening on the day of the sale of- any Jiay or draw, exceeding four trusses in one quantity, within the cities or limits aforesaid in any market, and within (even days after any such sale in the said cities and limits out of any market, there (hall be made by the feller thereof, a true and faithful entry in the book or regider of the market in which such hay or draw (hall be fold, or where the fame (hall be fold out of any market, in the book or regider of the market neared to the place of fale, didinguifhing the true names and places of abode of the persons fo felling, and for whom fold, and by whom and on whose account the fame (hall have been bought, and the place where fold, and the true price paid or agreed to be paid for the fame, which entry (hall be fubferibed by each feller of hay or draw, for which entry (hall be paid to the keeper of the book or regider the sum of one penny; and that every such book or regider (hall be kept at some convenient place in every such market for the sale of hay and draw within the cities and limits aforesaid, and (hall at all times between the hours of nine of the clock in the morning and fix of the clock in the evening of each and every day (Sunday excepted) be open for the infpedhon of every person applying to inspect the fame, paying for every such infpe<dion the sum of one penny; and in cafe any feller of hay or draw (hall omit to make the proper entry required by this a<d, or the keeper of any book or regider for the purposes aforesaid, (hall knowingly suffer any untrue entry to be made or signed therein,' or (hall refuse to permit such book or regider to he inspected by any person applying, and tendering payment of the fee for such infpedlion, every such feller of hay or draw, or keeper of such book or regider, fo offending, (hall on convidfion for every such offence, forfeit

and

parishes refpedlively, proper I'cales and the  ,

r  ■  ii  i  j  n  ,  •  ,  watch houie.

r the weigmng ah hay and itraw whicn

1795.] Anno regni- tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c.88. 771 -

and pay a fgm of money not exceeding five pounds, nor less than ten (hillings.

XL Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That nothingin A el not to this act contained Ihali oblige any p.erfon to register any hay or straw which he (hall deliver in the cities or limits aforesaid, on iiveredon fpe-fpecial contract or agreement, but suchhay and draw only which cial contract, (ball be fenr to any market or place within the laid cities and limits to be there fold, and which (hall be accordingly there fold, fin all be registered as before is directed ; airy thing in this act before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwirhdanding.

XII.  Provided always, and be it enacted. That no clerk Penalty on

or toll gatherer, or his deputy, within the cities and limits ^atherer^uv-aforefaid, (hall buy or fell, or be concerned in the buying or felling fUg or felling of hay or straw within the cities or limits aforesaid, under the hay or itraw. penalty of two (hillings and sixpence for every bundle or truss of * hay fo bought or fold by him, or in the buying or felling of which he (hall be fo concerned, and of one (hilling for every such bundle or truss of ftraw.

XIII.  And be it further enacted, That there fhali be provided Scales and by every clerk or toll gatherer within the cities or limits afore-

(aid, and kept at the office of the clerk of every bay market within  ttv-

the said cities or limits, as also at the watch house of each and market’s of-every parish within the limits thereof, by the churchwardens fee, and at and overseers of such

weights, or engines for the weighing aii nay (hall be required to be weighed; and such clerk or toll gatherer Hay weigh-of the. hay market, or his deputy, and the conftabie or head- ers-borough of the pari(h or place where such feales, weights, and engines (hall be kept, are hereby appointed hay weighers within their respective parifnes and places; and ft any doubt (hall at any Buyer of hay time arife, whether any hay or straw fold in the cities or limits or ftraAV aforesaid, is not of the weight the fame ought to be, then it (hall be lawful for the buyer thereof, his servant or agent, on the deli- delivery, very of any such hay or straw at the abode, yard, or loft of the buyer, or other place where the fame (hall be agreed by the feller to be delivered, to cause the fame to be weighed in the presence of the feller, or his servant or agent ; and if, on the fame Directions For being fo weighed, the buyer or feller of any such hay or ftraw, cnifoffihiFa- ■ his servant or agent, (hall be diftatisfied with any such weigh- tisfa&ion. ing, it (hall be lawful for any such buyer, his servant or agent, if the hay be delivered within a parifn where there is any hay market, with all convenient fpeed, to apply to the cleik or toll gatherer, or his deputy, of such market, and if the hay be delivered in any other parish within the cities or limits aforesaid, to apply to the hay weigher nearest to the place where any such hay or straw (hall be delivered to weigh the fame, and on any such application being made, such clerk or toll gatherer, or his deputy, or other hay weigher who (hall be applied to, (hall with all convenient speed come to the place where such hay or straw (hall be within the limits aforesaid, and (hall there weigh such hay or straw as (hall be complained of, and the weight thereof, which

(hall



712

Penalty for not providing lealcs and weights, or for neglecting to weigh hay or ftraw.

Ko penalty to be incurred for felling hay or ft raw, not weight, or of bad quality, unless weighed at or before delivery, &c.

Hours at which markets shall end, of which notice shall be given by ringing a bell, on penalty.

Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 88. [1795.

fhall be afeertained by any such clerk or toll gatherer, or his deputy, or other hay weigher, fnall be concluhve to all parties j but in cafe the clerk or toll gatherer of any market, or his deputy, shall not, upon such application as aforesaid, come with all convenient speed to the place where such hay or straw shall be delivered, it (hall be lawful for the buyer, his servant or agent, to apply for the purposes aforesaid to such other hay weigher as shall be nearest to the place where any such hay or draw shall be delivered ; and the person who shall require any such clerk, toll gatherer, or his deputy, or other hay weigher, to attend and weigh any such hay or ft raw, shall pay or tender to such hay weigher the sum of three shillings for a load, or in proportion for a greater or less quantity, before he shall be obliged to go to weigh any such hay or ftraw; and if the hay or straw which shall be fo weighed shall not be of the due weight the fame ought to be, then the sum fo paid shall be forthwith repaid to him by the feller of such hay or ftraw; and if any clerk or toll gatherer, churchwarden or overfeer, within the limits aforesaid, shall omit to provide and keep proper feales and weights, or engines, for the weighing of hay or ftraw, or if any clerk, toll gatherer, or his deputy, or other hay weigher, shall neglect or refuse to weigh any hay or straw when required, at any seasonable time in the day time, and fo as the sum aforesaid shall have been paid or tendered, every such person offending therein, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than ten fhillings.

XIV.  Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no person shall incur any penalty for felling any hay or straw of less weight or worse quality than the fame ought to be, unless such hay or straw shall be weighed either at or before the delivery, with the priw’ty of the buyer, his servant or agent, or complained of in respect of the quality thereof at the time and place at which the fame shall be agreed to be delivered by the feller, in the presence of such feller, his servant or agent, unless such feller, his servant or agent, on request made, or on notice given to him or them to attend to fee such hay or straw fo weighed, shall refuse or neglect to attend to fee the fame fo weighed; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywile notwithftanding.

XV.  And be it further enadted, That the markets for sale of hay and ftraw, within the cities and limits aforesaid, shall end at three of the clock in the afternoon of every market day between Lady Day and Michaelmas, and at two of the clock in the afternoon of every market day between Michaelmas and Lady Day> and that notices thereof shall be given by the clerk or toll gatherer, or his deputy, in the several markets or places for the sale of hay and straw within the cities and limits aforesaid, by ringing on the usual market days a large hand bell round each respective market or place for the sale of hay or ftraw, one hour before the expiration of the times above mentioned, and again at the expiration of the hours above-mentioned, on pain of forfeiting for every such offence a sum of money pot exceeding tep fhillings, nor less thap

five

1795*1 Anno regnl tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 83,

773

five {hillings; and every person who (hall fell any hay or ftrawPenalty for in any market within the cities or limits aforesaid, after the hours kH'ng a^ter aforesaid, {hall forfeit for every bundle or truss of hay fo fold the manceL our9* sum of lixpence, and for every bundle or truss of straw fo fold the sum of three-pence.

XVI.  And be it further enabled. That if any person having Penalty for the care or direction of any waggon, wain, or cart, used for the rernain purpose of bringing hay or ftraw, (halt suffer the fame to remain jn hay mar-in any market or place for the sale of hay and straw within the kets after cer-cities and limits aforesaid, on the usual market days from Lady tam hours. Day to Michaelmas, after five of the clock in the afternoon, and

from Michaelmas to Lady Day after three of the clock in the afternoon, in any year, every person fo offending shall forfeit for every such waggon, wain, or cart, fo left as aforesaid, a sum of money not exceeding twenty (hillings, nor less than five (hillings. '

XVII.  And be it further enadted, That if any person having Penalty for the care or direction of any waggon, wain, or cart, in any mar- horfe^dr^fw ket or place for the sale of hay or straw within the cities or limits hay or aforesaid, {hall permit or suffer the horse or horses drawing the straw to refame to feed and remain in any such market or place for the space main in a of fifteen minutes, during the hours allowed for sale of hay or

ftraw, under any pretence whatfoever, every person fo offending jng market" {ball for every such offence forfeit and pay a sum of money not hours, exceeding twenty {hillings, nor less than five {hillings.

XVIII.  And be it further enabled, That no person whatsoever Penalty for (hall buy and fell again any hay or ftraw, that (hall or may be J?\TnS an? conveying by land or water carriage for the purpose of felling hay^fu-aw within the cities or limits aforesaid, and that every person fo of- conveying to fending (hall forfeit for every truss of hay or straw fo bought and be fold within fold the sum of five (hillings; and no person (hall buy any hay ^

or straw in any market or place for the sale of hay or ftraw, for buying-in a the purpose of felling again in any such market or other place marketplace within the cities or limits aforesaid ; and every person fo offend- to fell it again ing {hall, for ever truss of hay or straw fo bought, forfeit and pay therein.. the sum of five (hillings: provided always. That no person felling hay or straw by retail at their own premifes, in any less quantity than five truffes as aforesaid, (hall be liable to such last mentioned penalty.

XIX.  And be it further enacted, That if any person within Penalty for the cities or limits aforesaid (hall, after having purchased for, than^adfuaUv^ or sent in or delivered to any perfon,- by whom or on whose ac-

count he may have been fo employed to purchase any hay or ftraw, charge or demand a greater price than what was really and truly paid or agreed to be paid for any such. hay or ftraw, every person fo offending (hall forfeit and pay the sum of five (hillings fori every bundle or truss of hay or straw fo purchafed, sent in, or delivered.

XX.  And be it further enadted, That if any person (hall fell  ^or

any quantity of hay or straw within the cities or limits aforesaid, 0thTr than and (hall afterwards fend in or deliver, or tender ta the buyer the commo-

tkereof, dity fold.

Penalty for fraudulently increaling weight.

Penalty for delivering less than the number of trufics fold.

Penalty for Hot bringing hay or draw, expo fed and not fold, to the market

Anno regtli tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 88. [1795^

thereof, as and for the hay or draw fo fold, any other hay or draw in part or in whole, every person fo offending flial] forfeit and pay the sum often {hillings for every hjundle or truss of hay, and the sum of five (hillings for every bundle or truss of draw fo lent in, delivered, or tendered as aforefaid.

XXL And be it further enaefed, That if any person (hall knowingly and fraudulently mix, or put, or cause to be mixed, or put, any water, or any fand, earth, or any other matter or thing, in any bundle or truss of hay or draw, with an intent to increase the weight thereof, and (hall afterwards fell, fend in, and deliver the fame, or any part thereof, within the cities or limits aforesaid ; or if any person {hall fell any quantity of hay or draw, within the cities or limits aforesaid, and shall afterwards mix, or put, or cause to be mixed, or put, in the bundles or trulfes of fuqh hay or draw, water, fand, earth, or any other matter or thing, with an intent to increase the weight thereof, or any part thereof, and shall afterwards fend in, or deliver, or tender to the buyer thereof, any such hay or draw, every person fo offending (hail forfeit and pay the lum of ten (hillings for every bundle or truss of hay, and the sum of five (hillings for every bundle or truss of draw fo font in, delivered, or tendered as aforefaid.

XXII.  And be it further enacted, That if any person felling any hay or draw, in any market or place within the cities or limits aforesaid, (hall deliver to, or tender to or for, or on account of, the buyer thereof, a less number of bundles and truffes of hay or draw, as or for the true number bought and fold, or if the driver of the waggon, wain, or cart, in which such hay or draw (hall be, for the purpose of being delivered according to such fale, (hall fecrete, keep back, or withhold, any part of the (aid hay or draw, or (hall deliver a less number of bundles or trusses to the buyer, such driver or person felling, knowing the fame fo delivered not to be the true number bought, or which ought to be delivered according to such fale, every driver or person felling fo offending, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds for every bundle or truss of hay or draw fo fecreted, kept back, withheld, or not delivered , and in default of immediate payment of any such penalty by any such driver, on conviction before any justice of the peace in whose jurisdiction the offence shall have been committed, such driver or person felling, shall be forthwith lent, by warrant under the hand and feal of such jufiice, to the house of correction, or other prison within the jurisdiction of such judice, there to remain and be kept to hard labour, without bail or mainprize, for any space of time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, unless the said penalty should be sooner paid 5 any thing herein-after contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithdan'ding. "

XXIII.  And be it further enacted, That if any person or perfons, after having brought or received any hay or draw for fale, or exposed any hay or draw to fate on a market day, in any market or place for sale of hay or draw within the cities or limits aforesaid, which (hall not be fold, (hall thereupon lodge

the

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. S3.  775

the fame in any place near to such market or place as aforesaid, place on the and shall nor, if the fame be not before that time fold, bring and  ”^5"

expofe the said hay or straw for sale in such market or place, by ' * eleven of the clqck in the forenoon of the next ensuing market day, or if any person lodging any hay or straw as aforesaid, which ftiall be brought to any place for the purpose of sale on a bye day or a day between the usual market days, (hall not, if the fame be not before that time fold, bring and expose ail such hay or straw for sale in such market near to where the fame was lodged, on the following market day by the fame hour as aforesaid, or as soon after as the weather will permit without endangering the spoiling or injuring the fame, every person fo offending ftiall forfeit and pay for every such offence any sum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty {hillings,

XXIV.  And be it further enabled, That if any person who Penalty for

{hall have been concerned in buying or felling any hay or straw  °falib

within the cities or limits aforesaid, {hall give, take, or receive, ^cdpts  of^

any false or untrue receipt, ticker, or memorandum, of the price the prices of of any hay or straw fo fold or bought as aforesaid, expressive of bay or. Itraw a greater or less price than what the fame was really and truly

fold for or bought, every person fo offending {hall for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, upon complaint being made to any justice of the peace within whose jurisdiction the offence {hall have been committed, at any time within fix calendar months after such offence committed, any thing herein-after contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding: provided always, That if any person offending in either of the cafes aforesaid {hall, within the said space of fix calendar months, give information of and prosecute to conviction any other person fo offending, such informer {hall be indemified from the penalty herein-before mentioned.

XXV.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Limitation of person {hall be prosecuted for any of the before-mentioned of-Pr°^ecutionSo fences, except where it has been or (hall be herein otherwise expreffed, unless information of any such offence be given to the

proper magiftrate, within fourteen days next after the commif-fion of such offence.

XXVI.  And^ for the more speedy recovery of all and every forfeiture which ftiall he incurred under this ah^ andfor the difpofing

thereof be it further enacted, That on complaint or information Recovery of being made to any justice of the peace of any offence committed forfeitures, against this aft within the jurisdiction of such juftice, such justice is hereby required and authorised to summon the person or per-fons charged with any such offence, and also any witness or witnefles, for the fame, at a certain time and place in such fum-mons to be fpecified, and in default of appearance of the party fo fummoned, on its being made appear to the said justice upon oath, that such summons was duly served upon or left at the usual place of abode of the party fummoned, then every such justice is hereby authorised and required to proceed to hear and

determine

?76

Offenders may be committed for want of diftrefs.

WitnefTes refuting to be examined may be committed.

Salefmen con* vidted of offences, may exhibit complaint against employer before a juftice, who may determine the matter.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 88. [179^

determine the matter of the laid complaint, by the oath or oaths of any one or more credible witness or witnefies, and to convitft the refpeeftive offender, and to Ward and adjudge the respective penalties imposed by this a6t to be paid by such offender, together with the reafonabie costs and charges attending such conviction, to be afcei tained and allowed by such juftice, and by warrant under the hand and feal of such juftice, to cause the fame to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such offender, unless within five days from the day of making such diftrefs, the party or parties offending (hall pay the penalty and costs to be incurred in such warrant, and likewise the costs and charges of such diftrefs, rendering the overplus (if any) to the laid offender; and if any offender against this adfc shall not have any goods or chattels within the jurifdicftion of such justice whereon such levy can be made, such justice before whom such convieftion (hall be had, is hereby empowered and authorised to blue his warrant for apprehending such offender; and in cafe such offender shall escape or go out of the jurisdiction of such juftice, it (hall and may be lawful for any other justice of the peace of the county or place where such offender shall be found, by indorsement of such warrant, to authorise the execution thereof within the jurisdiction of such juftice, as well as to convey the offender before the justice who granted such warrant, who may commit him to some publick prison or house of correction of the county or place in which such offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any term not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than fourteen days, from the time of every such commitment, unless in cafes otherwise provided for by this a<ft, and unless such offender shall sooner pay the sum to he mentioned on every such warrant of commitment; and in all cafes where any perlon shall be brought as a witness touching any matter contained in this a£l, by any summons or warrant, before any juftice, and shall refuse to be examined, such justice may commit any such person to some prison of the county or place within the jurifditftion of such juftice, for any time not exceeding fourteen days from the time of every such commitment.

XXVII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That when and as often as it shall happen that any falefman or falef-men shall in manner aforesaid be convicted of any offence against this acl, and thereby become fubjecd to the payment of any of the penalties before mentioned, it shall be lawful for any such falefman to exhibit his complaint or information against the farmer or other perfon, for whom or on whose account he shall have fold the hay or ftraw, (on account of which such falefman or falefmen shall have been fo convidfed), before some justice of the peace within the jurifdi<5Hon in which such hay or straw shall have been fo fold ; and such justice is hereby required to fum-mon such farmer or other perfon, and also any witness or wit-nefTes, to appear before him the said juftice, on a day to be appointed and named in the said fummons, (not less than feven

days



777

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Geqrgii III. c. 83.

days after the issuing of such fummons), although such fanner or other person against whom such information shall be laid, may happen to reside out of the county, city, borough, divifion, or liberty, in which such hay or straw may have been fo fold ; and on its being made appear to the said justice on oath, that such summons was duly ferVed upon, or left at the usual place of abode of the party fummoned, then every such justice is hereby authorised and required to proceed to hear and determine the matter of the said complaint or information, in like manner as is herein-before provided arid directed, for hearing of complaints against falefmen; and if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice th?t such falefman shall not have been guilty of or privy to any fraud or deceit in the premifes, but that such fraud or deceit was imputable to such farmer or other person fo complained against as aforesaid, then such justice is hereby authorised and required to award to such falefman, the amount of the penalty fo by him paid as aforesaid, together with full costs and charges, as well those occasioned by the complaint against him, as by such subsequent complaint against such farmer or other perfon; such costs and Charges to be first ascertained and allowed by such juftice, and to adjudge the said farmer or other perfon, the owner of the said hay or ftraw, to pay the fame; and the said justice is hereby authorised and required, by warrant under his hand and fea!, to cause the fame to be levied in like manner as penalties and forfeitures are by this aft directed to be levied and recovered.

XXVIII.  Provided always, and be it enafted, That whenever Warrant °/ the party against whom such warrant of distress shall be granted, endor^dby^ shall happen to reside in another county, city, borough, divifion, justice of the or liberty, out of the jurisdiction of such juftice, that then, and peace where in such cafe, such warrant shall not be executed or put in force the party until after it shall be endorsed by some justice of the county,iei es* city, borough, divifion, or liberty, to which such summons shall be directed ; and all and every the justice and justices of such county, city, borough, divifion, or liberty, are hereby required to endorfe the fame, on due proof of the hand writing of the justice by whom such warrant was ilTued, and such warrant, when fo endorfed, shall and may be execruted in like manner as if the fame had been originally granted by a justice of that city, borough, divifion, or liberty, in which such farmer or other person shall refide: provided neverthelefs, That every such complaint Complaint to or information shall be made within fourteen days after the con- .be m*de with-viftion of such falefman as aforesaid, and not. afterwards; and ^vialon of* if it shall appear to the said juftice, on hearing the cafe, that a falefman; such complaint fo made by the falefman as aforesaid, is frivolous and if frivo-and unfounded, it shall be lawful for such justice to award all the juf-reafonable charges and expences by way of cofts, to be paid to  the  **

the said farmer or other perfon, provided he shall attend the said employer, summons as the said justice shall think right, according to the circumstances of the cafe; such costs to be levied on the falef-jnan fo complaining, in like manner as is herein-before direfted.

VOL. XL  F  F  f  XXIX.  Pro-.

778  Anno  regm  tricefieno  sexto  Georgii  III.  c.  88.  [1795.

Appeal may XXIX. Provided always, and be it ena6led, That if any the^arter  Per£°n convidfed of any offence punishable by this acl, (hall

feffionsT  think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the judgement or

determination of any such justice as aforesaid, such person may appeal against the fame to the justices at the general or general quarter sessions of the peace of the county or place in which any such conviction (hall have been made, which (hall be held next after any such conviction, unless such next general or general quarter sessions of the peace for any such county or place (hall '  happen,  to be held within fix days next after any such conviction $

and if any such general or general quarter session of the peace (hall happen to be fo held within the said space of fix days next after any such convidion, then it shall be lawful for any such perfon, at the second general or general quarter sessions of the peace which (hall be held for any such county or place next after any such convidlion, fo that the party appearing before any such appeal (hall be received, immediately upon such conviction enter into a recognizance with two sufficient fureties, before such justice fo convidting as aforesaid, in the sum of ten pounds each,fc to appear and prosecute every such appeal witheffedl; and the justices of the peace at such general or general quarter session of the peace, are hereby authorised and required, on every such • appeal being made^ finally to hear and determine the matter of every such appeal, and to make such order, and to award such costs therein, as they in their diferetion shall seem meet; and which said order and determination shall be final and conclusive to all parties, and no Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any such . proceedings or determination.

Penalties to  XXX. And be it further ena&ed, That every penalty and

go to the  forfeiture by this aQ. imposed fhall, when recovered, go and be

pro ecu o .  ^  perpon  or  persons  who  shall prosecute to conviction

any offender or offenders againft: this act.

Limitation of XXXI. And be it enacted, That no person shall be sued actions. or prosecuted for any thing done in pursuance or in execution of this act, after the expiration of fix months from the offence committed; and every such fuit or prosecution shall be brought in the county or place where such offence shall have been committed ; and every person fo sued shall and may plead the general General iflue. iffue, not guilty, and may give this adt, and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if a verdict shall be found for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his action after the defendant (hall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon a demurrer againft: the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or Double cofts. defendants in every such action shall recover double cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as defendants have in other cafes for recovery of their caffs.

c a p;

*795-] Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 89*  779

CAP. LXXXIX.

^  for affiefling the commiflioners, clerks, and other officers of the

duties on fait, y^r //;r/r salaries and the profits of their refpeblive offices, to the land tax in the pari[Jo of Saint Martin in the Fields,

.within the city and liberty of Weft mi after, not with [landing the said office has been removed into Somerfet Place, within the duchy liberty in //^Strand, inthe county 0/AMiddiefex.—[ May 14, 1796. J

’HERE AS by an abl paffied in the present session ofparlia- Preamble. ment, intituled, An adl for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thou land seven hundred and ninety-fix, it is enabled. That everyperfon in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, rated or ajfeffect for his office or employment, [hull be rated and paid for his said office or employment inthe county, city, or place, where the fame shall be ex ere fed, although the revenue or profits arising by such office or employment are payable elfe-where ; and it is also by the said a £i further enabled, That any part of the said abl may be altered, varied, or repealed by any abl or abls to be made in this present session of parliament : and whereas the commiflioners, clerks, and other officers, for the time being, appointed and employed in the receipt, management, and government of the duties on fait, did, for a great number of years previous to the year one thousandfeven hundred and eighty-eight, exer-cife their offices within the pariJh of Saint Martin in the Fields in the city and liberty of Weftminfter, during all which time they were rated and affieffied to the land tax, for their salaries and other profits of _ their said offices, within the said parifo of Saint Martin in the Fields in the said city and liberty : and whereas persons seized andpoffieffied of estates and property within the said parifo of Saint Martin in the Fields in the said city and liberty, liable to be affieffied to the land tax, ^ will be much oppreffied and aggrieved if the said commiflioners, clerks, and other officers, employed in the receipt, management, and government of the said duties on fait, should be affieffied for their salaries and other profits of their said offices elsewhere than in the said parifo of Saint Martin in the Fields within the said city and liberty : may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enadted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent majefty, by and with the advice and cbnfent of the lord^ spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the commiftioners, clerks, and other officers, Commiflion-from time to time appointed and employed in the receipt, manage-ment and government, of the said duties on fait, ftiall be afteiled be a0efTed to upon the said adl for their salaries and other profits of their places the land tax inthe parish of Saint Martin in the Fields within the city and for their fa-liberty of Weflminfer aforesaid, where the salaries and other pro- ^^^Martiiv fits of the said commiflioners, clerks, and other officers, in the in the Fields, said year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, were afteffed, and not elfewhere, fo as the full proportion which was assessed on the said division of Saint Martin in the Fields in the city and liberty aforesaid, in the said year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, be again afi'efted thereon by virtue of

F f f 2  the  T

 ^

^oogle

One moiety of the afiefl*-ment, &c. to be paid to the collectors of the diftriCt to which the office is or may be removed.

780  Anno  regni tricefnno sexto Georgii III. c. 90. [179^

the raid aft, and fo as any other divifion, diflrift, parifh, or place, to which the (aid office has been or may be removed, be not charged with a greater proportion, in respect of the said fala-ries and profits, than it was in the said year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. Provided always, That out of the sum to be assessed on the said commissioners for the receipt, management, and government of the said duties on fait, their clerks, and other officers, there (hall be paid to the collectors of the land tax for the divifion, dif-trift, parifh, or,place, to which the said office is or may be removed, one moiety thereof; and also the whole of the land tax for all additional commiffioners, clerks, and other additional officers of the said duties on fait, which (hall or may be hereafter appointed and employed in the said receipt, management, or government, to be applied in aid of the assessment to be laid upon the said divifion, diftrift, parilb, or place, by virtue of the said aft.

Publickad. III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this aft (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publickaft,

~ and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, juf-tices, and other perfons, without specially pleading the fame.

CAP. XC.

An aft for the relief of persons equitably and beneficially entitled to or interefied in the feveralfiocks and annuities transferrable at the lank ^England.—[May 14, 1796.]

Preamble. TI7HEREAS by the laws in being relative to.the transfers of VV flocks and annuities transferrable at the bank ^England, all such transfers are required to be entered or regifiered; and such entries are to be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and to be ftgned by the parties making such transfers, or (iffuch party be abfent) by his, her, or their attorney thereunto lawfully authorifed; and it is also declared, that no other method of assigning or transferring such flock and annuities shall be good or available in law: and whereas the persons equitably and beneficially entitled to or interefied in the said fiocks and annuities have been and are put to great inconveniencies by reason that the trufiees and other perfons, according to the said laws in beings alone qualified to make transfers and to receive the dividends of such flocks and annuities vefied in them in trufi, have been and are absent out of the jurisdiction or not amenable to the process of the high court of chancery or the court of exchequer; and other cafes of like inconvenience have arisen : for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s mofl excellent majefly, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present When tmf- parliament affiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, nTme^ftock ^rom an^ a^ter Pa^ing °f this when and as often as it {hall shall be ftand- happen that all and every the person or persons in whose name ing at the or names any part or parts of the several stocks and annuities bank, {hah be transferrable, or which hereafter shall be made transferrable, at

the

x795-3 A*1110 regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 90.  781

the bank of England, is, are, or shall be {landing as a truflee or abfent, out of

truftcts, or the legal personal representative or representatives oftior/oftheC"

any such person or pei Tons being deceafed, shall be absent out of chancery and

the jut ifdicSlion or not amenable to the process of the said courts exchequer, or

of chancery and exchequer, or shall be a bankrupt or bankrupts, be bankrupts,

lunatick or lunaticks, or shall refuse to transfer the flock or an- ^CJrtsirfanv

nuities, fo legally veiled in him, her, or them, or to receive or cause depend-

pay over the dividends of such {lock or annuities to the person or ing therein*

periuns beneficially entitled thereto, or it shall be uncertain or may order the

unknown whether such truflee or truflees, representative or repre-r .  ,  i**  ill 1  ,  . n ,  transfei red,

fentatives, is or are living or dead ; that then and in all and every an(j the uivi-

fuch cafe and cafes it shall and may be lawful to and for the said dends paid;

courts of chancery and exchequer refpedlively, in any cause de- aRd when all

pending in the said courts refpectively, to order and direct that the truftees

. rr  J y r r cannot be

the accountant general, or the lecretary or deputy fecretary, for found, may

the time being, of the governor and company of the bank of order the . England, do transfer, in the book or books of the said company, forthcoming such flock or annuities as aforesaid, either to and into the name of Vock^&c the accountant general of the said court of chancery, or of the  *

deputy remembrancer of the said court of exchequer, in trull in such caufe, or otherwife, to and into the name or names of the person or persons equitably or beneficially entitled to such (lock or annuities as the cafes may respectively require, and as to the said courts of chancery and exchequer, shall in their diferetion, seem fit; and also to order and direct that the said accountant general, secretary or deputy fecretary, for the time being, of the governor and company of the bank of England, do aifo receive and pay over the dividends of such Hock and annuities as the said courts shall diredl; and when and as often as it shall happen that one or more only, and not all or both of such trullees or personal representatives as aforesaid, shall be fo absent or not amenable to such process as aforesaid, or a bankrupt or bankrupts, lunatick or lunaticks, or {hall fo refuse as aforesaid, or it be uncertain or unknown whether anyone or more of such trullees or representatives is or are living or dead, that then and in all and every such lafl mentioned cafe and cafes it shall and may be lawful to and for the said courts of chancery and exchequer refpedtively, to order and direct that the other and others of such trustees and reprefentatives, who shall be forthcoming and ready and qualified to a£l, do transfer such flock or annuities to and into the name or names of such person or persons as aforesaid, as the cafes may respectively require, and as to the said courts shall in their difere-tion seem fit; and also that such forthcoming truflee or truftees, representative or reprefentatives, do also receive and pay over the dividends of such flock or annuities as the said courts shall diredt; and that all such transfers and payments fo made in pursuance of this adt, shall be, and are hereby declared to be valid and effedlual to all intents and purposes whatfoever; any former flatute, law, cuflom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

F F F 3  II.  And

782 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgix TIL c. 90. [1795.

II. And whereas it hath frequently happened that commissions of bankrupt have ijfued againjl persons having certain parts of the said Jlochs or annuities transferrable at the hank of England, Jlanding in their names in their own rights and such persons have thereupon been declared and adjudged bankrupts, but have nevertheless refused to tranf-fer or join in transferring suchflock or annuities; for remedy whereof, reMe^to1^^ *lt ena(^e(^ by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the transfer stock  Pa^ng °f this sa£l, when and as often as any person or perfons

landing in  shall be declared or adjudged bankrupt, having any part or arts

their own  of the {locks or annuities transferrable, or which hereafter fhall

lord^charf  be mac^e transferrable at the bank of England, {landing in his,

cell or may  her, or their name or names in his, her, or their own right, it

order it to be shall and ijiay be lawful to and for the lord chancellor, lord transferred to keeper, or commissioners for the cullody of the great feal of* the ailignees. Great Britain for the time being, on the petition of the assignee or assignees chosen under the said commilTion, to order the said accountant general, fecretary, or deputy fecretary, for the time being, of the governor and company of the bank of England, to transfer the said {lock or annuities fo {landing in the name or names of the said bankrupt or bankrupts, in his, her, or their own right, to and into the name or names of the said assignee or affignees, and also to receive and pay over the dividends of such flock and annuities as the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commissioners for the cullody of the great feal of Great Britain, shall diredlj and that all such transfers and payments shall be valid and effedhial to all intents and purposes whatfoever; any former llatute, law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithftanding,

III.  And whereas commiffons in the nature of a writ de lunatico inquirendo have frequently ijfued., and persons have thereupon been found lunaticks, having certain parts of theflocks and annuities tranf-ferrable at the bank ^England, Jlanding in the names of such lunaticks in their own rights and the committees of the estates of such lunaticks having like parts of such Jlochs and annuities Jlanding in their oven names in trufl for or as part of the property of such lunatic ks have fora dimes died intejlate, or gone to reftde beyond the feaSj or have theinfelves become lunaticks, or it has been uncertain and unknown whether they ivere living or dead: and whereas it is forpetimes proper and expedient that such parts of the property of such lunaticks as aforesaid fhoulcl be transferred, bui by the laivs in being no valid or effectual transfer thereof can be made, whereby great inconveniencies have arisen $ for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid 5 Stock {landing That, from and after the palling of this .acl, in all cafes whatfo-oflunaticksS ever v/bere any such (lock or annuities transferrable or thereafter or their ' to be made transferrable at the bank of England, is, are, or shall committees, be {landing in the name or names of such lunatick or lunaticks, may in  in his, her, or their own right, or in the name or names of the

be ordered^by comm,c£ee or committees of his, her,' or their estate or eflates, the lord chan- in trust f°r the said lunatick or lunaticks, or as part of his, her, ceilor to be or their property* it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord transferred, chancellor, lord keeper, or corn miffi oners’ of the great feal of *c<‘  Great Britain for the time being, to order the accountant general,

fecretary.

1795-1 Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c.

fecretary, or deputy fecretary, for the time being, of the governor and company of the bank of England, to transfer such stock or annuities to or into the name of any new committee or committees, or otherwife, and also to receive and pay over the dividends thereof, as the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or com-miftioners of the great feal of Great Britain for the time being,

(hall direft; and that such transfers and payments shall be valid and efFeftual to all intents and purposes whatfoever; any former ftatute, law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in anyvvife notwithftanding.

IV* And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That this to an present aft shall be and is hereby declared to be a full and com- ^he^nk^10 plete indemnity and discharge to the said governor and company of, the bank of England, their officers and fervants, for all things done, or permitted to be done pursuant thereto, and that the fame shall not be queffioned or impeached in any court of law or equity whatfoever, to their prejudice or detriment; and that this present act shall be, and is hereby declared to be, and to be reputed and taken as a publick aft, to all intents and purposes whatfoever.

CAP. XCI.

An aS: for difiolving a certain partnerfhip, fociety, or undertaking, called the Million Bank, and for dividing the joint stock and funds belonging thereto, amongst the members thereof.—[May 14., 1796.]

cap. xcii.

An aft for amending and reducing into one a51 of parliament two fever al a5ls, pajfed in the thirty fourth and thirty-fifth years of his present Majesty, for the better ordering the militia of the city a/'London; andfor the fur the r regulating of the trained bands, or militia, of the said city.—[May 14, 1796.]

TT7HEREAS an a5f ivas pajfed in the thirtyfourth year of the Preamble. VV reign of his present Majefiy, intituled, An aft for amending 34 Geo. 3-fo much of an aft, pafTed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years c* 8l- and of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled,

* An aft for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom, as relates to the militia of the city of London, and for the better ordering the fame:’ and whereas another a5l was pajfed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled\

An aft for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual an 35 Geo. 3. aft, made in the last feftfon of parliament, intituled, c An aft for c* recited, amending fo much of an aft, pafTed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second,’ intituled, <c An aft for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom, as relates to the militia of the city of London, and for the better ordering the fame and whereas several of the povjers and proviftons in the said afls contained have been found defedtive, and it is expedient that the faicl a5ts Jhould be repealed, and further and other powers and proviftons granted injiead thereof, for raifing, training, and regulating the trained bands, or militia of

f f F 4  the

784 Anno regni tricesimo fcxto Georgii 111. c. 92. [1795.

the city of London: be it therefore enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-Recited ads liament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from the militia ^ anc^ a^ter t^e Pa^in§ °f this a<^h the fa>d two recited ads, palled raised by vir- in the , thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his tue thereof, to present Majesty, shall be and the fame are hereby repealed, and be subject to that instead thereof this ad shall commence and take effed: of\hfs°ad°nS Pr9v*l^e<^ neverthelefs, That the militia now raised by virtue of the said ads, shall be subject to the provisions and regulations contained in this ad, in like manner as the militia to be raifed

by virtue cf this ad arefubjeded thereto. dteTadsnot IL Provided al ways, and be it further enaded, That the re-to annul pro- Pea^ng of the said ads shall not annul any proceedings had by ceedings of his Majesty’s commifiioners of lieutenancy for the city of Londony thecommif- who are in and by the said ads appointed and authorised to exe-fioners of cute tjle fame^ or any commifTions granted by them by virtue or or commit- under the authority of the said ads, provided the colonels, lieute-lions granted nant colonels, majors, and captains, to whom such commifiions by them, if have been granted, are qualified as herein-after fpecified; and in the officers ^ order to ascertain such qualifications, the said commifiioners are to afcert^n ’ hereby empowered and directed to examine such persons refpec-which, they tively on oath, to be administered by such commifiioners; and are to examine the several persons to whom such com millions have been granted, upon oath. {ball and may ad, if qualified as herein-after exprefied, in the execution of this ad, in like manner as they might have acted in the execution of the said former ads, in cafe this ad had not

Commiffion-ers to arm, array, and exercise the militia, and appoint officers, who shall have the fame rank as the other militia force 5.

Commiffions nc t vacated by revocation of the power of thecom-miffioners.

Officers topof-iets the fame qualification as for cities

which arc

been made.

III.  And be it further enaded, That his Majesty’s commifiioners of lieutenancy that now are and hereafter shall be con-ftituted and appointed for the city of London, shall have full power and authority, and are hereby required to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercifed, such persons once in every year, and at such other times and in such manner as is herein-after direded; and the said commifiioners (hall from time to time constitute and appoint a proper number of colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors, and other officers, qualified as hereinafter direded, to train, difcipline, and command the persons fo to be armed and arrayed, according to the rules, orders, and directions herein-after mentioned, and the officers fo appointed (hall have the fame rank in the army as the officers of the reft of the militia forces of this kingdom.

IV.  And be it further enaded, That no commifiion of any officer granted by his Majesty’s said commissioners of lieutenancy for the city of London, in pursuance of this ad, shall be vacated by reason of the revocation, expiration, or di(continuance of the commifiion by which such commifiioners were appointed.

Vo And be it further enaded, That every person fo to be appointed an officer of the said militia, in pursuance of this ad^ lhffll pofiefs the like qualification, with respect to property, as, those of the fame rank, in nil cities and towns which are coun*?

ties

*795-] Anno regni tricefinio sexto Georgii III. c. 92.  785

ties within themfelves, are directed to possess by an a£t, passed in counties of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty* inti- J^^l^oaths tuied, An aft for amending and reducing into one aft of parliament ancl fubfcribe# the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called a declaration England; and every commissioned officer shall take the oaths, as to his qua-and make* repeat* and subscribe the declaration by the said a£t hfication. required .to be taken, made* repeated, and fubfcribed; and every colonel* lieutenant colonel* major, and captain, in the said militia, (hall be a freeman of the city of London, and (hall also take an oath and subscribe a declaration before the said com-miffioners* who are hereby authorised and dire6fed to administer the said oath and receive the said declaration, that he possesses the qualifications required by the said a£i; and every lieutenant and ensign in the said militia shall be a freeman, or the foil of a freeman of the city of London, and (hall also take (if required by the said commiffioners) an oath, and subscribe a declaration be^ fore the said commiffioners, who are hereby authorised to ad-minifter the said oath and receive the said declaration, that he possesses the qualifications required by the said a£l: provided always, That no person who has been a bankrupt, or com- No bankrupt pounded with his creditors, and not paid twenty (hillings in the to be an offi-pound, (hall be eligible to be a commissioned officer in the said cer#

London militia.

VI.  And be it further ena£led, That the number of private Eftabliffiment men to be raifed* by virtue of this act, for the militia of the city of the militia, of London and the liberties thereof, shall be one thousand and two hundred, to be formed into two regiments, confiding each of eight companies, besides a grenadier and light infantry company; the field officers of each regiment (hall be one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, and one major; and there (hall be one captain, one lieutenant, and one enfign, to each company except to the grenadier and light infantry companies, to each of which there (hall be appointed two lieutenants indead one lieutenant and one enfign; and the clerk of the said commissioners (hall Commiffion* cause to be inserted in the London Gazette the date of the com- theG^ette millions, and names and rank of the officers, together with the names of the officers-in whose room they are appointed, in like manner as comrniffions in the army are published from the war Expence of office; and the expence of such insertion in the Gazette, for each commiffion* (hall be allowed to the said clerk in passing his ciert. accounts.

VII.  And be it further enabled, That every officer now holding FleId officers a commission as colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, or captain* in ^owTokbn^ the laid militia, who hath not delivered a specific description of comrniffions his qualification, herein-before mentioned, for enabling him to who have not hold such commiffion, to the clerk or treasurer to the said com- delivered in miflioners, fhall, within three calendar months after the passing cadoi^mdo of this a£f, deliver such specific description of his qualification fQ *m three for holding such commission to the said clerk or treafurer, who months on (hall forthwith lay the fame, or a true copy thereof, before the pain of difqua-faid commissioners ; and in cafe any such officer (hall not deliver location, such specific description of his qualification as aforesaid to the

clerk |

7 86

Penalty for a ding without being qualified, or without delivering in a defirip-tion of qualification.

A moiety of penalty to the person who shall fue.

On whom proof of qualification ihall lie.

Times of holding courts of lieutenancy.

len to be

-ovided by le wards in :rtain pro- _ >rtions.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92.  [1795.

clerk or treafurer, within the time before limited for that purpose, his commission {hall be void, and he shall be incapable of being or serving as an officer in the said militia again in the fame or any higher rank.

VIII.  And be it further enadfed, That if any person (hall execute any of the powers hereby directed to be executed by colonels, lieutenant colonels, or majors, in the said militia, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered a specific de-feription of his qualification to the clerk or treasurer to the said commiffioners, every such person (hall forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds; and if any person {hall execute any of the powers hereby directed to be executed by captains in the said militia, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having deli-r vered a specific delcription of his qualification to the said clerk or treafurer, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; and if any person shall execute any of the powers hereby directed to be executed by colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors,, captains, lieutenants, or enfigns, in the said militia, after having been a bankrupt, or after having compounded with his creditors, and not paid twenty (hillings in the pound, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety of which said several and respective penalties shall go to the use of the person who shall sue for the fame ; and in every adlion, fuit, or information, brought against any person for acting as colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, or captain, in the said militia, not being qualified as aforesaid, the proof of his qualification (except as to bankruptcy or compounding with his creditors) shall lie upon the person against whom the fame is brought.

IX.  And be it further enabled. That the said commissioners shall and are hereby required and empowered to hold a court of lieutenancy for the said city, on the first Wednefday next after the palling of this acd, and afterwards to hold two courts of lieutenancy in each year for the said city; (that is to fay), one court to be holden on the third Wednefday in January, and-one court on the third Wednefday in June, and to hold courts from time to time, as often as they (hall think expedient, and to issue such precepts at the said courts as may be requisite and necessary for the purpose of carrying this ainto execution.

X.  And be it further enadted, That the private men of the two regiments of militia to be raised by virtue of this adf, and

, which shall be distinguished by the names of the Eaji and Wejl Regiments, shall be provided by the several wards of the city, and the liberties and precincts within the fame, in the proportions following; (that is to fay),

For the Eaji Regiment, by the wards of

Aldgate, sixty men;

RoJJiJhaWy twelve men;

Billing]gate, forty-one men;

Bijhofjgate Within, forty-four mens Bijhopfgate Without, fifty men;

Bridge,

*795*3 Anno regni tricefiino sexto Georgii III. c. 92.  7^7

Bridge, twenty-fix men;

Broad Street^ fifty men;

Candlewlck) twenty men;

Cohnan Street^ thirty-fix men;

Comb HI) thirty-fix men;

Dowgate, twenty-seven men;

Langbourn, fixty-seven men; .

Z/W Street, twenty men ;

Partfoken) forty-five men;

Tower, ftxty-fix men.

And for the /%/? Regiment, by the wards of

Jlderfgate Within, and &7/W Martins~le~Grand, eighteen men }

Alderfgate Without, twenty-one men;

Bread Street) twenty-four men;

Cajlle Baynard) forty-four men;

Cheap) forty-four men;

Cordwainer) twenty-two men;

Cripplegate Within, forty-four men;

Cripplegate Without, thirty-fix men ;

Farringdon Within, eighty-four men;

Farringdon Without, one hundred and ninety-two men;

§Hieenhithe) twenty-one men ;

Vintry, twenty-three men;

Walb rook, twenty-seven men.

XX. And be it further ena&ed, That the said commifiioners, CotnmyTion-at their courts, fhall, and are hereby required to iiTue precepts to the aldermen, deputies, and common councilmen of the several the aldermen, wards of the said city and liberties thereof, requiring them to Sec. to canfe cause the number of men, herein-before appointed to be raised in the men to be their respective wards, to be provided; and the aldermen, or depu-r ties, and common councilmen, of the several wards aforesaid, or the may ^ve IO\a major part of them, dial! provide the number of men diredfed to be bounty; raised in their respective wards, who shall be fit and able men, and be approved by two or more of thefaid commifiionerSjand who shall not have more than one child born in wedlock at the time of his enrolment, and who {hall relide in the said city, or within three miles thereof; and the aldermen, or deputy, and common councilmen of the several wards aforesaid, or the major part of them, (hall, and are hereby authorised and empowered to give unto such men, fo to be  t,

provided, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding ten pounds to. and to appoint each man, toferve in the militia for each v/3rd; and the said com- a court to re-mi In oners (hall appoint a court or courts to be holden, not less ^lv^r^Vu^s than twenty days or moje than sixty days after issuing such pre~.^™^n f)ro~'" cepts, to receive a return of the names and places of abode ofAldermen to such persons as shall be fo provided ; and the alderman, or deputy, ciire6t the and common councilmen, of the several wards aforesaid, or the ward officers major part of them, shall direct the conftables, beadles, or other ward officers, to give notice, in writing, to every person fo .provided to*^ provided, personally to appear at such court or courts, or before attend.at the

l'uch court, Sec*

788  Anno rcgm triccfimofextoGEORGii III.c. 92. [1795.

fuch commissioners as may be appointed by such court or courts, to receive, infpeS, and attest them, which notice (hall be given at his or their usual place of abode, at least fix days before the time appointed for their said appearance; and such conftable, beadle, or other officer, {hall appear at such court or courts, or before such commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid, and make a return on oath of the days when such notices were ferved; and every person fo provided {ball, upon such notice appear at such court, or before such commiliioners. to be appointed as aforesaid, and if approved, there take an oath in the words or to the effect following; (that is to fay),

t-ken*b ^er * T  fincerety  ptomife  and  fwear. That I will be faith-

fonsapproveX * -*• an^ bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and ’ 4 I do fwear, that I am a Protellant, and that I will faithfully serve 4 in the militia of London, within the kingdom of Great Britain, 4 for the defence of the fame, during the term of five years, for 4 which I am enrolled, unless I lhall be sooner difeharged/

And every such person {ball be enrolled (in a roll to be then and there prepared for that purpose) to serve in the militia of the city of London, as a private man, for the space of five years; and it {hall be lawful for any one of the said commissioners to ad* minister the said oath ; and in cafe the said conflables, beadles, or other ward officers, or any of them, {hall negledf or refuse to give the said notice in writing, in manner aforesaid, to every person fo provided to appear as aforesaid, or {hall negledf or refuse to appear and make return on oath of the service of such notice in manner aforesaid, every such conflable, beadle, or other ward officer fo negledling or refilling in either or both of the said cafes, {hall forfeit and pay, for each offence, any sum not exceeding the sum of forty {hillings.

XII. And be it further enadted, That if any of the men provided by or for the several wards in the said city and liberties mfffioners°to~  not aPPear> or not approved by two or more of the

iffiieprecepts said commiflioners, or if through neglefl, miftake, or any other to the alder- caufe, the full number of men appointed to be raised in any of men. See. to the said wards {hall not be duly inrolied at the court or courts or°pav iol ^ at or ^e^ore  commissioners fo to be appointed for that

for each man purpose, or if any militia man {hall, before the expiration of the wanting; term for which he was to ferve, die, or be discharged in pursuance of the sentence of a court martial, or by the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment to which he {hall belong, with the conJent in writing of two or more of the said commiflioners, as unfit for fervice, or be otherwise regularly difeharged, then, and in the either of the said cafes, the said commissioners may and are hereby required immediately to issue precepts to the said alderman, deputy, and common councilmen, of the said ward wherein such deficiency or vacancy {hall happen, requiring them, or the major part of them, within ten days next following, to make good such deficiency or vacancy, or to provide other men

or

who (hall be enrolled to serve five years. Penalty on ward officers for default.

In cafe of deficiency of

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92.  789

or to pay to the said commissioners the Aim of ten pounds for each man, in order that they may provide the fame; and that if and^ifthey the alderman, or deputy, and common councilmen, of any of the fo^Qcr jfthe° wards aforesaid, or the major part of them, shall omit or refuse to men be not provide the quota or numb raised by or for their said re

the said quota or number of  .  w

proved of, or shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the oath, each, to be and be inrolled as herein-before mentioned, or shall die, or be applied by the difcharged, and others shall not be provided in their head as commiffion-aforefaid, the said ward fhall, in lieu thereof be charged with and pay the sum of ten pounds for every man not fo provided, sworn men. in, attefted, and inrolled, which sum or sums of money shall be applied by the said commissioners in providing men for the wards which lhall have paid the fame, who shall be sworn in and inrolled to serve for the fame time and on the fame conditions as if they had been provided by the alderman, or deputy, and common councilmen of such wards refpedtively, as herein-before is Surplus of dire&ed; and if any surplus of such monies shall remain,  e

fame shall be paid to the colonel, or such officer as he shall ap- part Qf the point, of the regiment for which such person shall ferve, and be regimental applied as part of the regimental flock purfe.  ftockpurfe.

XIII.  And be it further enabled, That the aldermen, or de- Aldermen, puties, and common councilmen of the several wards of the said ^ate^lTde* city and liberties, or the major part of them, fhall, and they are ^y the exJ“ hereby authorised and empowered to make an equal rate upon all pences of and every person and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, raising men. guilds, myfteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and the owners or occupiers of publick

offices and buildings, who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, pofTefs, or enjoy, any land, houfe, (hop, warehoufe, vault, cellar, or other tenement or hereditament, within their said several and refpedfive wards, and the liberties and precincts within the fame, (regard being had in making the said rate to the abilities of, and like wife to the rent paid by the said several person and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, myfteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and the owners and occupiers of publick buildings), to defray the expences of railing the quota or number of men to serve in the said militia herein-before directed to be provided by or for the several and refpe£tive wards aforesaid, as well as the expence of filling up such vacancies as may happen by death or difeharge, as herein-before mentioned, and all other incidental charges relating thereto.

XIV.  And be it further enafted, That in cafe any person or Appeal from persons (hail think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any made To th^ rate or alTeiTment to be made as aforesaid, it shall and may be court Qf lawful for them respectively to appeal to the court of mayor and mayor and aldermen of the said cHy, whose decision (hall be final and con- aldermeno clufive: provided always, That notice of such appeal shall be left

in writing at the office of the town clerk of the said city, within

tea

er of men herein appointed to be approved of, fpecHve wards, or, having provided &c* the ward men, any of them shall not be ap-

Kates may be levied by diftrefs.

ten days after the sum fo rated and aflfefled shall be demanded, and such appeal shall be made to the next court of mayor and aider-men of the said city, after such notice (hall be fo left as aforefaid*

XV.  And be it further enabled, That if any person or perfons* bodies politick: and corporate, guilds, myderies, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, or the owners and occupiers of publick offices and buildings, who shall be rated and affeiTed, by virtue or in pursuance of this aCl, (hall refuse or negleCf, by the space of fourteen days next after his, her^or their respective rate or rates, assessment or afleflments, (hall be due and demanded by the collector or collectors authorised and appointed, either by the alderman, or his deputy, and the common councilmen for the time being in each ward, or the major part ,0f them, or by the said commiffionqrs, in cafe the said alderman, deputy, and common councilmen, or the major part of them, (hall refufe, omit, or neglect to make the rate or afTeflrnent, and appoint such collectors as herein-after directed to colleCt and receive the fame (fuch demand being left in writing, by the said collector or collectors, at the land, houfe, (hop, warehoufe, vault, cellar, or other tenement, hereditament, premifes, or other property, poffeffed, rented, or occupied by him, her, or them, to pay such rate or rates, assessment or affeflnnents, fo demanded as aforesaid, unless notice of appeal (hall have been left as afore-faid), or if any such notice be left, and if such appeal shall not be made accordingly to the next court of mayor and aldermen of the said city as aforesaid, then and in every such cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for such collector or collectors, every’or any o,f them, having a warrant or warrants under the hand and feal of the mayor, or any other magistrate of the said city, which warrant or warrants the said collector and collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the mayor or any other magistrate of the said city are hereby authorised and required to grant, and with the a Alliance of a conftable, or any peace officer of the ward, county, city, or liberty, where the person or perfons, party or parties, fo refusing or negle&ing, shall refide, there to seize and distrain any of the goods and chattels of the person or persons fo negleCting or refusing to pay, and if the fame fhall. not be replevied, or such rate or assessment paid, within five days next after such didrefs made, together with the cods and charges thereof, then to appraife and fell fo much and such part of the said goods and chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said rate or afleffment, and the colls and charges attending such didrefs and fale, returning the overplus (ifany)to the owner or owners of such goods and chattels, the said cods and charges to be fettled and allowed by the said mayor, or other magidrate, who Thai! No didrefs to'have granted such warrant or warrants refpeCliveiy: provided, the^fmtts'of 'a^ways> That no such didrefs fhall, by virtue of this aCi, be made the city, un- out of the limits of the said city and liberties thereof, unless such less the war- warrant or warrants refpeCliveiy shall be fird backed or counter-rant bebacked signed by fo me" magi (Irate of thecounty, city, or liberty, where ftrateof^the  proposed to be made, which warrant or warrants

place*  2  any



1795*] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92.  791

any magistrate who (hall be applied to for that purpose (hall forthwith, and is hereby authorised and required to back or counter-fign without fee or reward.

XVI.  And be it further ena&ed, That if any such collector or Penalty for

collectors (hall refuse or neglect to apply for such warrant or w,ar-

rants as aforesaid, or to maice fucn diltrefs and fale, pursuant to 5ackin^ war.

the directions of this a£t, except in cafes wiiere such distress (lull rants, or neg-

be dispensed with by the alderman, or his deputy, and the com - lcCtingto aid

mon councilmen of each refpeCtive ward, or the major part • of ,  .  c  V  -rr  •  r  •  1  •  u  u*  dlftrcfs.

them, or by a court or com mi hi oners, in cales in which his

Majefty’s commidioners (hall be the affeffors, by virtue of this adt, by writing under their hands, in refpeCl to the poverty of the party or parties atTeffed, such colieCtor or collectors (hall, for every such refulal or neglect, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding the sum of five pounds *, and if anyjuftice of the peace, upon such application to him made to back or counterlign such warrant or warrants as aforesaid, (hall refuse or negleCl fo to do, such justice fhali, for every such refusal or negleCt, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds ; and if any constable be called upon by any collector or collectors, having such warrant or warrants, and (hall refuse or neglect to aid and a (fill him or them in making such distress and fale, he (hall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding the sum of forty (hillings.

XVII.  Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That if Houfeholders any inhabitant householder of any ward (hall offer himfelf, and voluntarily serve in his own right as a private in the fa id militia-right exempt-(being approved of, sworn in, and inrolled as aforefaid) for the edfrom the term of five years, he (hall be exempt from paying the said rate rate*

for any house or premifeshe (hall then or in future inhabit within the said city and liberties; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.  And be it further enaCled, That the alderman, or Aldermen, his deputy, and the common councilmen for the time being in ^^d^fTer"^ each ward, within the said city or liberties, or the major part of fors> and to them, fhali be the affeffors, in their refpeClive wards, to charge appoint col-all and every person and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, leCtors, with guilds, myfteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corpo- an ab°wance*. rate or not corporate, and the owners and occupiers of publick

offices and buildings liable to berated in their refpeClive wards as herein-before dire&ed, and fhali likewise be the affeffor' of the trophy tax herein-after directed to be continued to be raised and paid, and (hall appoint proper persons to* colleCt the said rates and taxes, and pay or allow unto such,collectors any sum or films of money, not exceeding three-pence in the pound upon the money fo collected.

XIX.  And be it further enaCted, That if the alderman, or If the alder-* deputy, and common councilmen of any ward, or the major part

of them, (hall refuse or neglect to provide all or any of the men  men^

to be raised by such ward, as herein-before directed, or to supply or pay for such vacancies as may happen from death or discharge as afore- them, or levy faid, according to the precepts issued to them for that purpose, or

ers may levy



Anno fegni tricesimo sexto Georgii ILL c, 92. [179.5.

fhall neglect or refuse to pay the sum of ten pounds for every man not fo provided or supplied as afotefaid ; and if the said aider-man, or deputy, and common councilmen of any ward, or the major part of them, shall neglect or refuse to make, levy, and raife, the said rates, or to assess and levy the proportion of the trophy tax of such ward, the said commissioners fhall, and are hereby further authorised to make, aflefs, levy, and raise the said rates, and also the proportion of the trophy tax of such ward, the alderman, or deputy, and common councilmen of which shall make such default, in like manner and with the like powers and authorities as thefaid alderman, or deputy, and common council-men, are hereby empowered to make, raife, levy, and assess the fame; and the better to enable the said commissioners to make the said rates, and assess the said tax, they are hereby authorised and impowered, if they find it requisite and necessary fo to do, to and may call call upon the clerk to the commissioners cf the land tax for the to cxt^ London to produce before them the book, or books con-the land tax taining the lad assessment or assessments to the land tax upon each from the and every of the wards in the said city, and the said clerk is clerk, who hereby required to produce the fame when called upon, and also it aandr°fveCe t0 ^urn^  c°rnmifiioners  with  copies  of such parts thereof

copies, onpe- as may be by them required of him, upon receiving a reasonable nalty of a of. compensation or allowance for his trouble therein ; and in cafe he shall neglect or refuse to produce such book or books, or furnish such copies, he fhall, for every such neglect or refufal, forfeit and pay not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds; and the said commissioners shall apply the said rates, when received and recovered, in providing the quota of men, or fo many of them as shall be wanting, for the ward fo neglecting o refuflng, and to the other purposes of this a£L Commiffion- XX. And be it further ena&ed, That the said commiflioners

792

and apply , such rates;

crs to appoint may and shall appoint one proper person to be adjutant to each an adjutant regiment of the said militia, and such perfon, if appointed out of

his service in the faid

mentfwho^if bis Majesty’s other forces, fhall, during

from the army, shall preserve his rank, and m^y hold a fubaltern's commiffion, and have brevet rank of captain, without the requisite qualification, Sec.

militia, preserve his rank in the fame manner as if he had continued in that fervice, and the said commissioners may give any such adjutant a commission of a lieutenant or enfign, although such adjutant may not have the qualification required by this a£t for a lieutenant or enfign; and it shall be lawful for the said commiflioners, on the recommendation of the colonel or commanding officer of either regiment, to appoint the adjutant of such regiment to the rank of captain by brevet, provided such adjutant has served five years in the rank of lieutenant, either in the militia or in any of his Majesty’s other forces, although such adjutant may not have the qualification required by this a6t for captains : provided always, That no such appointment to the rank of captain shall be valid, unless in the instrument granting the fame it shall be specified in what regiment or battalion, and whether of the militia or of his Majesty’s other forces, such adjutant hath served in the rank of lieutenant, and what was or

were the date or dates of his commission or commiflions:

provided

5 /95-1 Aririo regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92.  793

provided alfo, That no adjutant fo appointed to the rank of captain (hall, by the date of such appointment as aforesaid, or otherwife, be entitled to the rank above, or to command any captain of a company in the said militia, nor fhall, by virtue of such appointment, be entitled to receive any greater pay, than that of a lieutenant; together with his pay as adjutant.  ^ fureeon

XXI.  And be it further eriadled, That the "faid commissioners quarter maf-

may appoint a furgcdn and quarter matter to each regiment, and ter and rcgi-alfo a regimertt&I clerk to each regiment, who (hall execute the mental clerk Office of pay matter: provided always, That no adjutant, fur- pointed^ geon, Quarter matter, or regimental clerk, shall be capable of1 ^ ' being appointed captain of a company; and no person holding a tc/be^ ? Commiffion of captain of a company shall be capable of being captain of a appointed adjutant, furgeon, quarter matter, or regimental clerk: company, provided neverthelefs. That any regimental clerk may be ap- Regimental pointed captain lieutenant.  clerk may be

XXII.  And be it further enacted, That every adjutant, regi- neutenant mental clerk; and quarter matter, to be appointed by virtue °fparQf acpu this adt, shall receive the usual pay of such offices and appoint- tants° regi’-^ rfients in other militia forces, or such other allowance as the said mental clerks, commissioners shall think proper and adequate to the fervice; quarter maf-and that serjeant majors, ferjeants, corporals, drum and fife

majors, and drummers and fifers, shall receive the fame pay as  *Ci

thofe of the reft of the militia forces of this kingdom ; and the said commissioners may make  such  civil  appointments  as  they Civil appoint*

fhall fee necessary for carrying  the  purposes  of  this  a<5t  into ments ma>' be

execution.  ma e*

XXIII.  And be it further enadfed, That the pay of the said Pay of the militia shall be ittiled by the treasurer appointed by the said com-miffioners in the fame manner as the receiver general of the treafurer, as land tax for every county, riding, or place, within that part of by thereceir * Great Britain called England, where the militia is raifed, are di- er general of redled to issue the pay of such militia by any a<51 which now is,

or hereafter shall be in force for defraying the charge of the pay  *

and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, and the fame shall be fubjectt to the regulations directed by of contained in any such adl; and the regimental or battalion Regimental clerks appointed to the said militia shall give security by bond to clerks to gwe the said commiffioners, in like manner as the clerk of each re- reeb ^ giment or battalion of militia is dirc&ed by any such act to give ments* security to his Majesty, which bonds shall be lodged with the said treafurer, and put in fuit by him in the name of the said commiffioners, in the fame manner as is directed by such and he shall be entitled to the like cofts, and five pounds per centum on the money recovered, as thereby directed, and-the re-fidue shall be accounted for by him to the said commiffionersy and the said regimental or battalion clerks shall annually deliver and pay in their accounts, and pay the balances in their hands to the said balances to treafurer, in the fame manner as the clerk of every regiment or treasurer „ battalion of militia is directed by such act to deliver in his accounts, and pay the balance in his hands to the receiver gene-

Vol.XL.

G G

ra.l



Cods of fait recoverable as by the militia adt.

Officers on half pay ferv-ing as lieutenants, &c. may receive it on taking the following

ral of the land tax for each county; and all costs and charges of fuit shall be recoverable in like manner as by the said a£fc is directed.

XXIV.  And be it further enacted. That no officer, who is entitled to half pay. (hall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such half pay during the time he shall serve as lieutenant, enfign, adjutant, regimental clerk, pay mafter, quarter mafter, or fur-geon, in the said militia, but that the fame shall nevertheless continue, and instead of the oath directed by the a£t for punifh-ing mutiny and dcfertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, to be taken by such officer, he shall take the following oath that is to fay.

oath.

4  T A. B. do fwear. That I had not, between 4 X  any  place  or  employment  of  profit,  civil

4 or military, under his Majesty, befiaes my allowance of half x pay as a reduced  in  late re-

4 giment of  save  and  except  my pay as Ueute-

4 nant, [enfign, adjutant, regimental clerk, paymafter, quarter 4 mafter, ory furgeon, as the cafe may bef] for serving in the said 4 militia/

Proportions of non-commif-fioned officers and drummers, and when to be cloathed.

Kon-commif-fioned officers to take the following oath.

And the taking of the said oath, without taking any other oath, shall be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half pay.

XXV.  And be it further enabled, That ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, shall be appointed to the said militia as follows; (that is to fay), there shall be three ferjeants, three corporals, and two drummers to each company, with the addition of one drummer to each of the flank companies; and such ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, shall be new cloathed, when not in actual fervice, once in two years, or oftner if neceflary, at the discretion of the said commiffioners; and all serjeants and corporals shall take the following oath; (that is to fay),

4 T A* B. do sincerely promise and fwear, That I will be faith-4 X ful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George^ 4 and I do fwear, that I am a Proteftant, and that I will faith-4 fully serve as a serjeant [or corporal, as the cafe may be] in the 4 said militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the de-c fence of the fame, until I shall be legally difcharged/

Colonel may And the colonel of each regiment may appoint a serjeant major appoint a fer- out of the ferjeants, and a drum major out of the drummers; ami drum*  an^  ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, having received any

major.  pay as such in the said militia, shall be deemed to be engaged,

"Non comm if- and compellable to serve in the said militia until they shall be lean ^drurn0^ discharged : provided always. That every ferjeant, corporal, mers, having anc* drummer, appointed in the said militia, shall reside in the received pay, city of London, or within one mile thereof: and provided alfo, compellable to That no person who shall keep any house of publick entertain-within a°cer-e ment>or who shall fell ale, or wine, or brandy, or other spirituous taindiftancei  liquors,

4 795*3 Amo regni tricesimo lexto Georgii III. c.  92.  795

liquors, by retail, shall be capable of being appointed, or ferving^nd (hall not as a ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the said militia.  e  *ican&#

XXVI.  And be it further enacted, That any ferjeant, cor- ^bar^enon-poral, drummer, or fifer, may be discharged by the colonel, or commissioned by the commanding officer, (with the consent of the captain of officers, and the company), and that the captain, with the approbation of the drummers, commanding officer, may appoint any proper person in the room maCfill of every ferjeant, corporal, drummer, or fifer, who shall Up vacancies, defert, or be discharged 5 all which serjeants and corporals fo appointed shall take the like oath as is herein-before required

to be taken by serjeants and corporals.

XXVII.  And be it further enacted, That in cafe the colonel Officers may and other officers of both or either regiment of the said militia

fhall be desirous of keeping up a greater number of drummers drummers, than two for each company, to be employed as fifers or musicians paying the for the use of the said militia, and (hall be willing to defray the expence, expence of such additional drummers, it shall and may be lawful for the colonel of each or either regiment to engage any additional number of drummers to aft as fifers or musicians in their respective regiments, and all such drummers fo engaged to serve in the said militia shall be deemed as drummers in the said militia, within the meaning of this aft, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject to the fame orders, regulations, penalties, and punifhments, as other drummers of militia are by this aft subject to, and shall continue to serve as drummers fo long as they shall receive the fame pay and ftoathing as other drummers have, or better cloathing; in lieu thereof, and no longer.

XXVIII.  And be it further enafted, That the said militia, Militia to be or at leaf! half thereof, appointed as aforesaid, shall be trained fucceffiyedays and exercised once in every year for twenty-eight days together, annually, and at such time and place, (not exceeding the distance of five miles subject to the from the city of London, or as to four days, part of the said mutiny aft. twenty-eight days, not exceeding ten miles from the said city),

as (hall be appointed bv the said commiffioners; and during such time as the said militia (hall be assembled for the purpose of being trained and exercifed, all the claufes, provifions, matters, and things, contained in any aft of parliament which shall then be in forte for the punifbing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, shall be in force with respect to the laid militia, and ail the officers, non-commiffioned officers, and private men of the fame fnall be fub-jeft ana liable thereto, in all cases whatfoevcr; but fo that no puniihment shall extend to lols of life or limb.  Notice of the

XXIX.  And be it further enafted. That notice of the time time and place and place of exercise of the said militia (hall be sent by the clerk be affixe^on of the said commissioners to the ward clerks, beadles, or other the church officers of the several wards of the said city, with directions to doors,and lifts cause such notice to be affixed fin the doors of the churches or the men chapels in their respective vc • and all such militia men shall f^t°hy the * duly attend at the time and place of exercife, according to such cierk to the

COG2  notice  j  colonel,

79*5

Anno regni tricesimo sexto GEORGit III. c. 92. [1795*

notice; and the said clerk {hall, ten days at lead before the time appointed for the annual exercife, tranimit to the colonel of each regiment, (or to such person as (hall be by him appointed to receive the fame), a fall and true lift, specifying the name, place of abode, and date of inrolment, of all persons inrolled to serve in their respective regiments, and (hall in like manner cause a duplicate of stich lift to be transmitted to the adjutant of each regiment.

XXX.  And be it further enabled, That every adjutant, fep-jeant major, ferjeant, corporal, drum major, drummer, and fifer, mutin* laws t^ie *a,c^  shall  be  at  all  times  subject  to any adl which

^  (hall  be  in  force  for  punishing  mutiny  and  defertion,  and  for  the

better payment of the army and their quarters, and to the articles of war, and (hall be under command of the colonel of the regiment to which he belongs; and it {hall be lawful for the

Adjutants, &c. to be

Colonel may direct the

holding courts co^one^ to dire6t the holding of courts martial, whenever such martial when regiment (hall be embodied or called out for the purpose of theregimentis annual exercife, for the trial of any serjeant major, ferjeant, cor-embodied, for p0ral, drum major, or drummer of such regiment, for any of* teaht^iors ^ence committed during the time such regiment was not embo-&c. for pre-* died or called out, but no punishment (hall extend to the loss vious offences, of life or limb.

Kon-commif- XXXI. And be it further enabled, That any serjeant or cordoned officers poral of the said militia may, by sentence of a court martial, be

may be reduced to privates.

reduced to the condition of a private soldier of the said militia, to serve as such during any time not exceeding fifteen months, after which time, if not regularly re-appointed to the rank of a non-commiffioned officer, he mall be discharged from the fervice.

Arms, See, to XXXII. And be it further enafted, That the arms, accou-the^comm^fr€ trementsi anc* cloathing, belonging to the said militia, when not fioners ftiaif on duty, or embodied, (hall be kept in such convenient place as appoint. the said commissioners shall appoint; and that new cloaths (hall Privates to be be provided for the private militia men, at leaf! once in every clothed every £ve years, when not embodied for actual fervice.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the commiffioned

live years when not em-

bodied.

Pay of the militia.

Men may be put under ftoppages.

and non-commiffioned officers of the said militia (hall receive the fame pay as those of the other militia forces of this kingdom, and no other; and when assembled for the purpose of being trained and exercifed, the private men (hall receive one {hilling per day each man ; during which time it {hall be lawful for'the captain or commanding officer of every company to put the militia men of his company under ftoppages, not exceeding sixpence per day, for the purpose of providing them with linen, and also with {lockings and other neceflaries, and for defraying the expence of repairing any arms which {hall have been broken or damaged by any such militia man's negledl: provided always, That every such captain or commanding officer {hall account with each militia man for such ftoppage, and after having deducted what (hall have been laid out and paid for the purposes aforesaid, shall pay the sum remaining (if there shall beany) 2  into

797

1795'] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii Ilf. c. 92,

into the hands of the rrjiliria man to whom the fame belongs, before such militia man fhalj be dismissed from such training and exercif<?.

XXXIV. Andy in order to prevent the privileges of the said city from being infringed by the billeting or quartering of soldiers therein y be it further enabled, That the non-commiffioned officers, Allowance drummers, fifers, and private men, serving in the said militia, ,n heu of {hall, when embodied or called out for annual exercife, or when <luartcrs* ordered out by the said commiffioners, or by the lord mayor for the time being, or other magiftrates, as herein-after directed, or in any manner be in actual service within the city of London or liberties thereof, be allowed, in lieu of quarters, at the rate of one shilling and nine-pence per week each man, to provide lodging, in addition to their pay: provided always. That if ^ot^efidin^C* fhali appear that any or either of the said ferjeauts, corporals, ^thuAhe^ drummers, or fifers, have not actually and bona fide relided with- preferibed in the said city, or within one mile thereof, according to the limits, not en-provifions of this a£t, then and in such cafe such ferjeant, cor- ^^d to wy poral, drummer, or fifer, {hall not be entitled to the said allowance, or to any part thereof.

XXXV.  J}nd for the better and more speedy execution of the premifeSy be it further enadted, That the said commissioners {hall C om million-be and are hereby required to appoint one or more treasurer or ^reafurers^and treafurers, clerk or clerks, for receiving and paying such monies cierfcs.

as {hall be received or levied by virtue of this aff, and of all which receipts and disbursements the said treasurer or treafurers, ekrk or clerks, are once in every year to give their accounts in writing, and upon oath, to the said commiffioners, which oath the said commissioners are hereby empowered and required to administer j and that a duplicate of the said account, fo far as Account erf the fame relates to the receipts and disbursements of the trophy be°dellvered° tax by thp said commiffioners, be annually certified on oath, and annuallvtothe delivered by ihe said clerk or treasurer to the mayor, aldermen, corporation and commons of the city of London, in common council affem- before a new bled, previous to the making of any new rate or assessment of rate 1S mac*e# the trophy tax.

XXXVI.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That  ^

the said commissioners fhali, and they are hereby required to treasurers take such security from the treasurer or treafurers, clerk or and clerks, clerks, to be appointed by virtue of this a61, for the due execution of their respective offices, as (hall be satisfactory to the said commiffioners.

XXXVII.  And be it further enabled. That in all cafes of In cafe of in-adlual invafion, or upon imminent danger thereof, and in all

cafes of rebellion or in fur region', it fhali be lawful for his Ma- ^yorderthe jefty (the occasion being first communicated to parliament, if militia to be the parliament fhali be then fitting, or declared in council, and embodied, notified by proclamation, if no parliament {hall be then fitting subject to the or in being), to order and dire£l the said commissioners with all mutm^ aws* convenient speed to draw out and embody the said militia, or ffich p'^rt as his Majesty {hall in his wisdom judge neceffary, and

G g g 3  in

His Majesty within 12 months from

798  Anno  regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795,

in such manner as shall be best adapted to the circumstances of the danger; and the officers, non-commiffioned officers, drummers, fifers, and private men of the said militia fhall, from the time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and until they {hall by his Majesty’s orders be difembodied, be subject and liable to all the provisions contained in any a61 of parliament which shall be then in force for punishing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and such a£t (hall be in force with respect to the said militia, and shall extend to all the officers, non-commiffioned -officers, drummers, fifers, and private men, in all cafes what-foever.

XXXVIII.  And whereas the militia of this kingdom is now drenvn out and embodied, be it therefore further enadled, That it

paffing this a<fr shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by warrant under his figri out manual, at any time within twelve calendar months from and uc mi itia 5 a^ter tjle passing 0f this a61, to draw out and embody the said militia of the city of London, or such part thereof as his Majefly shall in his wisdom judge neceffary, subject to the reflri&ions and regulations hereinafter directed •> and from the time of their being fo drawn out and embodied, and until they shall by his Majefly’s orders be difembodied, the officers, non-commiffioned officers, drummers, fifers, and private men of the said militia, shall be fubje6l and liable to the fame penalties as are hereinbefore directed in other cafes when the said militia shall be embodied.

XXXIX.  And be it further enabled, That, from the date of his Majefly’s warrant for the embodying and drawing out the said militia into actual fervice, and until they shall be disembodied by his Majesty’s orders, the officers, non-ccmmiffioned of-

mentsoffcot; ficers, and private men of the fame, shall be entitled to the comSffioned ^ame Pay as 01^cers* non-commiffioned officers, and private "  '  men  of his Majefly’s other regiments of foot receive, and no

other; and if any non-commiffioned officer or private man of the said militia shall be maimed or wounded in a6lual fervice, he shall be equally entitled to the benefit of Cheljia hospital with any non-commiffioned officer or private man belonging to any of his Majefly’s forces.

XL. And be it further ena-ffed, That when the said militi^ shall be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for his Majefly to put one regiment of the said militia under the command of such general officers as his Majesty shall be pleafec( to appoint, and to direct the said regiment to be led, by its refPe^ve Pfficers5 for the repelling and preventing of any invasion, and for the iuppreffion of any rebellion or infurredlion, to any place not exceeding the diftancemf twelve miles from the said city, or to the nearest place of encampment beyond the said distance of twelve miles; and the other regiment shall remain in the city of London, or the liberties or suburbs thereof, for the defence of the said city and liberties and fuburbs.

XLI. And

and when drawn out to be entitled to the fame pay as other regi-

officers and privates to Chellea hofpital.

When drawn out, his Ma-jefty may put one regiment under the command of general officer; to a certain uiitarice.

2795*1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III, c. 92.  799

XLI. And be it farther enadled, That when the said militia Commiffion-fhall be embodied or drawn out into actual fervice, and during ers. ap“ the time they (hall continue in actual fervice, the said commif- ^°,n anagen 4 fioners may appoint an agent to the said militia, and the said commissioners shall take security from such agent.

XLII. And be it further enaded, That every militia man. Militia men being sworn in and enrolled, and every ferjeant, corporal, drum- ffibjed to mer, and fifer, raised bv virtue of this ad, or by virtue of the c^io^as^far said two several ads, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth relates to pe-years of the reign of his present Majesty, for better ordering the nalties for not said militia, shall be subject to every claufe, provifion, matter, attending an-and thing, contained in the said ad of the twenty-fixth year of f^dcfcrttnc* the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for amending &c#  *

and reducing into one aft of parliament the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, as far as relates to the penalties and punishments of militia men, fer-jeants, corporals, and drummers, for not attending the annual exercife, for deserting during it, for not appearing when ordered to be embodied, for inlifting into the army, or offering fo to inlift, or inlifting into any other militia ; or for felling or pawning their arms, accoutrements, or cloaths, or neglecting or refusing to return them in good order, and shall be proceeded against in manner directed by the said ad; and all provisions and directions in the said ad, for the apprehension and pursuit of deferters, shall be deemed to extend to this act, and the said militia men shall be entitled to the fame bounty, when ordered to march to any encampment, by his Majesty’s orders, as is granted by the said ad to other militias on being marched out of their rcfpedive counties; and every person having served Married mifi® in the said militia, when embodied and drawn out into actual **a ™ay fervice, being a married man, may fet up and exercise any p^rt^of Great trade in any town or place in Great Britain, as directed by the Britain, said ad.

XLIII. And be it further enaded, That when the said mi- Militia when litia, or any part thereof, having been fo embodied and drawn <h^mbodied out into actual service as aforelaid, shall be again difembodied, the orders t<? and the officers and private men thereof dismissed to return to they were fub-their several places of abode, the officers, non*commiffioned je& to before officers, drummers, and private men, shall be subject only to the drawn out. fame orders, diredions, and engagements as they are made subject to under this ad, before being fo embodied and drawn out into actual service as aforefaid.

XLIV. And be it further enaded. That for defraying the How the pay, necessary charges of pay, cloathing, trophies, and other inci-dental expences of the said militia, it shall be lawful for the said defrayed, commissioners to raise and levy in every year, to commence and be computed from the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, the proportion of one month’s tax, amounting to four thousand fix hundred and fixty-fix pounds thirteen (hillings and four-pence, which the said city hath been *fed to pay, by virtue of an ad of parliament, passed in the thir-

g g g 4.  teenth

Soo

Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795? teenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An afl for ordering the forces in the jeveral counties in this kingdom, apd the said commiffiqners (hall be accountable for the fame, and in addition thereto the receiver general of the land tax for the said city fhall, and he is hereby required to issue and pay annually to the treasurers appointed by the said commiffioners, upon his producing an order of the court of lieutenancy for that purpose, signed by nine commiffioners, fo much money as shall be neceflary, in aid of the trophy tax^ towards the expence of training, exercifing, paying, employing, and keeping in readinefs, the said militia, and other incidental expences relating thereto \ and the receipt of the said treafurer^ indorsed on the said order, shall be a sufficient discharge to the said receiver general for the money fo to be ilfued and paid by him* XLV. Provided always, That any thing in this a£l contained shall not extend to annul or affect the rate or assessment of the trophy tax heretofore made, by virtue of his Majesty’s warrant for raising the said tax for one year, commencing from Chriftmas one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or fo much thereof as now remains uncolledted, or not accounted for to the faicj' commiffioners.

XLVI. And be it further enabled. That whep the said militia {ball not be embodied, according to the provisions of this a&, it shall and may be lawful for the said commiffioners, when and fo not embodied, often as it (hall seem to them requisite and neceflary, to order the and reviewed ferje3nts> corporals, and privates of the said two regiments, or and to be kept cither of them, or fo many of them as to {he said commiffioners, in readiness may seem expedient, to be put in polio (ft on of their cloaths, arms, to be put un- anc| accoutrements, and to be infpefted, trained, and reyieweq of the 1 ^r<ferS °^ten as  commissioners  shall think fit and neceflary,

Qr ' ' r and with their proper officers, or such officers as they fl>all appoint^ to be kept in constant readiness to be put under the orders of the lord mayor, or any three or more of the magistrates of the said city, who (hall have power and authority to call out the whole of the f<aid officers, ferjeants, corporals, and privates, or any part of them, for the suppression of riots, or any other duty for whiclt they may be required, for ;he better prefervatjon of the peace the said city.

XLVII. Provided always, That it shall and may he lawful, in cafe of any sudden emergency, for the said lord mayor, or any three or more of the magistrates of the city of London for the time being, by an order in writing to the colonel or colonel, or commanding officers of both or either of the said regiments, to c*dl out the whole of the said officers, ferjeants, corporals, and privates, or any part of them, for the suppression of any riots or tumults, or for the more efteclually guarding against the fame, and to order the said officers, ferjeants, corporals, and privates, to be put into poffiffion of their cloaths, arms, and accoutrements, for the purposes aforefajd ; and the said colonel or commanding officer, upon receipt of the said order, (hall immediately obey the fame to the belt of his power, and appoint a proper commanding

officer

Aft not to affect the trophy tax commencing Chriftmas, 1792.

The commif-iioners may order the militia, when

mayor or magiftrates;

who may call the whole or part out for the suppression of riots;



in which cafe a court of

j795 ] Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92.  801

officer to command and lead forth the fatd ferjeants, corporals, drummers, and privates, fo called out by the said order: provided, That in any such cafe it (hall be incumbent upon the said a court ot lord mayor, within twenty-four hours after the making and ls to fending of such order, to summon and hold a court of lieutenancy, moned, to and to such court, or to the fir ft court that (hall be holden after whom the the making and issuing such order, the lord mayor, or the magif-trates making and issuing such order, shall report his or their pro- be reported, peedings, and reasons for calling out of the said officers, ferjeants, corporals, and privates, or such part of them as may have been fo called out, and the said coqrt shall thereupon make such further order therein, with respect to the continuing out or calling in the said officers, ferjeants, corporals, or privates, or such of them as may have been called out as aforesaid, as they shall deem expedient: provided, That in cafe a sufficient number of his Majesty's ^nlber^f^^ commissioners of lieutenancy shall not assemble to make a court commifljonw within the said twenty-four hours, that then and in that cafe the ers to make said lord mayor shall issue forth a fresh summons to hold a court a court shall v/itnin twenty-four hours after the issuing such fresh fummons, j?^***^' and in cafe the said court shall not afTemble within the said next m0nstobc twenty-four hours, that then and in that cafe the said lord mayor ifhied. shall continue to issue a fresh summons once in every twenty-four hours, until a sufficient number of commissioners of lieutenancy shall have afiembled to make a court of lieutenancy; and that in the mean time and until the assembling and holding the said court, it shall be lawful for the said lord mayor, in cafe the order was issued by or from the lord mayor, or if issued by three or more magiftrates, then by the magistrates who issued such order, to continue out on duty, or to dismiss the said commanding officers, ferjeants, corporals, drummers, and privates, or fo many of them as he or they shall think expedient; and the said officers and men, when fo called out in either cafe as aforesaid, and thole who shall by the said commissioners be put in poffeftion of their cioaths, arms, and accoutrements, to be kept in constant readi-nefs, as aforesaid, shall be subject to the penalties and provisions of any ad that shall be then in force for the punishment of mutiny and defection, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and to be entitled to the fame pay as when assembled for their annual exercife.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every militia man who shall not appear when called out by the said commiffioners, for not ap_ or lord mayor, or any three or more magistrates as aforesaid, for pearing when the suppression of riots, or any other duty, for the preservation of called out by the peace of the said city, within the times hereafter mentioned, after notice shall have been given or left at his last or usual place \QV& m^y0r# of abode, shall be lubjed to the following penalties ; (that is to or magif. fay), every ferjeant, corporal, drummer, and fifer, who shall not trates. appear at the place, and within two hours of the time appointed by the said notice, shall forfeit the sum of forty fhillings, if not within four hours five pounds, and if not within fix hours, to be deemed a deferter, and proceeded against as such; and that every

private



8o %

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795.

private man in the said militia, who fha]] be receiving pay at the time of being fo ordered out, who shall not appear at the time and place appointed for that purpose within two hours of the time appointed by the said notice, shall forfeit (he sum of twenty (hillings, and if not within four hours, fifty (hillings, and if not within fix hours, to be deemed a deferter, and proceeded againft: as such ; and that every private man of the said militia, who shall not be receiving pay at the time of being fo ordered out, who shall not appear at the time and place appointed by the said notice, shall forfeit the sum of ten (hillings, and if not within twelve hours twenty (hillings, and if not within twenty-four hours, to be deemed a deferter, and proceeded against as such: provided always. That no prosecution or proceeding shall be had or commenced against any such private militia man not receiving pay at the time of being called out as aforesaid, without the order of the said court of lieutenancy.

XLIX. And in order that the families of perfns serving in the said militia may have ike relief hereinafter directed\ be it further en-The alder- adted, That the alderman, or deputy, and common councilmen dividelthe0^ eac^  war(3s, or the major part of them, shall  divide

quota of men the quota of men r-aifed in each ward, whether the fame (hall amongst the have been raised by the said aldermen, deputy or common cour>-> parifhes, and oilmen, or the major part of them, or by the said commilTioners whkh^each by virtue of this adt, amongst the parishes within such ward, and ferves, that specify for which parish each man ferves, in order that the the parish of- churchwardens or overseers of the poor of such parish may be ficers may he resorted to for defraying the expences of providing for the fami-defta^n^h^ ^es  Per*°ns serving in the militia as may become entitled

expences of t0 relief, in manner as by this adt directed ; and in cafe the alder-their families, men, or deputy, and common councilmen of either or any of the said wards, or the major part of them, shall omit or neglect to divide the said quotas of men among the parishes in such refpecr tive wards, in manner herein-before directed, the said commif-fioners (hall and are hereby required, autborifed, and empowered, to make such division for such ward or wards, and fro order the parifh, or parishes for which such person or persons shall be allotted to ferve, to be entered upon the roll herein-before directed to be provided for the inrolment of the said militia men, in order that the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of such parish or parishes may be resorted to for defraying the expences of providing for the families of such perfons, serving in the said militia, as may become entitled to relief, in manner as by this adt is directed 5 and the clerk of the said commissioners is hereby required to deliver to the churchwardens or overseers of the parishes and liberties of the said city, from time to time, lifts of the said men that are allotted to such parishes and liberties as aforesaid,

L. IVhereas the families of persons serving in the said militia, when embodied and called into actual fervice, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the parijhes or liberties wbereunio they are allotted.y by the regulation of this  and the families offerjeants, corpo-

rally drummeriy and fiferSy serving therein, when embodied and

called

1795'] Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92.  803

called into actual fervice, and ordered to march, may become chargeable to the pari/h to which they belong, and it is necejjary provision Jhould be made for such fa?nilies; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person serving in the (aid militia, If non-com-or any person serving in the room or place of any man originally inrolled to serve therein, or any ferjeant, corporal, drummer, mer^orpri^ fifer, serving therein, fhall, when embodied and called out intOvates*, when aClual fervice, and ordered to march, leave a family unable to ordered to support themfelves, the overseer or overseers of the poor of the Jnar<^1* parifh, liberty, tything, or tovvnfhip, where the family of such militia man shall dwell, fhall, by the order of some one justice of the overfeers*, the peace, out of the rates for the relief of the poor of such parifh, by order of a liberty, tything, or townfhip, pay to such family such weekly juffice, to re-allowance as to such justice shall seem expedient, not exceeding ^ekly out of the ordinary price of one day’s labour, for each and every child the poor born in wedlock, and under the age of ten years, and for the wife rates, of such militia man, whether she shall or shall not have any child or children, and provided she does not follow the regiment; and in every parifh, liberty, tything or townfhip, where the money arising by such rates lhall not be sufficient for the purposes aforesaid, a new rate or rates shall be made for raising a sum sufficient for that purpose; and in cafe any such militia man shall not be Treafurer to

allotted to the parish or liberty where his family shall dwell, or the thecommif-'  *  j  *  lioncrs ^

family of any such ferjeant, corporal, drummer, or fifer, shall not imburfeparii(h

belong to the parifh, liberty, tything, or townfhip, where such officers, if the

family shall dwell at the time of marching as aforesaid, then every men are not

fuch weekly allowance shall be forthwith reimbursed to the over-

feer or overseers of such parifh, liberty, tything, or townfhip, by fhefamily^

the treasurer to the said commiflioners, on his or their producing dwells,

and leaving with the said treasurer a certificate of the order of the

juftice allowing such relief, which certificate the said justice is

hereby required to grant accordingly.

LI. Provided always, and be it enaefted, That in such cafes in Treafurer to which the said treasurer shall reimburse to any overseer or over-feers of the poor of any parifh, liberty, tything, townfhip, or vill,  which1the

any sum or funis of money, paid in pursuance of the directions of men are this a6t, on account of the weekly allowance to the family of any allotted, of the persons aforesaid, serving in the said militia, who shall not he allotted or belong to the parish or liberty where such family {hall dwell, the money fo reimbursed by the said treasurer (hall be repaid him by the overseer or overseers of the parish or liberty to which such militia man shall be allotted or belong, and the said treasurer shall lay an account of the monies fo paid by him before the justices of the peace for the said city, at their next general or quarter feffions, tor their allowance thereof, and the faidjuflices {hall, and they are hereby required to allow the fame accordingly, and forthwith to make an order for the overseers of the poor of the parish or liberty to which such militia man shall be allotted or belong to make good the fame to the said treasurer out of the poor’s rates of such parish or liberty; and all payments fo made by such overseer or overfeers,. in pursuance of such order or orders

of



Penalty of xol. on parish officers for not paying money ordered by _ juftices, which may be levied by diftrefs*

Application ot penalty.

Appeal may be made to the Quarter fef. nons, who may finally determine the matter and award cofts*

Allowances to families not to compel them to be sent to work-houfes, nor to deprive the husbands of their legal

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92, [1795%

of such justice or juftices, shall be allowed and passed in their re-fpe<ftive accounts.

LII. And be it further enafted, That if any churchwarden or overseer of the poor fhall, on demand made in pursuance of any order of any justice or justices of the peace, to be granted in either cafe as aforesaid, for the payment of any sum of money, and after the producing of the said order to him, refuse or neglect to pay and satisfy the sum or sums of money directed to be paid in or by such order, every such churchwarden or overseer of the poor fo refusing or neglecting to make such payment fhall, for every such negledt, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnefTes, or by the confession of the party accufed, before the justice making such order, or any other justice of the peace of the county, city, or place, whpre the offence shall be committed, which said justice is hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint; made in that behalf, to summon the party accufed, and to examine into the matter of fads, and upon due proof thereof as aforesaid to give judgement for such penalty, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, in cafe the fame shall not be forthwith paid, by warrant under the hand and feal of such juftice, causing the overplus, if any, after deducting the charges of such distress and fale, to be rendered to the party; and the penalty fo adjudged (hall be paid, one moiety thereof to the party aggrieved, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the pariih.

LIU. And be it further enacted, That if any person (hall find himself aggrieved by any such order of any justice or justices of the peace for the payment of any such sum of money as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such person to appeal to the justices of the peace, at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace of the fame county, riding, divifion, city, or place, when any demand, in pursuance of such order, shall be made as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the fame ; and it shall be lawful for the said juftices, at such feffions, to award and order, where they shall fee occafion, the payment of such sum and sums of money, which such appellant, as churchwarden or overseer of the poor, ought to have paid in pursuance of such order made by virtue of this adl, and hath neglected to pay, in manner aforefaid; and in every such cafe the said juftices, at the said general or quarter feffions, may award and order to the party for whom and in whose behalf such appeal shall be determined, or to whom notice of appeal shall have been given, such costs and charges in the law as they shall think reafonable: provided always, That the respective allowances, which may be made as aforesaid to the families of ferjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers, and of persons serving in the said militia, shall not occasion such families to be removeable, or compelled to be sent to any workhouse or poor houfe, nor shall such ferjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers, and private men, serving in the

faid

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto GeoUgii III. c. 92.  805

faid militia, be thereby deprived of their legal settlements elfe-where, nor of their right of voting for the election off members to serve in parliament*

LIV. And be it farther ena&ed, That the adjutants appointed or to be appointed to the said militia, who shall by age or infirmity be rendered unfit for further fervices, shall be entitled to the fame provision as is allowed to other adjutants of militia, by any act that now is or hereafter shall be in force for defraying the charge of. the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England; and that any person being a serjeant on the eftabliihment of CbeJfea at an allowance of twelve-pence per day, and being appointed to serve in the said militia, (hall and may receive the said allowance of twelve-pence per day, together with his pay from the said militia, in like manner as in other militia forces; and any perion who shall have served as a ferjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the said militia, who shall be difenarged for age or infirmity, fhall, on a recommendation from the commanding officer of the regiment to which he belongs, and a court of the said commiffioners, be equally entitled to the benefit of Chelfea Hofpital with the ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, of the other militia forces of this kingdom.

fettlements or right of Voting for members of parliament.

Adjutants to h*ve the fame allowances a& in other regi-meiits*

Serjeants may receive their allowance on the eftablifh-ment of Chd-fea.

Non-commif-fioned officers and drummers entitled to the benefit of Chelfea hofpital.

LV. And be it further enabled, That the acceptance of a Acceptance of

commifiion in the said militia shall not vacate the feat of any co™m,ffi°n«

,  , A r  J  not to vacate

member returned to (erve tn parliament; and that no person feats jn par_

being an officer in the said militia (hall be compelled to serve the liament.

office of fherifF.  Officers not

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no liable to ferve

officer or private militia man of the said militia (hall be liable to a$

any penalty or punifhment, for or on account of his absence Militia men

during the time he (hall be going to vote at any eledHon of a y^^^not

member to serve in parliament, or during the time he shall be pumfhable for

returning from such election.  going to elec-

LVII. And be it further enadled, That the colonel or other tIons-

commanding officer of each regiment shall and is hereby re- A state of the

quired as often as the said regiment shall be called out to annual eii called

exercife, as before directed, to return to the said commissioners a o^to annual

true state of such regiment; and in cafe the colonel or command- exercife, to be

ing officer of either or both regiments shall refuse or negledt, for returned to

the space of three calendar months after the said annual exercife, commif-

fo to do, he fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum pemaUy^

of one hundred pounds.  100I. 7

LVIIl. And be it further enabled, That no ferjeant, coporal, No ferjeant,

drummer, or fifer, of the said militia, or any private man, from compel-

the time of his enrolment until he shall be regularly discharged to ierve

from the said militia, (hall be compelled to serve as a peace officer pariffi^fficer,

or parish officer, or to serve in any of his Majesty’s sea forces. or in the navy.

LIX. And be it further enacSted, That the provisions of an a4Geo. a.

aeff, pafied in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late c. 44. to ex-

majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the render- tend 10 the

ing jujiices of the peace more faf* in the execution of their office, and

for miflioners,

8o6

Anno regni tricesimo fextoGEORGii ill c. 92,

i1795>

Officers of city militia to fit only on trials of officers and fol-diers of other militia regiments, See,

A6t not to prejudice the rights of the city.

afTefibrs, and for indemnifying confables and others a51 ing in obedience to their war-collectors. rants, (hall extend to the said mayor and aldermen, and atfo to his Majesty’s said commiffioners, and the assessors and collectors, in the execution of this aCt, or any other which relates to the said militia, in like manner and as fully and effectually as the fame extends to justices of the peace acting in the execution of their office.

LX. And be it further enaCted, That no officer fer'ving in the' said militia shall fit on any court martial upon the trial of any officer or soldier serving in any of his Majesty’s forces, other* than militia forces, nor shall any officer serving in any of his Majesty’s forces, other than the militia forces* fit on any court martial upon the trial of any officer or private man serving in the said militia.

LXI. And, in order that the rights and privileges of the city of London may not be infringed, be it further enacted, That this a£t, or any thing herein contained, shall not diminish pr be prejudicial to the rights, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, to which the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or the freemen citizens or inhabitants of the said city, or the suburbs and liberties of the fame, or of all privileged places within the limits and precincts thereof, as well within the liberties as without, are entitled to enjoy by prefeription, aCf of parliament, charter, or ufage, but the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and freemen citizens and inhabitants of the said city, shall and may continue to enjoy all and singular the said rights, liberties, ufages, cuftoms, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner as if this a6t had not been made.

LXIL And whereas the said militia being an amendment or regulation of the ancient trained bands of the city of London, be it enadted, That the said militia already raifed, and to be raised by virtue of this a<3, shall pofiefs and enjoy all and singular the rights and privileges which were poflefTed and enjoyed by the ancient trained bands of the city of London, and which are not varied, altered, or taken away by this a<5h

LXIII. And be it further enabled, That all fines, penalties, ^enaKies011 anc* ^or^e^tures h}7 this a<^ inipofed, which shall exceed the sum of P ’ twenty pounds, shall be recoverable by a<ftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVcjl^ minfer, wherein no privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this adf impofed, which shall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, fhall, on proof upon oath of the offence before the mayor or any other magistrate of the said city, or any justice of the peace for the county, liberty, or place, where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of the said mayor, magiftrate, or other juftice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducing the charges of such distress and fale, to the person whose goods and chattels shall have

been

Militia to enjoy the rights of i he trained bands.

Recovery and

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Geor'gix III. c. 92.  7

been fo distrained and fold, and for want of fufEcient distress the said mayor, magiflrate, or juftice, is hereby required in all cafes (when no particular time of commitment is by this act directed) to commit such offender to prison where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three calendar months; and the money arising by all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, the application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this adl, shall be paid to the treasurer appointed by the said cornmifiioneis, to be applied for the general purposes of this act.

LXIV. And be it further enadled, That where any distress Diftrefs not shall be made for any sum or firms of money to be levied by vir- -unlawful for tue of this adl, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, Wan °r °rm* nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaffers, on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaffers, ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done or committed by the party or parties diflraining, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the special damage by an action on the cafe.

LXV". Provided always, and be it further enadled, That no No rate or rate or afTefiment, nor any order to be made, or proceeding to be P^oc^^^to had, or any other matter or thing to be done, tranfadied in, or for^nt of relating to the execution of this adl, by the said court of mayor form, orre-and aldermen, or by his Majesty’s commissioners of lieutenancy moveable by for the time being, or the afteffors or colledlors acting under the Certiorari, authority of this adl, or by the court of quarter sections of the said city, shall be vacated or quashed for want of form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or by any other writ or process whatfoever, into any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wcjitninjier, any law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary notwith-flanding: provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any action for such irregularity, trefpafs, or other proceedings, if tender of sufficient amends shall have been made by or the on behalf of the party or parties, who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such irregularity, trefpafs, or wrongful proceedings, before such action brought; and in cafe no such tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such adlion, by leave of the court where any such action shall depend, at any time before iftue joined, to pay into the court such sum of moneyas he or they shall think fit, whereupon such proceedings, or order and judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other adfcions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

LXVI. And be it further enabled. That if any action (hall be Limitation of brought against any person for any thing done in pursuance of a&ions. this adl, such action or fuit shall be commenced within fix ca-lendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards^ and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arife, and not elsewhere * and the defendant or defendants

8o8 Anne regni tricesimo sexto Geo^gi! Ill* t. 93^97 [ 1 j()§i General iflue, ants in every such action or fuit may plead the general ifTue, and give this ad and the special matter in evidence at any trial to Be had thereupon ; and if the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants* in afiy action or fuit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonfuited* dr difeontinue his or their action or fuit after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if on demurrer judgement mall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs. Treble cofts. the defendant or defendants shall have treble coifs, and have the like reniedy for the fame rts any defendant hath in other cafes to recover costs by law.

Publick aft. LX VII. And be it further ena£led, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, juhices, and other perions whomfoever, without specially pleading the lame.

cap xcur.

An aft to amend and render more effectual an aft, mad£ in the thirty-firit year of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the harbour of Swanfea, in the county of Glamorgan, and for making improvements in the lights at the Mumbles.

CAP. XCIV.

An aft for btlildiiig a bridge OVer the river Jtchin, at or near Northam, within the liberties of the town, and cotmty of the town of Southampton, and for making a road from the said town to the said bridge, and from thence to communicate with the road leading from Weft End to Botley, in the county of Southampton.

CAP, XCV.

An aft for authorifuig the company df proprietors of the Warwick and Braunfton canal navigation to vary the coiirfe of a certain part of the said canal, and for amending and altering the aft made in the thirty* fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

C A P. XCVI.

An aft to explain and amend an aft, palled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Severn, at Shrewfbury, in the county of Salop, to the river Merfey, at or near Netherpool, in the county of Chefter; and also for making and maintaining certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal; and for varying and altering certain parts of the course of the laid canal and collateral cuts between Ruabon and Chefter, and for making and maintaining several other branches and collateral cuts to communicate therewith.

C A P. XCVII.

An aft to enable bis Majesty, in right of his duchy of Lancafter, to make a grant of certain lands, for the purpose of carrying into execution an aft, pasted in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the county of Weftmorland, to Weft Hough* ton, in the county palatine of Lancafter; and also a navigable branch from the said intended canal, at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg ; and also another navigable branch from, at, or near Gale Mofs, by Chorley, to or near Puxpury, in the said county palatine of Lancafter.

CAP.

• 1795-] Anno regni tricefimc? sexto Georgii III. c. 98—104. 809 CAP. XCVIII.

An a<5l for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving the haven of the town and port of Great Grimfby, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. XCIX.

An a£t ;for the more effectually embanking, draining, preferring, and m« proving certain low lands and grounds, lying and being in the several parilhes or townships of Everton, Scaftworth, Grindley on the Hill,

Mifterton, and Walkeringham, in the county of Nottingham.

CAP. C.

An a<5t for draining and improving, and for incloling, dividing, and allotting, certain tracts of common and waste lands, called Marfhland Smeeth, and Marfhland Fen, lying within the country of Marfhland, in the county of Norfolk ; and for Hinting and regulating' the flocking, feeding, and depafturing of the said fmeeth and fen, until the inclofure, diviiion, and allotment thereof.

CAP. CL

An a<51 for dividing, allotting, incloling, draining, embanking, and improving the open and common fields, ings, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the several townships of Morton, Walkerith, Ealt Stockwith, Bliton, Wharton, Pilham, and Gilby, in the several parilhes of Gainfburgh, Bliton, and Pilham, in the county of Lincoln.

C A P. CIL

An a<5l for the better relief and employment of the poor of the several parilhes within the city of Lincoln, and county of the fame city, and of the parish of Saint Margaret, part whereof lies within the said city, and the other part in the close of Lincoln, in the county of Lincoln.

C A P. CIIL

An adt for re-building the parish church of Saint Martin Outwich, in Threadneedte-ftreet, within the city of London.

CAP. CIV.

An a<5t for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery,—[May 18, 1796.]

780,000k to be raised by a lottery, to conlift of 60,000 tickets, at 13I. each. All perlons who have made depolits of ik tos. for each ticket, pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their fubfcriptions, at the times following, viz. ih 10s. by June 3,1796,—zk by July 15,—zk by Align ft 19,—zk bv September 16,—zk by Odtober zr,—and the remaining zl. by November 18; and the contributors for each 13k advanced, (hall be entitled to such lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned ; and thole that pay contributions before October zr, to be allowed discount at 3k per cent, per annum, and to have lottery tickets delivered at 13k each. Cafhier to give security to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the treafury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commiffioners of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid in by the cafhier. 500,000k the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any supplies granted this felHon. Managers and direflors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the calhiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Calhiers to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of money received and paid in. Undifpofed tickets to~be.de*>

VOL, XL.  HHH  Xiver-ed

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 104. [1795.

livered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or filk; and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box, to be locked up and fealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 60,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. Three prizes of 20,000k—Four of 10,cod.—Five of 5,000k— Five of 2,000k—Eight of i,oool.—fifteen of 500k—Fifty of look—One hundred and eighteen of 50k—and nineteen thousand eight hundred of 17k—1,000k to the first drawn ticket, and i,cooh to the lait drawn ticket. Tickets in the outermost column of the hit mentioned books, to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), £cc. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on February 6, 1797. Method to be oblerved in drawing, fee. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed. Difputes to be adjured by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, &c. Offenders (not in prifon) difeovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon and fifty pounds reward. Provifo. Managers to be fworn. Caihier may receive the sums fubferibed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the fame, which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket tor every 13k paid. After June 3, 1796, the cashier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the sum actually fubferibed; and shall give receipts for the refulue of such sums after de-dubbing the value of the tickets fo delivered. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their depofits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, &c. C’Ommiffioners of the treasury may reward, the managers, &c. as they shall think fit. The 5cc,ocok for the payment of the fortunate tickets to be charged on any lupplies granted this session ; and shall be paid to the proprietors without any deduction on July 1, 1797, Szc. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and figned, &c. Commiffioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this adh No fee to be, taken for receiving or paying contribution monies for receipts, &c. on penalty of 20k No perfqn to take down the number of the tickets at the time of drawing, unless employed as a clerk, or licensed fo to do. Perfons fo licensed to receive Irom the stamp office numerical books, which shall be stamped on every leaf. Commiffioners to grant such licences only on account of licensed lottery offices. Penalty on unlieenfed persons taking down or publishing the numbers of tickets drawn, &c. On complaint" the magistrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Perfons in the actual commission of such offence may be apprehended by any perlbn and carried before a magiftrate, who may commit the offender, if penalty be not paid. Application of penalties. 50I. penalty on persons summoned as witnesses not appearing, &c. Commiffioners shall not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery tickets, unless it ill all appear that the party is able to answer the penalty required by law, and he shall have depolited a certain number of tickets. See. Perfons to whom licences are granted to give bond agreeably to 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. At the end of twelve months after expiration of licences the commissioners may give up bonds or put them in fait. Licences of persons neglecting to depofit, or divide into fhares,- fifty tickets to be void, and ,the defaulters to be pub!ifiled in the Gazette, &c. In cafes where licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. are declared void in such cafes. Licences granted after the commencement of this aCt, lhall be void for offences against this aCt, or 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. Licences may be refused to persons convifted. 20k penalty on persons continuing on their houses the words, “ Licenfed to deal in Lottery Tickets,” after expiration of their licences, Sec. Executors, Szc may be authorised to carry on bufi-nefs ior the residue of the term of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other shares than halves, quarters, eighths, and ftxteenths, on penalty of 50k Application and recovery of penalties. Perfons counterfeiting fhares, &c. guilty of felony. Perfons preparing or having in their cultody any register or lift of tickets, but as in this a (ft particularized, or keeping any place for examining tickets, by any other than such lifts, &c.

....  •  to

1795.] Anno regni tricefirrwfexto Georgii III. c. 105, 106. 8x1

to forfeit 50I. On complaint on oath of offences against 27 Geo. 3. c, 1. whereby the parties may be liable to punishment as rogues, justices may authorise persons to break open houfes, See. Perfons discovered in such houfes, concerned in carrying on illegal tranfactions, to be punished as rogues, and may be arrelted, Sec. Perfons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal tranfaftions, to be deemed rogues and vagabonds.

Manner in which anions for penalties shall be commenced. Where the amount of penalties filed for is not inserted in writs, the defendant to be served with a copy of the procefs, &c. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds may be committed. Proceedings not removeable by Certiorari.

General iffue. Treble ccfts.

CAP. CV.

An a<5t for granting to his Majesty the sum of 2oo,oool. to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by thejn placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduddon of the national debt. —[May 18, 1796.]

CAP. CVI.

An att to amend an aEl, made in the Lift ftjfion of parliament, in* tituled, An adt to amend an act, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, c An a£t for regulating the allowance of the drawback, and payment of the . bounty on the exportation of fugar, and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in foreign (hips; and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars exported in any other than Britijh (hips.’—[May 18, 1796.]

WHEREAS an a8 was made in the loft fefjton of parliament, intituled\ An a& to amend an a6t, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, c An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of fugar, and for permitting the importation of sugar and. coffee into the Baha?na and Bermuda illands in foreign (hips; and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars exported in any other than Bi'itijh (hips:7 and whereas it is expedient to alter the periods at which the average prices of sugar shall be taken during the present year \ be it therefore enabled by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the said aft as provides, that if on the twenty-third day of Augujl one thouland seven hundred and ninety-fix, the average price of brown or Mulcovado fugar, taken in the manner directed by an aft made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall not exceed the price therein mentioned, that then and in such cafe the drawback and bounty on the exportation of sugar should not be paid and allowed, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed,

II. And be it further -enabled, That if on the twenty-third day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and on the twenty-third day of February, twenty-third day of Auguft,

HHH2  and

Preamble.

35 Geo. 3. c. no, recited.

So much of recited adt as provides, that if, on Auguft *3>1796, the average price of brown sugar shall not exceed a certain price, the drawback and bounty should not be paid, repealed.

And if the average price shall not at the periods herein men*



*

8i2 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107—no. [1795.

tioned exceed and twenty-third day of October, in the year one thousand seven the drawback hundred an^ ninety-seven, the average prices'of brown or Muf-an-d bounty to covado fugar, taken in the manner directed by the said aft made be paid. in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the fix weeks preceding, (hall not exceed fixty-five {hillings for an hundred weight, exclufiveof the duty of customs paid or payable thereon, on the importation thereof into Great Britain, then and - in such cafe the drawback and bounty on the exportation of sugar shall be paid and allowed; any thing in the said recited aft or acts to the contrary notwithftanding.

Continuance III. And jt further enafted, That the provisions of this °L  aft shall have continuance until and upon the thirty-firft day of

December one thousand feveil hundred and ninety-fix,‘and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. CVII.

An adt for continuing the encouragement and reward of persons making certain difeoveties for finding the longitude at fea, or making other uieful difeoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto.—[May 18, 1796.]

CAP. CVIII.

An adt to continue several laws, therein-mentioned, relating to the better encouragement of the making of fail doth in Great Britain, to the en-couragingthe manufadlurc of British fail doth, and securing the duties on foreign fail doth imported ; to securing the duties upon foreign made fail doth, and charging foreign made (ails with a duty; and to the

allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage.--

[May 18, 1796. ]

Adt 33 Geo. 2. c. 17. for encouraging the making of fail doth in Great Britain, continued to Sept. 29, 1799. Adt 9 Geo. 2. c. 37. for encouraging the manufacture of British fail cloth, as amended by 33 Geo. 3. c. 49. continued to Sept. 29, 1799. Adt 19 Geo. 2. c. 27. for the more effectual securing the duties on foreign made fail cloth imported, continued to Sept. 29, 1799- Adt 6 Geo. 3 c. 45. fo far as relates to granting a bounty on exportation of Britiih rriade cordage continued for four years.

CAP. CIX,

An adt further to continue an adt, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prelent Majesty, intituled, An adt for establishing regulations refpedlirig aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cafes.—[May 18, 1796.]-----Continued to Jan. 5, 1797.

cap. cx.

An Qoi for permitting the carrying co of wife of lime, limefone, dung, and other articles of manure, without taking out fufferance^ tranfre, or let-pafs.—[May 18, 1796.]

Preamble. II/ H E R E A S it is expedient that lime, limes ones, and other V V articles, necessary for the cultivation and improvement of land,.\ Jhould be removed coajhoife, zuith as' little expence as pofible; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent majeity, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the

authority

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. in* 813

authority of the fame, That from and after the first day of June From June r, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, no fufterance, war- /^nce to be> rant, tranfire, or other document whatever, (hajl.be required by required for any officer or officers of the customs for or on the (hipping, car- /hipping or rying, conveying, removing, or landing coaftwife, within the landingcoaft-kingdom of Great Britain, of any lime, limeftones, chalk, fand, wife lime, &c. marie, or dung, nor shall any fee, gratuity, or reward, be charged, received, or taken, by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, for or on the (hipping, carrying, conveying, removing, or landing coaftwife, within the said kingdom of any of the said articles, on any pretence whatever; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. CXI.

An act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the paper 'manufactory.—[May 18, 1796.]

WHEREAS great numbers of journeymen paper makers, in Preamble.

various parts of this kingdom, have lately entered into unlawful meetings and combinations to obtain an wircafonable advance of their wages, and for other illegal purposes, and the lavas at present in force againjl such unlawful conduct have been found to be inadequate to the fuppreffton thereof whereby it is become mecejjary that more effectual provifeon Jhould be made againjl jiich unlawful combinations, and for preventing such unlawful practices for the future, and for bringing all offenders in the premises to more speedy and exemplary jujlice\ may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the passing of this aft, all contrafts, All contrafts

covenants, and agreements whatever, in writing or not in writ- ^tween -5  .  ,  a  1  .  .  ,  journeymen

mg, at any time or times heretofore made or entered into, by pq,er takers

or between any journeymen paper makers within this kingdom, for advancing

for obtaining an advance of wages, of them, or any or either of their wages, ^

them, or of any other journeyman or journeymen, or for leffien-

ing their, any or either of their usual hours or quantity of work, wor^

or for preventing or hindering any person or persons from em- declared void.

ploying whomsoever he, (he, or they shall think proper to employ

in.his, her, or their aforesaid bulinefs of a paper maker, or in any

way whatever to affect any person or persons carrying on the faid

trade or bufinefs, or in the conducting thereof, (hail be and are

hereby declared to be illegal, null, and void, to all intents and

purpofes.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any journeyman paper maker, or any other person or perfons, and^Uiers61*3 shall at any time or times after the passing of this aft, make^ entering into enter jinto, agree unto, or be concerned in the making of any such con-contraft, covenant, or agreement, in writing or not in writing, ^inmitted to in support of or relative to such combination as aforesaid, every the houfeoE

H H H 3  person  correction.



8x4

Time of

working by vat men and dry workers,

Penalty on journeymen taking more wages, or entering into

Anno regni tricesimofexto Georgii III. c* m, [1795.

perfon fo offending, being thereof lawfully convicted upon the oath or oaths of one or more credihle witness or witneffes, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town* or place, where fuel) offence shall be committed, upon any information to be exhibited in writing, within one month next after the offence shall have been committed (which oath the said juttice or justices is and ^re hereby empowered and required to adminifter) fhall, by order of such justice or juftices, at his or their diferetion, be committed to the hou'fe of corredlion within his or their jurif-di6fion, there to remain and to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

Illv And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the patting of this a£t, the time of working by journeymen at the vat upon all fine, wove, and plate papers, if the matters shall fo require, shall be half an hour about each pod, twenty of which posts shall and do make a day’s work; and the dry worker upon all such fine papers as aforesaid, if the matters shall fo require it, shall work twelve hours per day, allowing an interval of one hour thereout to each journeyman for refrefhment.

IV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That every journeyman paper maker who shall enter into any ’ combination to raise such wages, or to alter the hours or duration of work, or for any other purpose contrary to this a61, or combinations .who fhall, by giving money or by any other means, dire6tly or to 1 aise wages, ]ndirecUy, folicit, intimidate, or endeavour to prevent any unhired journeyman or journeymen, or other person or persons wanting employment in the manufadluring of paper from hiring himself or themselves to any paper manufacturer, or shall by any means whatfoever, directly or _ indirectly, decoy, folicit, intimidate, influence, or prevail, or attempt or endeavour to prevail on any journeyman paper maker, hired or employed, or to be hired or employed in such manufacture, to quit or leave his or her fervice, or shall proferibe, hinder, or prevent, or attempt to proferibe, hinder, or prevent any matter or mitt refs in such art or myttery from employing whomsoever he, file, or they shall think proper in such manufa&ory, or being retained or employed ihall refuse to work with any person whomsoever which any such matter or mittrefs in such art or myttery shall think proper to employ, and shall be convicted of any or either of the said offences, on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witneffes, before any one or more of his Majesty’s justice or justices of the peace within any or either of the dittricts or ju-rifdictions aforesaid where the offence (hall be committed, luch offender or offenders shall be committed to the house of correction, in the county or place where the offence shall be committed, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

V.  Jnd^ for the more effectual fupprejfion of all combinations among/} journeymen paper makers, and other persons employed in tpe

faid



1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. iiu 815

faid trade, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any If any person person or persons whomsoever (whether employed in the said  an  r

trade or not) shall attend any meeting or combination by this j°JUI^eyman^ adt declared to be illegal, or (hall fummons, give notice to, or paper maker call upon, any journeyman paper maker, or other person em:  attend  any

ployed in the said trade, to attend any such'unlawful meeting or  ^

combination, or who shall colledt, demand, afk, or receive, any lubfcribe sum or funis of money from any journeyman paper maker or or pay any other person employed in the said trade for any of the aboye sum °f money purposes, or shall perfuade, entice, inveigle, or intimidate any fame^h^ma journeyman paper maker or other person employed in the said ^committed trade, to enter into or be concerned in any such meeting or for 2 months, combination, or to turn out againft,- or quit the service or employ of the rnafter or mistress paper maker in whose service they may be employed, or if any person or persons shall pay any sum or Turns of money, or make or enter into any fubfeription or contribution whatsoever for or towards the support or encouragement of any such illegal meeting or combination, every such person or persons fo offending, and being thereof convicted before any one or more of his Majesty’s justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place wherein such offence (hall be committed, on the oath of one or more' credible witness or witneffes, shall for every such offence be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for such county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, at the diferetion of such justice or juftices, there to be and remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

VI* And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That all and every person or perfons, who shall or may offend Offenders against this adt, (hall and may, equally with all other perfons, be called upon and compelled to give, and shall give his or her ^vidcnce?1^ testimony and evidence as a witness or witneffes, upon any information to be exhibited under this act on behalf of the prosecutor or informer; and that in all and every such cafe, he, {he, or they fo having given such testimony or evidence, shall be, and hereby is and are imderrinified of, from, and againft, any information to be laid or prosecution to be commenced against him, her, or them, for having offended, in the matter wherein such prosecution or information, in or relative to which he, (he, or they {hall fo give testimony or evidence, was made or brought.

VII.  And, for the more effectually enforcing the purposes of this aft, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Juftices em-on complaint being made on oath to any justice or justices of the peace, of any offence committed against this act within his fen(jers an<j or their refpedtiv© jurifdidtions, such justice or justices is and are to hear and hereby required and authorised to issue his or their fummons, to determine, summon thp.perfon- or persons charged with being an offender or offenders against this adt, and also to summon any witness or witnesses for any of the*parties, at a certain time and place in

H H H 4  '  Inch

S16 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Gfiofcon III. c. x 11. t1795^

fuch summons to b£ fpecified; and if any one fo summoned fhali not appear on such fummons, or offer some reasonable excuse for the default, then any such justice or justices fhali issue his of their warrant or warrants for apprehending the party fo making default, within the jurifdidtibn of any such justice or juftices, and upon the party or parties complained against appearing, or being brought before any such justice or justices on bis or their warrant or warrants, or in cafe the party or parties complained against fhali not appear to such fummons, being served on him, her, or them, or left for him, her, or them, at his 6r their usual place of abode, and proof (hall be made thereof by oath before any such justice or juftices, then every such justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to proceed to make inquiry touching the matter^ complained of, and to examine into the fame* by the oath or oaths of any credible per-fon or persons as fhali be requilite, and to hear and determine the matter of every such complaint, and upon eonfeftion of the party, or proof by one credible witness upon oath, to commit or acquit the party or parties against whom complaint fhali be made ; and if any person or persons fo summoned to appear as a witness or witnesses as aforel'aid, {hall not appear at the time and place appointed by such fummons, and give his, her, or their evidence or evidences before him or them, then and in every fuch-cafe every such justice or justices fhali and may issue his or their warrant or warrants, under his hand and feal, or their hands and feals, for the commitment of such person to some prison in the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place where such witness or witnesses fhali fo make default, there to remain until such person or persons (hall submit himfelf, herfelf, or themselves to be examined as a witness or witnesses as aforesaid,

VIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justice or justices before whom any perlbn fhali be con-vidled in manner preferibed by this a<ft, fhali cause such refpec-tive conviction to be drawn up in the form or to the effect following; (that is to fay).

The form of £ T)E it remembered, That on this  day  of

the conviction.  jn  the  year  of  his  Majesty’s  reign, A. B.

is convicted before  -

of his Majesty’s justices of the peace for the said county of  [#r,  for  the riding, or divifion,

city, liberty, town, or place, as the cafe JJoall happen to he] for and  the  said  do  hereby

order and adjudge him [or her] to be committed to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour for the space of

or until he or foe fhali submit to be examined, as the cafe may be, without bail or mainprise. Given the day and year aforefaid.5

And

T795-1 Anno regnitrieefimo sexto Georgii III. c, in. 817

And the said juffice or juffices before whom such conviction ft all be had, {hall cause the fame, fo drawn up in the form or to the effect aforesaid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and transmitted to the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein such conviction Was had, to be filed and kept amongst the records of the said general quarter feffion-s ; and in cafe any person or persons fo convicted, stall appeal in manner herein-after mentioned from the judgement of the faidjuf-tice or justices to the said general quarter feffions, the juffices in such general quarter sessions are hereby required, upon receiving the said convidlion, drawn up in the form aforesaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal, according to the directions of this act, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and no Certiorari (hall be granted to remove any conviction or other proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this act.

IX.  And be it further enated by the authority aforefaid.

That in all cafes where any information authorised by this act: Power fors to be made before any one or more juffice or juffices, {hall he ^^ants°to^e made upon oath of the informer, to be taken by such juffice or apprehend of-juftices as ^aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful for such juffice fenders with-or justices to issue his or their warrant under his or their hand out fummons* and feal, or hands and feals, grounded upon such information fo made upon oath, for the apprehension and bringing of the person or persons offending or ailedged to have offended against this a6I, before him or them, or any juffice or justices of the said county there fitting, without any previous summons being issued to the party fo offending, or ailedged to have offended, instead and in lieu of issuing of his or their summons for his appearance before him or them, to answer the matters charged by such information,

X.  Provided always, and it is hereby further enated by the authority aforesaid, That if any person convited of any offence Appeal* or offences punishable by this at, {ball think himself or herself aggrieved by the judgement of the juffice or juffices before whom

he or (he (hall have been convited, such person (hall have liberty to appeal, at the time of such conviction, to the justices at the then next general quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held for the county, riding,-divifion, city, liberty, town or place where such judgement fnall have been given, and that the execution of the laid judgement (hall, in such cafe, be fufpended* the person fo convicted entering into recognizance, at the time pf such convi&ion, with two sufficient fureties, in the sum of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, upon condition to profectlte such appeal with effedl, and to be forthcoming ta abide the judgement and determination of the justices in their said next general quarter feffions, and to pay such coffts as the. said justices in such session lhall award on such occafion, which recognizance the said juffice and juffices, before whom such cpnvidtion stall be had* are hereby empowered and required to,

take;

8i8 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 112. [1795.

take; and the justices in the said general quarter feOions are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally to determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such costs as to them , shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either party, which decision shall be final; and if, upon the hearing.of the said appeal, the judgement of the justice or justices before whom the appellant shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such appellant shall immediately pay such costs as the justices in the said general quarter sections (hall award to be paid, for defraying the expences sustained by the defendant or defendants in such appeal, and shall be committed by the said justices to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour, or to the common gaol, as shall be mentioned in such conviction, for the space of two calendar months, or.anylefs time mentioned in such conviction, without bail or mainprize, and until the payment of such cofts.

Limitation of XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, actions.  That  if  any  aCtion or fuit shall be brought or commenced

againft any person or persons for any thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this aCt, or for any caufe, matter, or thing therein contained, such aCtion or fuit (hall be commenced within fix calendar months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in such aCfion or fuit may plead the General iffue. general iffue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdief shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their aCfion or profecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwile, then such defendant or defendants shall Double cofts. have double costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiff's.

XII. And be it further enaCled by the authority aforesaid, Publick act. That this aCl (hall be a publick aCl; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, juffices, and other persons whomfoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. CXII.

Aft act for authortfing his Majesty to order the registering^ and the granting certificates of regfiry, to certain Jbips and vejfels, the property of his Majejlfs fubjetls, which had belonged to, or been in pofjejfton of, the enemy, and concerning which doubts have arisen whether they are entitled to be regfiered according to the exijiing laws in that behalf—[May 18, 1796.

Preamble* TTTHERE AS in certain cafes the governors of his Majejifs VV colonies, plantations, iflands, and territories, have granted certificates of regfiry of flips and vejfels, which had, belonged to, or been in pojfefjion of, the enemy, concerning which doubts have arisen whether such ships and vejfels are entitled to be regfiered according to law: and %vbereasx in fame cafesx under such circumftances, the

property

 CjOO^Ic

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. ng.

property of such ships and vejfels have been transferred bona fide to certain of his Majesty’s fubjeCls, who, under the protection thereof now use and employ such ships and vejfels : and whereas it is highly just and expedient, that his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, foould be authorised to grant relief in such cafes where no fraud and collufton shall appear to have been pr a Cl fed: be it therefore enacted by the King’s rnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it lhall and may be'lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to order any such ship or vefTel, which (hall have fallen under the cir-cumftances before mentioned, fmee the commencement of the present war, and previous to the pafiing of this present act, to be registered, and have a certificate thereof, as nearly, according to the form and manner prescribed and directed by an act, passed in the twenty-fixth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aftfor the further increase and encouragement offlipping and navigation, or any a£t, now in force, respecting the registering of (hips and veffels, as the circumltances of the cafe will admit; and in cafe any fuit Shall have been commenced for the condemnation of such ship or vefTel, it Shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice aforesaid, to order all proceedings thereupon to be flayed, either abfolutely, or upon such terms or conditions as his Majesty, with the advice aforesaid, shall think proper.

819 v

His Majesty in council may order vessels which have belonged to the enemy and where certificates of registry have been granted by governors of his Majfifty’s colonies, to b’e regitiered, 6cc.

CAP. CXIII.

An act for allowing the importation of arrow root from the British plantations; and aifo of Unfeed cakes and rape cakes, from any foreign country, in Britifh-^//? Jhips, owned., navigated, and . regifterecl according to law, without payment of duty.—[May 18,

1796.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow the importation of arrow Preamble,.

root from the British plantations in America, in Britifh-^tf/7*

Jhips, owned, navigated, and regijlered, according to law, 1uithout payment of any duty whatever: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s mo ft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aiTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Arrow root from and after the passing of this adt, it shall and-may be lawful  ^

to and for any person or persons whatfoever, to import into free, from the Great Britain in any BritiJh-huWt ship or veftd, owned, navi- British planta-gated, and registered according to law, arrow root from -the for\s in Ame-Britijh plantations in America, without the payment of any duty whatever; any a£t of parliament to the contrary thereof in any- owned, &c„ wife notwitftanding.  _  according to

II. And whereas it is expedient to allow the importation of Unfeed *aw» cakes and rape cakes, from any country whatever in Brits (la-built-

Jhips:

820

and linseed and rape cakes from any country, on the lame conditions.

Entry to be made of arrow root. See. at the port of importation, on penalty of forfeiture.

Penalties may be sued for, &c. as for any offence again If the laws of cuf-tojns*

Preamble.

33 Geo. 3, S.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 114. [1795-

/hips: be it further enacted. That, from and after the parting of this ad, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or perfons, to import into Great Britain, in any Briti/J) ship or veffel, owned, navigated, and, regiftered, according to law, linseed cakes and rape cakes from any foreign country whatever, without the payment of duty; any ad of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithftanding.

III.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That a due entry shall be made of all such arrow root, linseed cakes, and rape cakes, as (hall be imported after the parting of this ad, with the proper officers of the cuftoms, at the port into which the fame (hall be imported, and the fame (hall be landed in the presence of the proper officers appointed for that purpose, in default whereof the fame shall be forfeited, and (hall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties and forfeitures, created and'incurred by'this ad, (hall and may be sued for, profecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalties incurred, or any goods, (hips, or veffels, forfeited, for any offence against the laws of cuftoms, may now be legally sued for, profecuted, recovered, and disposed of, and the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this ad, (hall be entitled to and receive such share of the produce arising from the feizures, as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importation, and to such (hare of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine or penalty, or compo-fition paid for any offence against this ad, as they are now by law or regulation entitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

CAP. CXIV.

An adi to explain and amend an adt, puffed in the thirty-third year oj his present Majestys reign,' intituled, An ad to -provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and offubftitutes lerving therein ; and to explain and amend an ad of parliament, parted in the twenty-fixtn year of his present Majesty, intituled, c An ad for amending and reducing into one ad of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England.’—[May i8, 1796.]’

WHEREAS by an adl^ pa/fed in the thirty-third'year of his Majejly's reign, intituled, An ad to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving therein 3 and to explain and amend an ad of parliament, parted in the twenty-fixth year of his present Majesty, intituled, c An ad for amending, and reducing into one ad of parliament, the laws relatingto the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England \ it is among/l other things enadled., That if the family of any fubjlitute, hired man, or volunteer, serving in the militia when embodied and calkd out into

adhiaj

1795*] Anno'regm tricesimo sexto GeorgiiIII. c. 114.

aftual fer'vice and ordered to march, shall become chargeable to the parish wherein such family shall dwell) andfuchfubjlitute shall not serve for the fame parijh, it shall be lawful for the justice of the peace who shall make any order for the relief offuch family, at thefame time to direct the overseers of t he parish for which such fubjlitute shall ferve, to reimburse the money fo paid to the overseer or overfeers, who shall have advanced the fame in pursuance of the order before-mentioned, if such parish shall be ftuated within the fame county, and iffuch parish shall be ftuated in any other county, the said justice shall cause the fame to be reimbursed in manner therein-after mentioned ; and in cafe the fubjlitute whoje family shall be relieved as aforesaid, shall serve for any parish fetuate in another county, the monies advanced by the overseers of the parijh, townftnp, or place, where the family shall dwell,

Jhall be repaid the?n out of the county fock, by the treasurer of the county' to which the parijh, townjhip, or place, Jhall'belong, on producing a certificate of the order of the justice allowing such relief which certificate such just ice is thereby required to grant accordingly; and the treasurer who shall foj-epay such overfeer, shall transmit such certificate, and also an account of all monies fo repaid by him from time to time quarterly, to the treasurer of the county, riding, or place in the militia, zvbereoffuch fubjlitute shall ferve; and the treasurer to whom the fame shall have been fo tranjmitted, shall forthwith reimburse the fame to the treasurer for whom the said account was received; which account, fo received and reimburfed, shall be laid before the justices of the peace at their next general or quarter fejftons, which shall be held for such county, riding, or place, for their allowance thereof, and the said ' justices shall and they are thereby required to allow the fame accord-ingly, and forthivith to make an order for the overseers of the poor of the parijh, townjloip, or place, for which such fubjlitute shall serve to onake good the fame to the treasurer of the county, out of the poor's rates offuch parijh, townjhip, or place; and all payments fo made by such treasurer or treafurers, overseer or overfeers, in pursuance of such order or orders of such justice or juftices, shall be allowed and passed in their respective accounts in like manner as the expences incurred on account of the militia are by law directed to be passed and allowed: and whereas by an aft, passed in the thirty-fourth year of his Majeftfs reign, intituled. An aci to amend an adt, passed in 34 < the Jaft session of parliament, intituled, c An a£t to provide for c* 4 the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an aof parliament, passed in the twenty-fixth year of his present Majefly, intituled, “ An a£t for amending, and reducing into one a<5t of parliament, the Jaws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called Englandand also an a£, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, 4 An adf for augmenting the militia provifons are made for the relief of the families of persons inrolled in the place of militia-men discharged at their own requefl, and further provifons are made for enforcing the said aft of the thirty-third year of his Majefly's reign, and by ' an aft passed in the thirty-fifth year of his Majefly's reign, intituled, 3.5 An a£t to apportion the relief, by the several statutes now in force, c* directed to be given to the families of non-ccmmiffioned officers,

drum m.er$

WnctoH h\/ V "it /t I

821



8 22

ij & i+ Car.

2. C. 12.

and

26 Geo. 3. c. 107, recited.

Provifions of the three first recited ads, touching the relief of families of iubftitutes, hired men, or volunteers, to extend to places having Separate overfeers, and to all places united for ballotting for militia-men.

Anno regni tricesimo lexto Georgii III. c. 114. [1795.

drummers, fifers, and privates, serving in the militia, between the county at large, and the peculiar districts therein not contributing to the comity rate, according to the number of men serving for each in such militia; and to remove certain difficulties in respect to the relief of families of fubftitutes, hired men, or volunteers, serving in the militia; further provisions are made, touching the relief of such families : and whereas by virtue of an a61 pafjed in tire thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom, many parijhes in divers parts of this kingdom have been, andf ill are divided into townfoips, or other divifions, for the better maintenance of the poor of such respective tozvnjhips, or other divifions, and the poor of such townships or other divisions are maintained by the several townjhips, or other divifions, to zohich they reflectively belong, and overseers of the poor are appointed for such toivnflrips, or other divifions, separately and difinally, but no overseers are appointed for the parish at large wherein such townjhips, or other divifions, fo fparately maintaining their own poor, are fituate, although the persons serving in the militia are ballotted andferve for such parish at large, and not for such townjhips, or other divifions, separately and difi nelly comprised therein: and zvhereas by an a 61, made in the twenty sixth year of his Majejly*s reign, intituled, An a£l for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, it is amongjl other things enacted, "That in ballotting for the militia, it shall be lawful to add together the lifts of two or more Jarifloes, tithings, or places, and proceed upon such lifts, added together, in like manner as if they had been originally returned for one par if), tithing, or place, fo as to make the choice of militia-men by ballot, within every fubdivifion, as equal and impartial as pojfble: and whereas great difficulties have art fen in executing the faidfever al provisions in the said oils of the thirty-third, thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of his said Majejly* s reign. in consequence of the said provisions in thefaid adis'of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majefiy King Charles the Second, andofthe twenty -fixth year ofhis present Majefiy : be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every the provifions, in the said acts of the thirty-third, thirty-fourth, and thirty-fifth years of his Majesty.’s reign contained, touching the relief of the family of any fub future, hired man, or volunteer, serving for any parifh, tithing, or place, or any united parifhes, tithings, or places, and for the reimbursement of all sums of money which have been or (hall be advanced for any such purpose, {hall extend to all townships and places having separate overseers of the poor, and maintaining the poor thereof separately and diftinctly, and also to all parishes and places united for the purposes of ballotting for militia-men, as well as to all other parishes and places ; and that thejuflices of the peace who have made or lhall make orders for the relief of any such families, or any other justice of the fame county or place, (hall give directions for the reimbursement of

the

1795*1 Annoregnitricesimofexto GEORGii III. c. 114^  823

the money already advanced, or to be advanced for such purpose, by the overseers of the poor of the parish or place, or united parishes or places, or townships or places refpecftively, which ought to reimburse the feme, or to contribute to the reimburfe-ment thereof; and the treasurers of the several counties, ridings, divifions, and places, and the justices of the peace of the several counties, ridings, divifions, and places, within which all and every such parifhes, townfhips, and places respectively shall be,

{hall make reimbursement, and direct reimbursement to be made by such several parifhes, townfhips, and places refpe&ively, in the fame manner as by the said a£f is provided with refpecft to parishes and places therein defcribed, fo that in all cafes whatfo-ever such reimbursement may be fully made according to the true intent and meaning of the said adl, as well with respect to money already advanced, as with respect to money to be advanced, under any order for such relief as aforesaid ; and where.any man Juftices to a£ shall serve for any united parishes or places, or for any parish or ce.rtamT^at place comprizing more than one township or place, which shall have {^all becontri-feparate and distinct overseers of the poor, all and every such butedbyunit-juftices as aforesaid shall ascertain in what proportions such united ed places, or parishes or places, or such several townships or places, comprized ^^com within the fame parish or place, for which any such man whose prizeci within family shall be fo relieved shall ferve, ought to contribute to such the fame pa-. relief; such proportions to be ascertained according to the numbers rhh, to the of men liable to be ballotted for the militia, which each of ^ia^en^s fa united parishes or places, or each of such townships or places, as mjiies% the cafe may he, shall appear to have had by the last returns made for that purpose; and such justices shall make orders for the reimbursement of such advances as aforesaid in such several proportions fo to be afcertained, and from time to time as occasion {hall require ; and in order to enable such justices to ascertain such proportions, the clerks of the several subdivision meetings {hall, when thereunto required, certify by writing under their hands ino-s to certify the number of men fo liable to be ballotted for according to the when requir-returns made for each of such parifhes, townfhips, or places ; for ed, the num» which certificate there (hall be paid a fee of one {hilling and ^bl^to^e

no more.  ....  .  .  ,  ballotted for

II. And whereas in the militia regiments it Jometimes happens that for each place. non-commi[[toned officers, in consequence of miJl)ehavioui\ are reduced to serve again in the ranks: and ivhereas in consequence of their having beenpromoted^ the pari foes for which they were originally drawn are. directed, and actually do furnif other men in their Jlead to the families of which men the said parijhes pay the weekly allowance as directed by the a bis noiv inforte, and are not direbled by the said a bis to pay any weekly allovoance to the families of such non-commiffoned officers fo reduced as aforefaid; be it therefore ena&ed, That the families of such non-commiffioned officers, fo reduced as afore- Families of faid, shall be relieved as casual poor by the parishes in which they non-commif-refide, and that such parishes shall be reimbursed in such manner deduced tcTbe as they would have been in cafe such non-commiffioned officer fo relieved as reduced as aforesaid had never been promoted.  casual poor#

CAP.

824 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 115—117. {1795.

CAP. CXV.

An a& to enforce the due execution of an adt, passed in the last fefiion of parliament, intituled, An adt for railing a certain number of men, in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majdty’s jaavy.— [May i8, 1796.]

Adt 35 Geo. 3. c. 5, recited. Juftices to order the county treasurer to deliver in an account of money received under the recited adt, and to pay in balances to the receiver general; and where bounties or fines appear not to have been paid to him, to ifliie warrants to pariilt officers to afiefs and pay the arrears. Parifh officers to return defaulters who have levied rates, and not paid the money to the treafurer, to the juftices, who may ilTue their warrant for payment; and if the party be dead, &c. may direct the acting parish officers to raise and pay the money. Treafurer to pay over money to the receiver general, and render, on demand, to the justices an account of all money received. If treasurers neglect to deliver in accounts, and pay balances to the receiver general, or if parish officers neglect to pay mouey directed by justices to the treafurer, payment may be levied by diftrefs. Juftices to transmit accounts received from treasurers to the navy board, and return what they have done thereupon* Navy board may aired! receivers general to pay money received by them to the treasurer of the navy, to be applied as directed by this adt.

C A P. CXVl.

An. adt for making allowances in certain cafes to subaltern officers of the militia, in time of peace.—[May 18, 1796.]

CAP. CXVII.

An aft to exempt dairies and rooms nfed solely for making, keepings and drying cheese and butter, from the duties on windows and lights* —[May 18, 1796.]

Preamble.

Duties on windows not to be charged on places used solely for drying, keeping, or making cheese or butter.

WHEREAS in and by divers afts of parliament now in force, certain rates and duties have been from time to time laid upon windows and lights in dwelling-houfes and offices belonging to and occupied therewith: and whereas it is expedient that windows or lights in dairies, and rooms kept and used solely for the purpose of making, drying, and keeping cheese and butterl Jhould not be charged with or liable to the said rates and duties in certain cafes herein-after mentioned: may it please your Majesty that it be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, upon every afieffment made or to be made of the said duties, or any of them, it (hall not be lawful to afiefs or charge any windows or lights in any" dairies, or in any rooms or places kept and used for the foie pur^ pose of drying and keeping cheefe, or of making cheese or butter, and to or for no other purpose or purposes whatfoever; which dairies and rooms shall be belonging to and occupied with any dwelling-houfe chargeable with the rates and duties aforesaid, whether the fame (hall be attached to, or detached from, and being part of, such dwelling-houfe or not, and which (hall be 4,  '  occupied

1795-] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 118.  25

occupied by any person or persons who fhali fell, or be in any manner concerned in felling the produce of dairies, or any kind of cheefe.

II.  Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enadted, That the Exemption to

exemptions herein-before provided fhali extend only to such  t0

windows or lights in such dairies or rooms as aforesaid as fhali be withoutglafs, made with fplines or wooden laths, or iron bars, and wholly with- and places out glafs; and to such dairies or rooms as aforesaid, which fhali kept solely for not be at any time or times used to dwell or to deep in by any

perfon or persons whomfoever, but solely kept and used for the pUrp0fcs. several purposes herein-before mentioned.

III.  Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That the respective Dairies to be* owner or owners of the dwelling-houfes to which such dairies or .hable to duty rooms used as aforesaid respectively belong, do and fhali paint or w^rdsTe^111 cause to be painted on the door thereof, in large roman black painted on the letters, of two inches at the lead in height, and of a propor- doors, tionable breadth, the words Dairy and Cheefe Room, or some of

them, as the cafe fhali require, and do and fhali keep and pre-ferve such words fo painted distinctly legible, during such time or times as such dairies and rooms fhali be used for the purposes aforesaid, otherwife, and in cafe of failure of all or any of the orders and regulations in this a61 contained, it is hereby declared that such dairies and rooms as aforesaid fhali be charged and chargeable with all and every of the duties and rates to which the fame were liable previous to the pacing this a dr; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithftanding.

CAP. CXVI1I.

An aft to author ife the sale of fijh at Billingfgate by retail.—[May 18, 1796.]

/HERE AS by an a cl, p'ajfed in the of the reign of Preamble. his present Ma]efty, intituled, An a61 for the better supplying % Qeo. 3# the cities of London and JVeJtminJler with fifh, and to reduce the c. 15, recited, present exorbitant price thereof, and to protect and encourage fifhermen; it is enacted, among other things, That no person or persons from and after the fir ft day of May one thousandfieven hundred andfixty~iwo,jhall a second time [elf orexpofie to or for fate, in Billingfgate Market, or within the /pace of one hundred and fifty yards from Billingfgate Dock, or any other market in the city of London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, any fijh which, in the fame day, fhali have been before fold in the fame market: and whereas, the retailing of fijh at Billingfgate would be of great publick utility and convenience, and tend materially to reduce the exorbitant price of fijh; but inaj-much as such retailing of fife may not be practised whilst the said pro-vifion contained in the said act remains inforce: may it please your Majesty that it may he enadted, and be it enacted by the King’s mofl excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confentof. the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That So much of fo much of the said herein-before in part recited aft, passed in the the recited aft • Voi-XL- 1,1 '



Billingfgate

repealed..

826 Anno regni tricesimofextoGEORGii IILc. 119—121. [1795..

by retail at second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as reftrains'or prohibits the sale of filh by way of retail in Billingfgate Market, or with the space of’one hundred and fifty yards from Billingfgate Dock, in the fame day upon which the fame (hall have been before . fold in the fame market, or within the said space of one hundred and fifty yards from Billingfgate Dock, but no further, or other-wife, (hall, from and after the pafiing of this a6b, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

Authorifing II. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding the pro-at^fHn°f^ate VI^lons to t^lc contrar)% *n ^le herein-before recited a61, or by retaih ga £ *n any ot^er 0r a&s °f parliament to the fame or the like effiecl contained, it (hall and may be lawful for any person or perfons, from and after the pafiing of this a£l, by way or in the manner of retail (but in no other manner), to fell a second time, and not oftener, in Billingfgate Market, or within the space of one hundred and fifty yards from Billingfgate Dock, any fish whatever, although the fame fish (hall on the fame day have been fold once before by wholesale in the fame market, or within the space of one hundred and fifty yards from Billingfgate Dock; any law, flatute, ufage, or custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Courtofcom- XII. And be it further enabled, That the lord mayor, alder-to°bave the^ men> an<^ commons of the city of London, in common council fame jurifdic- affembled, (hall, from and after the pafiing of this act, from time to tionover the time appoint the hour for the commencement of the sale of fish by said retail retail in Billingfgate Market, or within the said space of one hundred mar^he other an^fifty  from  Billingfgate Dock; and that the said lord mayor,

aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common council aflembled, (hall have the like power, authority, jurifdidliou, and controul, over the said market, for the sale of fish by retail, as they now have over the several other publick markets of the said city.

IV.  And be it further enadfed, That this a£l {hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aand (hall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, juftices, and other persons \vhatfoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

CAP. CXIX.

An aft to enable the united company of merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, to purchase certain houses and ground contiguous to the East India houfe, and to widen the north end of Lime-ftrect.

over t publick markets of the city.

Publick aft.

C A P. CXX.

An a<ft to enable the East India company to perform an engagement entered into by them, with William Sabatier, gent,, respecting the importation of cotton from the East Indies.—[May 18, 1796.]

CAP. CXXL

An a<ft for further continuing the duty of one farthing per chalder on coals, granted by an a<ft palled in the first year of the reign of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by two a<5ls, passed in the eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the hxth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving and repairing the piers and harbour of Whitby, in the county of York.

C A P.

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgia III. c. 122.  827

CAP. CXXII.

An aft for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victuallings and transport billsi—[May^, 1796.J

Mod gracious Sovereign^

WE, your Majesty’s molt dutiful and loyal fubjetfts, the Preamble, commons of Great Britain in parliament ailembled, having taken into our ferrous consideration the present date of the debt of your Majesty’s navy, and being desirous to make some pro-vifion toward fatisfacSiion thereof, have resolved that all persons interested in or entitled unto certain bills, payable in the course of the navy, victualling, and transport offices, should be entitled in respect of the fame to the several principal firms in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, is herein-after mentioned ; we, your Majedy’s mod faithful commons do therefore mod humbly beseech your Majedy that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament ailembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all persons interested in or entitled unto Navy, victual-any bill or bills payable in the course of the navy, victualling, or ling, or tranl-tranfport offices, which were made out on or before the thirty-  on

fir ft day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or before May who fhall, on or before the fir ft day of July one thousand seven ri, 1795, with hundred and ninety-fix, carry the fame, after having had the in- intereit to , terest thereupon computed up to the thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and marked upon the on ^ t^e re_~ raid bills, at the navy, victualling, or transport offices refpectively, fpeftive of-to the office of the treasurer of his Majedy’s navy, shall have, in fives, carried exchange for the fame, from such treafurer, or his paymaster or cafhier, a certificate to the governor and company of the bank of  to  be

England, for the amount of the principal and interest computed exchanged for thereupon ; and the persons that shall be fo poffeded of any such certificates to certificates' fhall, upon delivery thereof to the said governor and Jitlii^^he11* company, be entitled, in respect of the fame, to the sum of one holder to hundred and five pounds capital dock for each one hundred 105I. ftoclc. pounds contained in such certificates, and fo in proportion for Per IO°h ; any greater or ielfer fum; and that all persons interested in or and such bills entitled unto any bill or bills payable in the course of the navy,  f

victualling, or transport offices, which were made out after the and^n or be-thirty-firft day of May, and on or before the thirtieth day of fore Sept. 30, September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, who fhall, I795> to be on or before thefirft day of July one thousand seven hundred and certificates^^ ninety-fix, carry the lame, after having had the interest there- entitling to upon computed up' to the thirtieth day of April one thousand 104.I, stock seven hundred and ninety-fix, and marked upon the said bills, at Psr I0°k the navy, victualling, and transport offices refpedlively, to the office of the treasurer of his Majesty’s navy, shall have in exchange for the fame, from such treafurer, or his paymaster or 1 1 1 2  cafhier,

5I* per cent, interest from Jan. 5, 1796.

Holders of bills may deliver them to be marked.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Geo&gii III. c. 122. [1795.

cafhier, a certificate to the governor and company of the bank of England for the amount of the principal and interest computed thereupon; and the persons that shall be possessed of any such last mentioned certificates {hall, upon delivery thereof to the . said governor and company, be entitled, in respect of the fame, to the sum of one hundred and four pounds capital stock for each one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and fo in ProPorti°u f°r any greater or letter fum; which said respective capital flocks shall be attended with annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and shall be paid and payable at the bank of England, at the times and in the manner herein mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who shall be polTeffed of, interelled in, or entitled unto, any bill or bills, payable in courfe, out of his Majefly*s offices of the navy, victualling, or for tranfports, which were respectively made out in the said respective offices on or before the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to deliver such bill or bills to the proper officers of the said offices respectively to be marked, computed, and certified, in such manner as is herein-after mentioned, at any time on or before the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and at such place or places as shall have been appointed by notice giyen in The London Gazette and other publick papers for that purpose.

III.  Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the interest which became due on the said thirtieth day of April one

delivery at the thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, for and in respect of the navy office, said navy, victualling, and transport bills, shall be computed and marked upon the said bills, at the navy, victualling, and transport offices respectively, before the fame are delivered to the treasurer of his Majesty’s navy; and the proper officer and officers of his Majesty’s navy, victualling, and transport offices refpeCtively, is and are hereby authorised and required to compute and mark the interest as aforesaid, upon every such bill which shall be tendered to him or them for that purpose.

IV.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for the treasurer of his Ma-jefty’s navy for the time being, to take in and receive from all and every person or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who is, or are, or shall be pofteffed of, inte-refted in, or entitled unto', any such navy, victualling, or transport bills, all the said bills which any such person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate fhall, on or before the said first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, deliver to such treafurer; and the said treafurer, or his paymaster and cafhier, is and are hereby authorised and required to mark and cancel every such bill,- and make forth and sign the certificate, herein directed to be made out. in lieu of the said bills.

V. And

Intereft to be

marked upon bills before

Treafurer of the navy to receive, mark, and cancel bills, and make forth certificates.



1795.] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 122.  829

V.  And be it farther enabled. That all and every person and Certificates perfons, bodies politick and corporate, who (hall deliver any such ^nannuit^f bill or bills to the said treasurer as aforesaid, upon producing such ^ per cent, certificates as are hereby directed to be made forth by the said per ann. from treasurer in lieu of such bills, in refpeT of the several principal Jan. 5, 1796, sums hereby granted, for every sum of one hundred pounds, (hall,

for every such sum of one hundred pounds fo granted, and fo in

proportion for any greater or lesser fum, have and be entitled to

an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to

commence from the said fifth day of January one thousand feven

hundred and ninety-fix, and to be paid or payable to such perfon

or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or such as he, fhe, or

they (hall appoint, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators,

fuccefTors, or assigns refpedlively; which said annuities (hall be

in lieu of all other interest for or in refpeT of such bills, and

(hall be payable half yearly, at the bank of England, at two of

the most usual days of payment in the year: that is to fay, the

fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; the

firft payment thereof to become due on the fifth day of July one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix; and that all persons and

corporations entitled to any such annuity or annuities aforesaid,

and his, her, and their adminiftrators, fuccefTors, and assigns re-

fpedlively, and all persons and corporations, lawfully claiming

under him, her, or them, (hall have good, fure, abfolute, and in-

defeazible estates and interests in the said annuities, according to

the true tenor and meaning of this adl, until the redemption

thereof in the manner herein directed, and (hall be poffefTed

thereof as of a personal eftate, which {hall not be descendible to which shall be

heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of personal eftate

London or otherwife, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary an'd tax free.

notwithftandjng; and that all the said annuities shall be free from

all taxes, charges, and impositions whatfoever.

VI.  And be it further enadted. That the said annuities, after Annuities the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be charged payable out of and chargeable upon and payable out of the consolidated fund, ^ed°fund” after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sums of money ancj }rredeem-as have been directed by any former adt or acts of parliament; able till

and that the said annuities (ball be irredeemable until twenty-five 35,000,000!. millions of the publick debt, bearing interest after the rate of percents’ either three pounds per centum per annum, or four pounds per ’De paj^ * centum per annum, shall have been redeemed and paid off*.

VII.  And be it further enadled, That upon the delivering in Treafurer of of such navy, victualling, or transport bills, by any person or ^ perfons, bodies politick or corporate, the treasurer of his Ma- cates^or the jefty’s navy,, or his paymaster and cafhier, fhall, and they are hereby amount of authorised and required, forthwith to give a certificate, signed bills and in* by him or them for the principal sum or sums contained in such

bills, and also for the interest which shall have been computed ^before Odt" and marked as aforesaid to be due on the said thirtieth day of 29, 1796, and Jpril one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, to such person shall be free

11 I 9  orfromftamp

^  duties,

830  -  Anno  regni  tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 122. [x795-

or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or his, her, or their affigns; and all such certificates shall be assignable by indorsement thereupon made at any time before the twenty-ninth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and no longer ; and no fiich certificate or alignment thereupon fnall be charged with any {lamp duties whatever ; and that the interest fo computed and marked on every such bill (hall be added to the principal sum contained in every such bill refpedfively ; and the amount of such principal and interefi, certified in manner before directed, shall be the principal sums for which the person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, delivering such bills, shall be entitled to such capital fiock as aforesaid, after the rate of one hundred and five pounds in respect of the bills herein first mentioned, and after the rate of one hundred and four pounds in refpedi of the bills herein last mentioned, for every one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and fo in proportion for any greater or lesser fum, to be attended with an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum•

Guardians VIII. And be it further enadfed, That if any infant or infants may deliver {hall have become entitled to any of the said bills, in such cafe benefitof* in- the guardian or guardians, trufiee or truftees, of such infant or infants.  fants,  shall or may, and he, file, or they, is or are hereby em-

powered, for the benefit of such infant or infants, to deliver up to such treafurer, all such of the said bills to which such infant or infants shall be fo entitled; and such infant and infants, upon such guardian or guardians, trufiee or truftees, delivering up such bill or bills, shall be entitled to such an annuity as aforesaid, as fully as any other person or persons whatever; and the said guardian or guardians, trufiee or trufiees, shall be discharged from the fame, fo as the name of such infant or infants be exprefied in such certificate or certificates; any thing herein contained, or any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary in any wife notwith-fianding.

Executors, ^ IX. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That all persons &c. may deli- who, as executors, adminifirators, truftees, committees of ideots theirpofTef-11 or  or  persons of unfound mind, depolitaries or mort-

fionintrufi, gagees, shall be or become possessed of, interested in, or entitled &c.  unto, any of the said bills, shall and may deliver up such bills as

they shall be respectively possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto, to such treasurer as aforesaid, to be cancelled and certified as aforesaid ; and as to executors or adminifirators, the capital fiock of annuities which they shall be refpedfively entitled to in refpedf of the said bills fo by them delivered up, and the dividends from time to time arising therefrom, shall be afiets in their hands in the fame manner as the said bills were or would have been had they not been fo delivered up; and as to trufiees, committees, depofitaries, and mortgagees, the capital fiock of annuities which they shall be respectively entitled unto, for and in respect of such trust or mortgaged bills which they shall fo deliver up to such treasurer as aforesaid, and the dividends from time to time arising therefrom, shall befubjedf and liable to the lame trusts or equity of redemption as luch bills were or *  would

v  

f 795*3 Anno regal tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 122.  831

would have been had they not been fo delivered up for such an-nuity as aforefaid.

X.  And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Jaw- Bank to refill to and for the said governor and company of the bank of Eng- ceive

land> and their fuccefiors, or such person or persons as they shall ^ve ^recj^ jn appoint for that purpose, and he and they is and are hereby re- their books fpedlively authorised and required to take in and receive all and for theprincu every of the certificates to be made out in lieu of the said bills as aforesaid in purfuanceof the diredfions of this a£t; and upon the  Tr°*  ’

receipt of every such certificate fhall, and he and they is and are fpe&ively, a* hereby required forthwith to give credit in a book or books to before men-be prepared for that purpose for the respective principal sums oftionedi one hundred and five pounds for every sum of one hundred pounds contained in such certificates fo brought to him or them as aforesaid, as shall have been given for the bills herein first mentioned, and for the principal sum of one hundred and four pounds for every sum of one hundred pounds contained in such certificates fo brought to him or them as aforesaid, as shall have been given for the bills herein last mentioned, and fo in proportion for any greater or lesser sum ; and the perfons, bodies politick or corporate, towhofe credit such refpedfive principal sums shall be entered in the said hook or books, his, her, or theirexecutors, adminiflrators, or affigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the fame, or_ any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in other books to be prepared and kept for that purpose; and the and by July said governor and company for the time being shall alfo, on or tranf^^it a° before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and duplicate of ninety-seven, transmit an attested - duplicate, fairly written on the book of paper, of the said book or books first herein-before mentioned, credit to the 1 into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s exche- auditor of the quer, there to remain for ever,  __  exchequer.

XI.  And for the more easy and fire payment of the annuities established by this aft, it is hereby further enaefted, That tfie said a°calhier governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuc- and Account-1* ceflors, shall from time to time appoint and employ one or more ant general, sufficient person or persons within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first calhier or calhiers, and one or other

perfon or persons within the fame office, to be their accountant

general; and that fo much of the monies from time to time  to  be

being in the receipt of the exchequer of the said consolidated jfpue(iat the

fund, by this a61 made applicable for that purpose, as shall be fuf- exchequer for

ficient to anfvvcr the said annuities, fhall, by the order of the payment of

commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or^more of them, or the annuities.

high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other

warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf, from time

to time, at the refpedfive days of payment in this a6t appointed,

be issued and paid at the said receipt of exchequer to the first or

chief cashier or cafhiers of the said governor and company of the

bank of England, and their fucceflors, for the time being, by

way of impreft, and upon account for the payment of the faid

111  4  annuities  i

Cafhier to pay the fame without delay

Accountant general to examine the catliiers accounts.

Annuities to be added to the 5I. per cents, efta-blifhed by

24  Geo. 3. f. a.c. 39.

25  Geo. 3. c. 32.

34  Geo. 3. c. ai, and

35  Geo. 3. c. 3*.

Book to be kept for entering tranf-fers.

No flarrp

duties to be charged on. transfers. Annuities may be deviled.

Anno regni tricelimo sexto Georgii IIIf c. 122. ti795-

annuities ; and that such cashier or cafhiers, to whom the said monies shall from time to time be Hided, {hall from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due course of the exchequer*

XII.  And it is hereby also enabled, That the laid accountant general for the time being, (hall from time to time infpeCl and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XIII.  And be it further enacted, That all the monies intended to be converted into annuities by virtue of this a61, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one capital or joint flock, on which the said annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum shall be attending, and shall be added to and made part of the joint Hock of annuities with, and shall be redeemable at the fame time and in like manner as the annuities carrying an interest after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, efta-blifhed by the acts of the twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, thirty-fourth, and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majeffy, for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and transport bills and ordnance debentures; and that all and every per-fon or persons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, file, or they shall become entitled as afore-faid by virtue of this a6r, shall have, or be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said ftoek of annuities, at the rate aforesaid ; and that the said whole capital or joint flock, or any share or interest therein, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, shall be afiignable and transferable as this a& direCts, and not otherwife; and that there shall constantly be kept in the office of the said accountant general for the time being, “Within the city of London, a book or books wherein all affign-ments or transfers of the said whole capital or joint ftoek, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered ; which entries shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or if any such party or parties be abfent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies, thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, to be attested by two or more credible witnefles; and that the person or persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall refpeCttvely under-write his, her, or their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of assigning or transferring the said ftoek, and the annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall he good and available in law; and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers, or any of them.

XIV.  Provided always. That all persons pofleflecl of any share Or interest in the said joint ftoek of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the fame by will in writing, attested by two or more credible witnefles, but that no payment shall be

made

1795•] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii HI. c.  S33

made upon any such devise until fo much of the said will as relates to fuh eftate, fhar e, or in ereft, be entered in the said office ; and that in default of such transfer or devise as aforesaid, such fhare, eftate, or intereft, shall go to the executors, adminiffrators, fuc-ccffors, and affigns.

XV.  Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enabled, That the Bank to con-faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their ^k^td^an0” fucceffors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their nu—es are own funds in pursuance of the a<5ls for establishing the fame, or redeemed* any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of

this a (ft, until all the said annuities (hall be redeemed by parliament; and the said governor and company, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of his or their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this a<51.

XVI.  And it is hereby enabled, That no fee, reward, or gra- Penalty for tuity whatfoever, shall be demanded or taken for computing and taking fees marking the intereff on the said bills, or for receiving, taking in, bllh^wntinz or cancelling, the said bills, or any of them, or for granting cer- certificates, S tificates in lieu thereof, as aforesaid, or for issuing the monies for &c. paying the said annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of

any fum, great or fmall, to be made in pursuance of this a£f, upon pain that any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to this act, shall for every offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party grieved, to be recovered, with all costs of fuit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejhnin-jler, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of reltraint, or any more than one imparlance, ihall be granted or allowed.

XVII.  Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That the Treafury may commissioners of the treafury, or anv three or more of them, reward per-now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the [nThe^xec^*^ com miffi oners of the treasury for the time being, shall have power, tjon 0f

and they are hereby authorifed, out of the said consolidated fund, aCt. to reward all such persons as shall be any ways employed in the execution of this aCt, for their fervicc, pains, and labour; and also to defray such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the fame ; and also to fettle and appoint such allowances as they shall think proper for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the cashier or cafhiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities made payable by this acl; and also for the fervice, pains, and trouble, of the said accountant general of the said governor and company for performing the duty and trufh incumbent on or reposed in him by this ad; all which allowances, to be made as aforesaid in refpecf of the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, (hall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notvvithftanding.

XVIII.  And

§34 Anno regni tricesimo fextd Georgii III, c. 123. [1795.

XVIII.  And be it further enadled, That if any persan or persons shall at anv time or times be fued, molefted, or profe-cuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfu-ance of this a£l, or of any matter or thing therein contained. General iflue. such person or persons shall and may plead the general iffue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence ; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their adlion, or be nonfuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them upon demurrer or other wife, then such defendant or defendants Treble colls, shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. CXXIII.

An aft for granting to his Majesty additional duties on foreign wines ' and Britifti fweets7 and on foreign wines fold by auftion,~[ftL*y

*9> J796-]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TY7E, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the VV commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charges oc-cafioned by any loan to be raifed, or stock to be created, by virtue of any a£t or acts for that purpose, palled or to be palled in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein-after respectively mentioned ; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority The following of the fame, That there shall be raised levied, collected, and paid, t^sm°be^id Unt° anc^ ^or U^e k*is Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, for in Great Bri- an^ m refpe(ft of the several matters and things herein-after tain:  mentioned,  over  and  above  all  duties already imposed for or in

refpedl thereof, by any act or a£ls of parliament, the further duties of customs and excile herein-after mentioned $ that is to 1‘ay,

For French For every tun of French wine imported into Great Britain wine import- after the seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred 17 ^796 ^30?•an^ n*nety'^ix’ or  imported  into Great Britain

>  ’  ’after  the palling of this acl, and fo in proportion for any greater

or less quantity, to be paid by the importer thereof, a custom duty of thirty pounds : and for all For every tun of Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the °deF^tun* Pro<^uce Spain* or of any of the dominions of the king of 10 . p^r tun.  ajl(j wjne 0f aq other forts, imported into Great Britain after

I  the

1795 1 Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 123.

the said seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or which (hall be imported into Great Britain after the patting of this adt, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the importer thereof, a custom duty of twenty pounds:

For every tun of French wine, and fo in proportion for any For French greater or less quantity, which (hall have been imported into o^or^efore^ Great Britain on or before the said seventeenth day of April one April 17,1796, thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and which, after the said and afterwards seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- found in any fix, shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the fame (hall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other veflel, after or^hkdi on' the unfhipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, that day was quay, wharf, or other place upon the firfl: landing thereof, or anY cellar which, on the said seventeenth day of April one thousand seven ^d^com^ hundred and ninety-fix, was in any cellar, vault, or warehouse of pany, or cuf-the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl toms or excife-Indies, or in any warehouse under the locks of the customs or warehouie, excife, and which shall not adlual.'y have been charged with any3°*‘* duty by this adt impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand, a custom duty of thirty pounds:

For every tun of Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine an^ the produce of Spaing or of any of the dominions of the king °f ^0iCp^tuti! Spain, and wine of all other forts, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, which shall been imported into Great .

Britain on or before the said seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and which after the said seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, shall be found in any ship or vessel in which the fame shall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other veflel, after the unfhipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the first landing thereof, or which, on the said seventeenth day of April one thousand feven. hundred and ninety-fix, was in any cellar, vault, or warehouse of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies, or in any warehouse under the locks of the customs or excile, and which shall not actually have been charged with any duty by this act impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand, a custom duty of twenty pounds:

For every tun of French wine, and fo in proportion for any For French greater or less quantity, which shall have been found on the ^6r/^excife firfl: actual survey by the proper officer of excise after the said survey after seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- April 17,1796, fix, in the flock, cuflody, or possession of any dealer in or feller’m ftock, 30I.; of foreign wine, to be paid by such dealer or feller, an excise duty of thirty pounds:

For every tun of Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the and for all produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king °f other wtnes, Spairiy and'wine of all other forts, and fo in proportion for any au * per un‘

greater



Duties on French wine fold by auction.

Duties on all other wines fo fold.

For every barrel of sweets made for fale, 12s.

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 123. [1795*

greater or less quantity, which shall have been found on the first actual survey by the proper officer of excife, after the said seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, in the flock, cuftody, or possession of any dealer in, or feller of foreign wine, to be paid by such dealer or feller, an excise duty of twenty pounds :

For every tun of French wine for or in respect whereof none of the duties imposed by an aft, made in the Jafl session of parliament, intituled, An afi for granting to his Mdjefty additional duties of excise on foreign wine and fweets, shall have been paid, and which shall be fold by auftion, and fo in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, thirty pounds:

For every tun of French wine, for or in respect whereof none of the duties by this aft imposed shall have been paid, and which shall be fold by auftion, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, thirty pounds :

For every tun of Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain, and wine of all other forts, for or in respect whereof none of the duties imposed by the said aft of the last session of parliament shall have been paid, and which shall be fold by auftion, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, twenty pounds:

For every tun of Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain, and wine of all other forts, for or in respect whereof none of the duties by this aft imposed shall have been paid, and which shall be fold by auftion, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, twenty pounds:

And for every barrel of liquor which shall be made in Great Britain for sale by infufion, fermentation, or other wife, from fruit or fugar, or from fruit or sugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials whatfoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the name of Made Wines, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the maker thereof, an excise duty of twelve fhillings.

Duties to be II. And be it further enafted, That such of the said duties under the ma- 0f cuftorns by this aft impofed, as shall arise or become due in comm if- ^at: Part Great Britain called England, shall be under the lionsrs of cuf- management of the commissioners of the customs in England for toms and the time being; and such thereof as shall arise or become due excise refpec- jn that part 0f Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the 1 e  management of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland

for the time being; and that such of the excise duties by this aft impofed, as shall arise or become due in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise or become due in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the management of the commiffb oners of excise in Scotland for the time being.

III. And

I795%] Anno regrii tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 123.  837

III.  And be it further enabled, That in estimating the said How wines additional duties hereby imposed on foreign wine, as being found upon such a#ual survey as aforesaid, in the {lock, cuftody, mate(j and or pofleflion, of any dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of, how the du-foreign wine, after the said seventeenth day of April one thou- ties shall be sand seven hundred and ninety-fix, which {hall be in bottles, five reputed quart bottles shall be reckoned to the gallon, and two hundred and fifty-two of such gallons to the tun; and the said additional duties payable on foreign wine, as being found in the (lock, cuftody, or pofteflion, of such dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of, foreign wine as aforesaid, (hall be paid in manner following; that is to fay, one fourth part thereof on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, one other fourth part thereof on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, one other fourth part thereof on the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the remaining fourth part on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

IVh And be it further ena£fed, That the said additional du- ^.ut^s on ties by this act impofed, for or in refpe£t of any such foreign ^ween*0^ wine as hath been imported into Great Britain after the said April 17, and seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety- Aug. 1, 1796, fix, or which {hall be imported into Great Britain at any time to be paid as before the first day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred and tioned'^n1" ninety-fix, {hall be paid by the several and refpe£live importers bond being or proprietors thereof, in the manner and on the days, and in given for pay-the proportions before mentioned, provided the proprietor or  tbe^m be"

proprietors, or importer or importers thereof, {hall enter into of^be^Ine^ bonds to his Majesty, with sufficient fureties, for duly answering and paying the said additional duties to the satisfaction of the said commissioners of the cuftoms, before such wine {hall be delivered to the proprietor or proprietors, or the importer or importers thereof, or to any other person for his or their ufe.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing  to

in this adf contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to ^*Jfenfor° charge with any duty by virtue of this a£t, any foreign wine for which the ad* which the additional duty by this a£t imposed shall have been ditional duty paid on importation thereof, or on having been found in any baYebeen (hip or vellel in which the fame shall have been imported, or in ^tli0°n iior0r~ any lighter, boat, or other vefTel, after the unihipping, and before where the the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other stock does not place, upon the first landing thereof; or on having been in any exceed 252. cellar, vault, or warehouse, of the said united company of mer- Sations* chants, or in any warehouse under the locks of the customs or •cxcife; nor to charge with the said duty any foreign wine in the ftock, cuftody, or poiTefiion, of any dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of, foreign wine, unless such dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, (hall have in his, her, or their ftock, cuftody, or pofief-fion, on such actual survey as aforesaid, after the said seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, a quantity or quantities of foreign wine exceeding two hundred aqd

fifty -

two gallons, reckoning five reputed quart bottles to a gallon

838 Annoregni fricefitno lexto Georgii III. c. 123. [1795*

fifty

for all such wine as shall be in bottles.

Dealers to pay VI. And be it further enadted, That all and every dealer and dealers in, and feller and fellers of, foreign wine fhall, at the respective days and times hercin-before for that purpose pre-fcribed, pay and clear off' all the duties of excise by this aft im*

the duties on flock at the times pre-fcribed, on penalty of double the amount;

pofed, for and in refpeftof all foreign wine found on the fir ft

and audtio-

aftual fiirvey by the proper officer of excife, in the flock, cuftody, or poffeffion, of such dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, upon pain of forfeiting double the amount of such duties.

VII.  And be it further enabled, That the said dirties by this

n^er®to. Pay act impofed, for or in respect of foreign wine fold by auction, \vinesUfold by  be  by the respective auctioneers by whom such wine

auction at the shall be fold, at such respective times as are by any aft or afts of times pre- parliament in force, immediately before the passing of this aft, scribed for limited or prescribed for payment of the duties arifmg from aulliondutv ^es ^7 way °fau(T°n> upon pain of such auctioneers forfeiting

* double the amount of the said duties by this a6t impofed, for or in respect of such foreign wine fold by auftion.

VIII.  And be it further enacted, That all wine taken and condemned as prize, and fold by the captors or their agents, and

on like penalty.

Prize wines taken out of

home con-fumption* liable to the additional duty.

For wine contracted to be iold, the additional duty

™reh°ufe for taken out of any warehouse wherein the fame (hall have been secured to be consumed in this kingdom, in pursuance of an act, palled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An acf for the relief of the captors of prizes with re fpe A to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional duty by this adt imposed for or in respect of wine imported; and such additional duty shall be paid and payable by luch perfons, and in such manner, as the former duties by the said aft: of the thirty-third year* aforesaid impofed, are payable by law.

IX.  And ivhereas contracts ' may have been made for the fate of wine before the fame shall have been charged with the duties by this act impofed; be it therefore enacted, That in all cafes where any wine, whereon the respective duties by this adt imposed shall be charged, (ball have been after the said seventeenth day of April

may be added one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, or shall be delivered to the price. jn pursuance of fnclx contradts or Tales, it shall be lawful for the dealer or dealers in such foreign wine, delivering the fame, to charge fo much money as shall be equivalent to the duties by this aft imposed in respect thereof, in addition to the price of such wine; and such dealer or dealers shall be inti tied by virtue of this aft to demand and be paid the fame accordingly.

X.  Provided always, and be it further enadted, That a draw*' back of the whole duties on foreign wine imposed by this aft

loived on wine fha] 1 be allowed and paid by the collectors of the cuftoms, on tor confump- any fort of such foreign wine intended for the use of admirals, tion byofheers captains, or other commissioned officers employed in his Majef-ty?s fervice, for their actual consumption on board such of his ably to ^ - Geo. Majesty’s ships as they shall respectively serve in, in like manner, 3. c 48. and under the like proviflons, conditions, and reftriftions, as a

draw-

Drawback of the whole duties to be al-

l-1 osted by 

*795'] Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 123.  S39

drawback of the former duties paid on the importation of wines into Great Britain, is directed to be allowed and paid by such collectors by an abl, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An aft to allow the drawback of the duties of cujloms and excise upon wines corfumed by admirals, captains, and other commijfioned officer s, on board /hips of war in actual fervice\ and to allow, such /hips to be supplied with tobacco duty-free.

Xf. And be it further enacted, That on the exportation of Drawback of any foreign wine, for or in refpebl whereof the duties by this aiiowed^^ ab£ imposed (hall have been duly paid, there be allowed and paid exportation by the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, to the exporter of foreign or exporters, a drawback of the said duties upon the fame terms wines, and conditions, and under, fubjebl, and according to the rules, regulations, reiiriclions, provifions, lines, penalties, and forfeitures contained, provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, in and by any abl or abls of parliament in force immediately before the palling of this abl, relating to the exportation of foreign wine, in order to obtain the drawback of the duties of cufloms; and the said rules, regulations, reftribtions, provifions, lines, penalties, and forfeitures, shall be, and the fame refpeblively are hereby directed to be ufed, applied, pracliled, and put in execution on the exportation of wine, for the purpose of obtaining a drawback of the duties by this abl granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said rules, regulations, reftriclions, provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, had been expressly repeated and re-enabled in this abl.

XII.  And be it further enabled, That all such penalties of Recovery and double the amount of the laid duties imposed by this abl, shall be application of sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such ways, means, Penalt*es.

or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejhninfer, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, refpcclively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall inform, difeover, or sue for the fame.

XIII.  And be it further enabled, That the federal duties of  f°r^e

cuftoms by this abl impofed, shall be managed, afeertained, revemie10/^ raifed, levied, collebted, recovered, anfwered, and paid, in such cuftoms, to and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the means, extend to this ways, or methods, by which the duties of customs upon wines ^ties^ciff imported by any abl or abis of parliament in force immediately t0IRS> before the palling of this abl, were or ought to be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collebled, recovered, anfwered, and

paid ; and that all wine for or in refpebl whereof any duty of customs is by this abl impofed, shall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjebl and liable (except where any alteration is expressly made by this abl) to all and every the conditions, rules, regulations, reftribtions, provifions, and forfeitures refpeblivelv, to

which

 Go<  [e

Afts in force re (pelting the revenue of cxcife, to extend to this aft as to the duties of cxcife.

Duties to be carried to the consolidated fund.

Duties to be applied in defraying any increased charge, occa-fioned by any loan of this fcilion, and

Anno regni trkefimo sexto GeorgU lit. c. 123. [1795.

which goods, wares, or merchandize in general were subject and liable, by any aft or afts of parliament in force at and immediately upon the commencement of this aft, respecting the revenue of cuftoms, and all and every fine, penalty, or forfeiture, of any nature or kind wbatfoever, for any offence whatsoever committed againft, or in breach of any aft or afts of parliament in force at and immediately before the commencement of this aft, made for securing the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several powers, directions, claufes, matters, and things therein contained, {hall, and the fame are hereby respectively directed and declared to extend to, and the fame respectively (hall be applied, praftifed, and put in execution for and in respect of the said duties of customs by this aft impofed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatfoever, as if all and every the said afts, claufes, conditions, rules, regulations, reftriftions, provifions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things respectively were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.

XIV.  And be it further enafted, That all and every the powers, direftions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which, in and by an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled, An aft for taking aivay the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service aud purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majefyftn lieu thereof), or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty’s revenue of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided and established for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (hall be practised and put in execution in and for the managing, raifing, levying, collefting, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the said duties of excise upon foreign wine and fweets, respectively hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, rules, direftions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enafted in this present aft.

XV.  And be it further enafted, That all the monies from time to time arising by the feveral. new and additional rates and duties by this aft imposed as aforesaid, (the neceftary charges of raising and accounting for the fame respectively excepted), {hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at TVefrninfery and the said money fo paid in as aforesaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

XVI.  Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the monies to arise from the said duties, or fo much thereof as {hall be fufficient, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charges occasioned by any Joan to be made, or flock to be created, by virtue of any aft or afts pasted or to be passed in this session of parliament;

and

1795*1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 124.  841

and that the said monies, during the space of ten years next for 10 years, enfuing, fha.ll continue to be paid into the said receipt of his duties^ant-d Majesty’s exchequer, diftin£tly and apart from all other branches fo^th^Hke " of the publick revenue, and that there shall be provided and kept purpose, to be in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said kept separate period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies ^ror^ other arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt by virtue of this a£I, (hall, together with the monies ariiing from any other duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charges as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, upon any account whatever.

cap. cxxtv.

An aft for granting' to his Majejiy certain duties on dogs. — [May 19, 1796.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

rE, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, towards railing the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty’s publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as (hall be adequate to the encreased charges occasioned by any loan made, or to be made, or flock to be created, by virtue of any a£l or adds for that purpose, palled, or to be paflfed, in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein-after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enadted; and be it enadfed by the King’s most excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftem-blcd, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, every person who shall keep any greyhound, hound, pointer, setting dog, fpaniel, lurcher, or tarrier, or who shall keep two or more dogs of whatever description or denomination the fame may be, shall be charged and aflefted annually with the sum of five shillings for each greyhound, hound, pointer, setting dog, fpaniel, lurcher, or tarrier, and also for each dog, where two or -more dogs shall be fo kept; and every person who shall inhabit any dwelling houfe, aflefted to any of the duties on inhabited houfes, or on windows or lights, and shall keep one dog and no more, such dog not being a greyhound, hound, pointer, setting dog, fpaniel, lurcher, or tarrier, (hall be charged and aflefted annually, with the sum of three shillings for such dog.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained (hall charge with the said duty any dog or whelp, which, at the time of returning the lift of dogs kept by any person as by this act is required, shall not actually be of the

Preamble.

Vol. XL.

K K K

From July 5, 1796, 5s. to be paid annually for every greyhound, &c, and for every dog whatever where two or more are kept; and 3s. for each dog not being a greyhound, Nowhere only one is kept by a houfe-keeper afleifed to the duties on houfes. -t' Duty not to extend to dogs not 6 months old, the proof ot which to He on the owner.

842 Anno regni triccfimofexto Georgii III. c. 124. [1795,

age of fix calendar months: provided alfo, That if any dispute shall arise touching the age of such dog or whelp, the committion-ers autborifed to execute this act {hall finally determine the fame, on appeal to be made thereupon ; and that upon every appeal to the said commiffioners, for any matter or thing under this act, if the matter in dispute shall be in respect of the age of any dog or whelp assessed to the said duty, the fact that the fame is under the age of fix calendar months, shall lie on the owner or owners of such dog or whelp, who shall claim such exemption, on his, her, or their oath or affirmation, or on the oath or affirmation of one or more credible witness or witneffes, to be tendered by such owner or owners.

Duties to be HI. And be it further enacted, That the duties hereby imposed as the duties* on  raifed, collected, and received, by such

on horfes. perfons, in such and the like form and manner, and with such allowances, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, as are pre-fcribed or appointed for afieffing, raifing, collecting, receiving, and paying, the duties on horfes, in and by certain acts of the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and certain other acts patted in subsequent fettion-s and in the present session of parliament, or in or by any of the said acts ; and that all the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, jurifdictions, claufes, matters, and things, contained in the said acts, relative to the said duties on horfes, and in force at and immediately before the patting of this act for aflcff-ing, raifing, collecting, receiving, and paying, the rates and duties on horses thereby granted, shall be in full force, and shall be extended to, and be duly obferved, practifed, and put in execution, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for afieffing, raifing, collecting, receiving, and paying, the said duties on dogs hereby impofed, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as the fame are or may be obferved, practifed, and put in execution, for afieffing, raifing, collecting, receiving, or paying, the rates and duties granted by the said acts on horfes, and fhall, in the execution of this act, be construed in like manner as if the fame provifioris were specially enacted in this act, fo far as the said powers, rules, authorities, and penalties, and other matters and things, are applicable unto and not altered by this act, except that the fame shall not, by reason of any exemption from the said duties on horfes, in the said acts contained, or any of them, or in any other act, having relation to the duties on horfes, be construed in like cafes to exempt any person from the duties on dogs hereby impofed. nri°Hn °af ^ Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the first (effiments of aflefTment under this act, of the said duties hereby impofed, shall the duty, and be made for three quarters of a year, from the fifth day of "July ofliftsotdogs, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix; and that in the firtt: lift to be made out in pursuance of this act, the fame shall contain the greatest number of dogs kept in the year preceding, and ending on the fifth day of 'July one thpufand seven hundred and

ninety-

 CjOO^Ic

*795-3 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III, c. 124.  3

ninety-fix, and afterwards the faid. affeflrnents (hall be made for one year from the fifth day of Aprilin every year ; and that, in the lifts to be made out for any subsequent year, the fame shall contain the greatest number of dogs kept in the year preceding, and ending on the fifth day of April yearly.

V,  And be it further enaded, That the com milfi oners autho-fifed or appointed, or who shall hereafter be authorised or ap- duties ot^ pointed, for putting in execution the said ads relative to the. horOs to be duties on horfes, shall be commilfioners for executing this ad, commifiionera and the powers herein contained, or hereby directed to be applied, in all and singular the counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities,  W1

boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpedively, within powers, the kingdom of Great Britain, and shall hold their first meeting Their first under this ad at such time or times as they shall appoint, before acting, to the thirtieth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, and afterwards shall meet from time to time for the purpofo of executing this ad, at such days and times as the said commif-fioners for the time being shall think proper to appoint, or as the said commissioners are or (hall be authorised to appoint, for the purpose of executing the said several ads relative to the said duties on horfes, and shall divide themselves into diftrids, and proceed in the execution of this present ad, in such and the fame manner as is preferibed by the said ads relative to the duties on horses ; and the said commifiioners fhall, in all things relative to the duties by this ad impofed, have the like powers, authorities, and jurifdidions, in appointing colledors, making aftefTments, and jn enforcing, correding, and amending, or relieving from the fame, as are given to them by the said ads in like cafes, relative to the duties on horses thereby granted, except fo far as any alte-r ration is made by this ad; and that the several furveyors, infpec- Surveyors,to tors, affeflors, and colledors, respectively appointed or to r be appointed to put in execution the laid several ads relative to the a(ftin like -duties on horses before mentioned, or any of them, shall refpec- manner in the tively be furveyors, infpedors, afTeftors, and colledors, to put in execution qf execution this ad, according to the powers and authorities given this a(^* to them respectively by the said several ads before mentioned, and {hall respectively cause notices for preparing lifts and declarations to be delivered to all and every the persons liable to the duties hereby impofed, at such times and in such manner as by the said ads is required in relation to the said duties on horfes, and which lifts and declarations shall be delivered according to such notices, and under the like penalties, and under and subject to the like powers of being reviewed and furcharged, as are given, appointed, or limited by the said several ads before mentioned; and that all such powers, authorities, matters, and things, shall be put in execution against all and every persons and person whatever, who shall keep any dog or dogs liable to the duty by this ad impofed, whether such persons or person are, is, or shall be liable to the said duties on horses or not; and the said coinmifiioners, and other the persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to ad in the exe-* cution of the said several ads before mentioned, or any of them, fhall, aj)d they are hereby respectively empowered and required

K K. K 2  SO

Commiflion-

trs for taxes ir.ay direcft joint or dif-tii'iCL' notices to bf Riven to persons liable to the diHi< s on h cries, &c. and dogs.

Penalty on afle fibre neg-

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 124. [1795*

to do all other things necefiary for putting this a<£{ in execution with relation to the said duties hereby impofed, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or any of them are or is authorised to put in execution the said a£ls relative to the said duties ornhorfes, or any matters and things therein respectively contained.

VI,  And whereas it may be convenient to enable the assessors to deliver joint or difitift notices to persons liable to any of the duties on horfes, fervants, or carriages, or for wearing hair powder, by any former aft or afts of parliament, or by this ~aft^ on dogs, according to circumstances and as the cohimiffwners for the affairs of taxes shall from time to time dire ft; be it further enabled, That it {hall be lawful for the said commifiioners for the affairs of taxes, at any time after the palling of this abf, to direbt joint or diftinCt notices to be given to the several persons liable to any of the before-mentioned duties, as the said commissioners fpr the affairs of taxes lhail fee convenient; and if any affeffor or affefibrs, who fhali be required by order of the said commifiioners for the affairs of taxes to prepare, fign, or deliver any notice or notices to the person or persons liable to any of the before-mentioned duties, {hall neglect or refuse to prepare, fign, or deliver such notice or le<ftin to " notices, in pursuance of such order, every such affeffor or afiefT-* prepare or de- ors {hall, on complaint thereof made to the commifiioners autho-fiver notices, rifed to carry this a£t into execution, at any meeting held within or for the precinCt of such afleflor or afleflbrs, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty {hillings, as the commifiioners before whom such complaint is heard {hall think fit, to be levied as any other penalty inflicted by such co-minifiioners for neglebl of duty by any law in force maybe levied,

VII.  Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any person {hall be desirous of compounding for the number of hounds ^imd°for the bY him* her, or them kept in any year, and {hall give notice duty.'  thereof within the time herein-after mentioned to the collector or

collectors of the duty imposed by this act for any parish or place where such person fhali be liable to be afTefled, of his or her intention fo to do, and {hall pay, or cause to be paid, the full sum of fifteen pounds, within thirty days after the fifth day of July one thousand leven hundred and ninety-fix, and in any fubfequenti ..year, fhali pay, or cause to be paid, the sum of twenty pounds, within thirty days after the fifth day of April in such year, such person {hall not be liable to be afiefled in respect of any hounds by him or her kept in the year preceding such notice and payment ; provided that if such person {hall be liable to be afiefled in refpebt of the said duty,in two or more parishes or places, then he or {he fhali cause to be given the, like notice to the proper officers in every parish or place where he or she fhali be liable to be afiefled; and fhali declare in which parish or place such composition is intended to be made ; and every collebtor tp whom such composition fhali be paid, fiiall give a receipt for the fame, as and for a com-poiition for the duty by this abt impofed,

VIII, And

Perfons keeping hounds may com-

x795*7 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii ,III. c. 124.  845

VIII* And be it further enabled, That all the monies from Duties to be time to time arising by the duties by this a£I imposed as aforesaid,

(the necessary charges of raifirig and accounting for the fame funtj# refpecSlively excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at IVefhninfler; and the said money fo paid in as aforesaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund. -

IX.  Provided always, and be it further enacled, That the^jjeafo de monies to arise from the said duties, or fo much thereof as shall frying the be fufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, encreased for the purpose of defraying the encreased charge occasioned by charge occa-any loan made by virtue of any a£I passed in this session of parlia-

ment, and that the said monies during the space of ten years next fcff10n anct enfuing, shall continue to be paid into the said receipt of his for io years, Majesty’s exchequer, diftin£lly and apart from all other branches together with of the publick revenue ; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said she fame pur-period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies pofe, kept arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt by apart from virtue of this a£f, shall together with the monies arising from any 0Lher momcs# other duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered Separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, upon any account whatever.  .  .

X.  And be it further enabled, That if any action or fuit shall  0

be brought or commenced against any person or perfons, for any

thing done in pursuance of this a£f, then and in every such cafe, the said a£fion or fuit shall be commenced within fix calendar months after the fatft committed and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the county or place where the cause of avSlion shall , arife, and not elfewhere; and the defendantor defendants in such Generaliffue. adfion or fuit to be brought, may plead the general iffue, and give this a<ft, and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this a<ft; and if it shall appear to be fo done, or if any such action or fuit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other county, city, or place, than as aforesaid, then and in every such cafe, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if upon such verdltft, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their aJtion, or if a verdi& shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and Treble cofts* have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of fuit in other cafes by law.

CAP;

K K K 3

Anno regni tricefimO fextd Ge5r6ii III

c. 125.

Preamble.

&4 Geo. 3. itir. z. c. 51.

CAP. CXXV,

An afi foY the belter collection of the duty on butt.—[May 19* 1796.] Moil gracious Sovereign,

X 7 H K R E A S, by on obi faffed in the twenty-fourth year of V V the reign of his present Majejly, certain rates and duties are unpofed on licences granted to perjons uttering, vending, or felling by retail^ any hats therein mentioned, and also several other rates and dirties on hats uttered., vended, or fold, in Great Biitain: we, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal fubjecls, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aifembled, thinking it expedient that the said rates and duties on hats should be collected under the provisions herein-after mentioned, do mod humbly beseech your Majefly that it may be enacted -y and be it enacted by the. King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Prom Aug, 5, parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, of recired^adfc1 ^ronl ar,d a^ter the fifth day of Auguft one thousand seven hundred as relates to and ninety fix, fo much of the said recited a6l as relates to the j(Tiling-,andaf- issuing of damped paper tickets by the commidioners of his fixing damped Majesty’s damp duties, or to the affixing such damped tickets in hat^ and1 the or uPon the hats liable to the said duties, by the respective deal-provifions for ers hi such hats, and all penalties and provisions therein contained enforcing the for enforcing the due collection of the said duties on hats, ihall theck*?” cea^e anc^ determine, and that from thenceforth the said duties toCte^feeS,  he raifed, levied, colleded, and paid under the provifions,

and subject to the penalties herein-after contained and exprefTed. of ftam^s°toTS  And  be it further enacled. That for the better and more

prov$dePS ° effectual levying and colleding the said duties on hats, according itamps, and to the provisions of this ad, the commissioners for the time put this ad in being appointed to manage the duties charged on (lamped vellum, execution. parchment, and paper, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered and required to provide and ufefuch (lamps, to denote the said duties on hats, as shall be requisite for the execution of this ad, and from time to time to alter or renew the lame, or make new stamps to denote the said duties, as they, or the major part of them, (hall think fit, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this ad into execution with relation to the said duties on hats, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamp duties of any kind whatever.

III.  And be it further enaded, That, from and after the said fifth day of Angufl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, the calculated ac- rates of duty by the said recited ad impofed, shall be calculated cording to atj anc| according to the full price and value of the hats in respect of which such duty shall be charged, and of all the mountings and other ornaments (except gold and silver lace) fold orexpofed to sale therewith \ arid that every hat made wholly of felt, wool

fluff;

From A«g%

5> I796> duty to be

t-he full price of the hat.

1795*1 Annoregnl tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 125,  847

duff. beaver, or leather, or any iini.xture of the said fubdances, or any of them, or with any other fubllance or fubdances by whatever name such hat (hall be called or Jiflinguifhed, shall be liable to the said duties by the said recited a<d imposed ; and every (uch hat which, from and after the fifth day of Auguji one thousand  on  the

feven hundred and ninety-fix, (hall be fold and delivered, (hall, lining, previous to such delivery, be lined or covered in the inside of the crown thereof with fillc, linen, or other proper materials, whereon a durable mark or (lamp can conveniently be affixed, to denote the duties by the said recited a6l impofed, and on which materials a (lamp or mark, to be provided by the said commissioners in pursuance of this a£l, (hall have been (lamped or marked, according to the rate of duty calculated as aforesaid, and according to the directions of this a<d,

IV.  ^ And be it further enabled, That for the greater convent- Shapes for ence in (tamping such materials as aforesaid, any person or per- ^fent to the fons whatever may bring or (end, or cause to be brought or lent, office to be to the head office of (lamps, any quantities proper to be ufed, and ftampt. intended to be ufed, for the purpose of lining and covering the

infide of the crown of such hats, and cut into (hapes for that purpose, to be marked and (lamped with such marks and (lamps, to be provided as aforesaid, to denote the rates of duties payable for the hats to which (uch materials are to be affixed, as the person or persons bringing the fame ffiall require; and the said com- An account miffioners, or their officers to be employed under them for that ^er^br^u^ht purpose, or some of them, fhall, from time to time, before the andtheduties* (aid materials (hall be (lamped, take an account of the number to be entered of (hapes which (hall be at any one time brought to the said head in a book, and office to be (lamped, and of the several rates and duties required by the person or persons bringing the fame to be (lamped thereon, on payment * and enter the fame in a book or books to be provided and kept of the duty, for that purpose; and upon taking such account thereof, (hall mark or (lamp with one of the (aid (lamps, one of the pieces of every such lining, in such part thereof, and in such manner, as that the (lamp put thereon (hall be and remain visible and con-fpicuous when and after the fame (hall have been affixed to any hat, in the manner intended and to be declared as herein is mentioned, the person or persons bringing the fame to be fo (lamped as aforesaid paying to the receiver general of the (lamp duties for the time being, or his clerk, the several duties payable for the fame by virtue of the said recited a cl, subject to such discount and allowance thereon as is herein-after provided, which damp or mark, when put on such lining or inside covering, in pursuance of this adl, (hall be afufficient discharge for the duty denoted thereby to be paid.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enabled. That it shall Commiffion-he lawful for the commissioners of the said damp duties for the accaun^ts°w1th time being, or the major part of them, to open an account in dealers or ma-books to be provided by the said commissioners for that purpose, nufa&urers,on with any person or persons carrying on the trade and business of certain con.

a dealer or dealers in, or a manufa&urer or manufadturers of, ditions.

K K K 4  linings

■ >y

CO

48 Anmorcgm tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 125. [1795.

linings for hats, by this aft required to be stamped as afofefaid, who respectively shall have, given, or csufed to be given, to the satisfaction of the said commiffioners, security by bond to* his Majedy, his heirs and fucceffors, for the payment of the duties at the times and in the manner to be prescribed by the said com* miffioners as herein-after is mentioned, and from time to time, at the request of such person or perfons, to stamp such materials or linings as (hall be brought to the said head office for that pur-pofe, and to return the fame fo stamped upon the credit of such person or perfons, he, lhe, or they first delivering, or causing to be delivered, to the said commissioners or their officers, a note in writing, fignea by him, her, or them refpeftively, of the quantities of linings from time to time required to be {tamped, and the amount and denomination of the stamps required to be put thereon, and on the re-delivery of such linings fo ftamped, fign-ing or causing to be signed a sufficient receipt for the fame, for which payments, if the fame shall be duly performed according to the directions of the said commiffioners, the like allowances by way of discount may be made as are herein directed in cafe of present payment of the said duties; and that every person upon whose credit any linings stamped according to the directions of this aft (hall be returned, and payment thereof forborne, shall previously give or cause to be given bond to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, in such form as the said commissioners may think reafonable, fo as the fame may in no cafe be less than the penal sum of one hundred pounds fterling, but shall not in cafes requiring a higher security exceed in any cafe the probable amount of the duty which shall be payable by such person or perfons, for any space of time not exceeding one year, nor less than fix months, with a condition that if such person or persons shall from time to time, well and truly make payment of all such sum and sums of money which shall be due and payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, such bond shall be void', but otherwise to be and remain in full force; and it shall be lawful for the said commiffioners, or the major part of them, to fix the times and periods of making such payments, and to specify the fame in the condition to every fuchbond,- and which shall not in any cafe be by less than two payments in the year, at equal intervals as nearly as tnay be; and every such bond may be renewed from time to time in the discretion of the said commiffioners, or the major part of them, as often as the fame shall be forfeited, or the party or parties or any of them shall die, become bankrupt or insolvent, or reside in parts beyond the Teas;'and every such bond shall at any time, at the request of the obliger or obligers therein, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns; be delivered up to be cancelled, or otherwife, if, in the discretion of the said commiffioners, the fame shall be detained, then the fame shall be put in fuit for some breach thereof before the end of the second term after such request made, or in default thereof shall be void*

VI. Pro-

1795-]  regni tricesimo lexto Georgii III. c. 125.  .8

VI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thit it {hall Licenced and may be lawful for any dealer or dealers in hats, being re- ^ fpeelively licenced in pursuance of the said recited act, during un^mpljintd the continuance of such licence, to fell to any other dealer or hats toons dealers in hats licenced in like manner, any such hat or hats another, wherein no lining {hall be affixed, {tamped, or marked, as by' this

act is direCt^d.

VII.  And be it further ena&ed, That the person or perfons

bringing any linings or inflde coverings for the crowns of hats  £

to be marked or (tamped as aforesaid, lhall, on request made by declare the

the said commiffioners, or any of their officers, declare the uses ufe$ of the

of the different parts or pieces of any lining or inside covering fo

brought, and also the form and manner of affixing every part ntT

and piece thereof in the crown of any hat, and {hall ihew, to thereof in the

their fatisfaCtion, in what part of such lining or inside covering hat, and

the mark or ffamp can be put thereon, fo that such mark or

{tamp fo put thereon, when the fame {hall be affixed in or to any a^ed?o be

hat, {hall be vilible and conspicuous ; and the said commiffion-'vifible.

ers, being satisfied therewith, (hall cause the fame to be marked Commiffion-

or {lamped according to the directions of the person or persons ers to caufe

bringing the fame, and they, or any three or more of them, are

hereby authorised and required, from time to time, to make such cordffi^k^

regulations as they ffiall think fit and neceffary, as well to pre- and to make

vent the concealment of the ffamp upon any linings or inside regulations to

coverings affixed to or in any such hats, as to prevent the stamps ^eahuent of"

fold and disposed of therewith, from being made use of again for ftamps, or

the like purpose, contrary to the provisions of this aCt; which re- their being

gulations aforeffiid, fairly printed, by order of the said commif- madeuieof

{loners, shall be delivered to all and every dealer or dealers afore-

faid now licenced, upon h*is, her, or their applying for the fame, dealers!

and to all and every person and persons to be hereafter licenced,

at the time of his, her, or their taking out the fir ft licence, to be

taken out after the palling of this aCt, and fo from time to time

with every future licence that {hall be granted, if any variation or

alteration lhall have been made in any of such regulations.

VIII.  And be it further enaCied, That, from and after the None but ma-faid fifth day of Augitji one thousand seven hundred and ninety- ^r-1 llcexicecf^ fix, no person or persons (other than manufacturers of hats, or dealers, felling such licenced dealers as aforesaid felling hats to other licenced tponeano-dealers, as herein-mentioned), lhall fell and deliver upon fale, or ther, to fell ot s cause to be fold and delivered upon fale, any hat or hats subject bar^r un-

to the said {tamp duties by the said recited act impofed, or lhall withuiiftamp* receive or cause to be received any thing or value, by way of edlinings,&c. barter or in exchange for any hat subject to the said recited du- on penalty of ties, or any of them, wherein no lining or inside covering (hall be 10** affixed at the time of such sale or delivery, or wherein there shall be a lining or inside covering affixed, that shall not be marked or damped according to the directions of this aCt, or that (hall not be marked or {tamped with a mark or {tamp, placed and affixed in the inside of the crown thereof, in Inch manner as to be visible and conspicuous therein, or that (hall be marked or

damped

Penalty of 1 ol. for affixing stampt linings, after having been ufed, to Other hats.

Penalty of sol. for receiving pn sale (except licenced dealers from one another), or wearing hats, without un-ftampt linings.

Licenced dealers may fend to the office not less than a dozen lined hats to be ftampt.

Anno regm trlcefimo sexto Georgii III, c. 115. [1795*

ftamped with a mark or {tamp of less denomination or value than bv the laid ret ited a£t and this a£t is directed and required, under pain that all ar d every such person and persons fo offending {hall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is mentioned.

IX.  And be it further enadted. That if any person {hall, from and after the (aid fifth day of Auguji one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, cut out or tear out, or cause to be cut or torn out, from tiny such hat as aforesaid, the lining or inside covering thereof, or any piece or part of such lining or inside covering, which lining or inside covering, or piece or part thereof, shall bear the impression of any mark or (tamp provided by virtue Of this aeft, after the fame lining or inside covering shall have been tiled or Worn, or disposed of with such hat or hats, with an intent to affix the fame, or cause the fame to be affixed, to any other hat or hats liable to any of the said recited duties, or with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the said duties, or fhall, with like intent, affix, or cause to be affixed, any lining or inside covering, or any piece or part of any lining or inside covering, bearing the impression of any such mark or {lamp, after the fame shall have been used or worn, or fold or disposed of therewith, all and every the person and persons fo offending in any of the particulars before mentioned, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after directed.

. X. And be it further enadled, That, from and after the said fifth day of Auguji one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, if any person or persons (other than licenced dealers), buying hats from other licenced dealers as aforesaid, shall receive on fale, or if any person or persons fhall, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, wear or use any hat fubjeeft to any of the duties by the said recited a£l impofed, wherein no lining or inside covering shall be affixed at the time of such delivery, or if such hat, being fo used or worn, wherein a lining or inside covering shall be affixed, shall not be marked or stamped according to the directions of this aeft, or shall not be marked or stamped with a mark or stamp placed therein in a vilible and conspicuous manner, then every such person offending therein, fhall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

XI.  Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That any dealer in hats duly licenced in pursuance of this add, may bring or fend, or cause to be brought or fent, to the said head office, any number of hats not less than one dozen at any one time, whereon a lining or inside covering as aforesaid shall then be affixed, to be marked and stamped with such marks and stamps as aforesaid as the person or persons fo licenced shall require, subject to such account of the number of the hats fo brought, and of the rates and duties payable for the fame, as herein-before is directed with respect to linings brought to be ftamped5 and the said com-

miflioners

1795*] Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 125.  851

miffioneis or their officers (hall cause the lining or inside cover-ing of every such hat then affixed therein, to be marked and {tamped in some conspicuous and visible part thereof, according to the directions herein before contained, and the person or persons ib bringing such hats to be (tamped (hall pay, or cause to he paid, the duties payable for the fame, fiibjed to the like difeount and allowances as is herein directed to be made on payment of the said duties; and that it {hall and may be lawful for any dealer or and mayfelj dealers in hats fo licenced^ during the continuance of iuch licence, ^s^ined to fell to any other dealer or dealers in hats licenced in like man- forfait? for ner, any such hat or hats lined as aforesaid, for the purpose of home con-felling the lame again for home confumption, or to any person or iumption,^or^ persons whatever for exportation, before such time as the lining fo/"*portal8 or inside covering thereof {hall have been marked or stamped in tion, without manner before directed: provided always, That nothing in this being ftampt. ad contained {hall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject Perfons not any person to the penalty hereby impofed, for using or wearing liable to pe-any hat which (hall have been duly damped or marked according vvearin^ hats to the directions of the said recited ad, and which shall have been itaropt^c- * used or worn at any time before the fifth day of Augujl one thou- cording to re-fand seven hundred and ninety-fix : provided alfo, That the proof cited atft, if of such hat having been marked or damped according to the di- ^orn kefoie regions of the said recited a cl, or of its having been used or worn before the fifth clay of Augujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, {hall lie on the person accufed.

Xli. And be it further enaded, That if in any adion, fuit. Proof of'duty or information, for any offence in using or wearing any hat or hats contrary to this act, any dispute (hall arise whether the duty been paid, to by the said recited ad imposed hath been duly paid for such hat lie on the or hats, the proof of the fad that the duty has been paid for such owner of the hat or hats (hall lie on the owner of such hat or hats, or persons ^at* accused of using or wearing the fame contrary to this abb.

XIII.  Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if Perfons of-any person or perfons, who (hall offend against this ad, (hall, be- ^awrhf ^the •fore his, her, or their conviction of or for such offence, discover o?her'party, the other person or persons offending therein, the person or per- if convicted, fons fo difeovering shall be admitted to give evidence against the freed from, party informed against or profecuted; and in cafe such person or Penahy* persons fo informed against or prosecuted be thereupon convided,

fhall be freed and discharged from any penalty or penalties, forfeiture or forfeitures, by him, her, or them incurred for any offence against this ad previous to such difeovery.

XIV.  And be it further enaded, That if any stamp or mark Stamped lin-impreffed upon any lining or inside covering by virtue of this ad,

or any lining or inside covering whereon any such mark or der recited a<ft stamp is marked or ftamped, shall be damaged in affixing the fame not ufed, may in or to any hat as aforesaid, or in stamping the fame, or other- be cancelled wife, fo as to be rendered unfit for ufe, and such lining or inside covering shall not have been used or worn, or fold or disposed of, with any hat or hats, or if any stamped paper tickets, provided under the said recited ad, (hall, from and after the pa fling of

this

852 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 125, [1795.

this a£f, remain in the possession of any licenced dealer in hats which shall not have been ufed, or worn, or fold, or disposed of, with any hat or hats, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons licenced in pursuance of this ad, to bring all such linings or inside coverings fo damaged, or any linings or inside coverings having any damaged marks or damps imprefftd thereon, or at any time within one calendar month after the said fifth day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, to bring any such damped paper tickets which shall not have been ufed, or worn, or fold, or disposed of as aforesaid, to the commillioners for managing the said duties, at their head office, or to some officer or officers appointed by them; and the said commillioners, or the major part of them, are hereby respectively empowered and required to examine upon oath or folerrm affirmation, which oath or solemn affirmation the said commillioners, or the major part of them, are hereby authorised to adminifter, into all or any circumstances relating to the fame, and upon due proof made, to the satisfaction of the said commiffioners, or the major part of them, of the value of the respective stamps brought to the said commiffioners, and also that such linings or inside coverings fo damaged, or having impressed thereon any marks or stamps fo damaged, and luch stamped paper tickets as aforesaid, or any of them, have not, nor hath before been used or worn, or fold or disposed of With any hat or hats, then and in every such cafe it {hall and may be lawful for the said commiffioners, or the major part of them, to direft the proper officer or officers, and such officer or officers is and are hereby required and directed, to cancel such damaged marks or stamps impressed upon such linings or inside coverings, and also to cancel such stamped paper tickets, and to mark or stamp any linings or inside coverings in lieu thereof, with marks and stamps of the fame denomination and value, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, any sum or other consideration for fo doing.

Perfon scarry- XV. And be it further enabled. That if any person or persons for sale \vithtS  fr°m and after the said fifth day of Auguft one thousand

out lining or seven hundered and ninety-fix, h&wk or carry about for sale any not duly hat or hats liable to any of the said recited duties, without any ihmpt, may lining or inside covering affixed thereto or therein, or without a helped and ^n*ng or inside covering duly marked and stamped with a mark carried before or ftamP visible and conspicuous on some part thereof, as by this a magiftrate, aft is direfted, to denote the payment of the duty for the fame at and the ?p- the rate aforesaid, it shall and may lawful for any person to feize, conviSfon of aPPre^end^ and carry before any justice of the peace of the the offender county, riding, divifion, {hire, ftewartry, city, or place, where to be entitled such offence ffiall be committed, any such person or persons fo to40s.  offending; and every person fo seizing or apprehending fuch

offender or offenders, and carrying him, her, or them before such justice of the peace as aforesaid, upon conviction of every such offender or offenders, by his, her, or their own confeffion, or by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnefles, and producing a. certificate of such conviction under the hand of

fuch

1795-1 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii HI. c. 125.  853

fuch juftice, which certificate the said justice is hereby required

to give (without fee to be taken for the fame}, {ball be entitled

to a reward of forty {hillings, to be paid by the receiver general Offenders

of his Majesty’s (lamp duties and it {ball and may be lawful for

any such justice of the peace to commit every such offender, fo houfeof cor-

apprehended and convicted as aforesaid, to the house of correc- redion.

tion, for any time not exceeding fix nor less than two calendar

months, as to such justice (hall seem meet.

XVI.  And be it further enabled, That the said commiffion-Tifeountto be ers for the time being, appointed to manage the duties upon ™a^eoilPur~ stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, (hall allow and pay to to amo*Unt the respective persons that (hall purchase (lamps at the head office, of id.

to the amount of ten pounds at any one time, in pursuance of this ad, such allowance by way of difcount, as thexommiffioners of his Majesty’s treasury (hall from time to time dired, upon the present payment of the said duty or duties upon the said stamps fo to them (applied.

XVII.  And be it further enabled, That where any person or Price of hats persons {hall make any bargain for the sale of any hat or hats, *n bargains subject to the duties by the said recited ad impofed, or {hall de- diftinA^fted liver in any bill or charge for any such hat or hats fold, such per- from duties, fon and persons respectively (hall diftinguiffi the price of every

fuch hat from the amount of the duty payable thereon, and {hall, in every such bill or charge, also make a distinct and separate charge for the {lamp or stamps which {hall have been imprefted upon the linings or inftde coverings of such hat or hats fo charged in such bill.

XVIII.  And be it further enaded, That it {hall and may be not less lawful to and for any person or persons to export from the lawful

quays, in the lawful hours, and in the manner herein direded, may beex-^ any number of hats, not less in quantity than one dozen in any ported urilin-one package, either lined or unlined, and if lined, then without ed> or with the fame being stamped or marked, as by this ad is direded. linings**

XIX.  And be it further enaded, That if any person or per- per^°n* coun fons (hall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or terfeking; forged, any (lamp or mark directed to be allowed or ufed, or ftamps, &c. provided, made, or ufcd, in pursuance of this ad, dr shall coun- guilty of fe-terfeit or resemble the impression of the fame, with intent to de- *ony* fraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceftbrs, or {hall utter, vend, or fell, orexpofe to fale, orcaufe or procure to be uttered, vended, or fold,

or exposed to fale, any piece of filk, linen, or other material or thing, with such counterfeit mark or {lamp thereon, knowing such <mark or (lamp to be counterfeited, or if any person {hall privately or fraudulently use any (lamp or mark, directed of allowed to be used by this ad, with intent and design to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors, of any of the (aid duties, then every such person fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and {hall suffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit ot clergy.

XX; And be it further enaded, That all powers, provifions. Powers of articles, claufes, and all other matters and things prescribed or former ads

appointed r^uinS to

854 Anno regni tricesimo fe±to Georgii III. c. 125. [1795.

ftamp duties appointed by any former a£t or atfts of parliament relating to tG any ^amP duties, except in cafes where other powers, penalties> isav. . or provisions are made dr preferred by this act in lieu thereof* shall be of full force and effe£l with relation to the rates and duties by this a6l impofed, and shall be applied and put in execution for raifing, levying, collecting, and fecu ring; the fa id rates and duties by this a£t impofed, according to the true intent and meaning of this a£t, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the fame had severally and refpeCtively been repeated in this present aCt.

Application of XXL And be it further enaCted, That all pecuniary penal-penalties. ties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed (if sued for within the space of fix calendar months from the time of any such penalties being incurred), in manner' following that is to fay, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who (hall inform or sue for the fame.

Recovery of XXII. And be it further en^Cted, That all pecuniary penalties penalties. imposed on any person or persons for offences committed against this a Cl, shall and may be lued for and recovered, with full cods of fait, in his Majesty’s court of exchequer at IVeftminJier, for offences committed in England, and in his Majesty’s court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in Scotland, by aClion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein noeffoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

Tullices may XXIIL Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That it shall hear and de- and may be lawful to and for any juftiee of the peace residing termine of- near the place where the offence (hall be committed, to hear and bn^to^ecu-** determine any offence against this aCh, which fubjeCts the offender many penal- t0 any pecuniary penalty, which laid juftiee of the peace is hereby ties, and levy authorised and required, upon any information exhibited, or com-the fame by plaint made in that behalf, at any time within fix calendar months di ft re fs. after such offence shall have been committed against .this acf, to summon the party accufed, and also the witness or witnesses on either fide, and shall examine into the matter of fuel, and upon due p^oof made thereof, either by the voluntary conftffion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witneffes^ (which oath he is hereby impowered to adminifter), to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in or by this act is directed, (all which penalties and forfeitures fo adjudged (hall be divided and diftributed, one moiety thereof to the informer or informers who shall prosecute for the fame, and the other moiety thereof, the neceftary charges for the recovery thereof being first deduced, shall be paid to the use of his J/Jajefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in the manner herein-after directed), and to* award and iffueout his warrant, under his hand and feal, for levying any such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures fo adjudged, on the goods of the offender or offenders, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in cafe they shall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus, (if any),

and

1795*] Aanoregni tricesimofextoGEORGii III. c. 125,

and where goods of the offender cannot be found sufficient to

anfvver the penalty or penalties, to commit the said offender or Offendersmay

offenders to the house of corre&ion, there to remain for the fpace

of three calendar months, unless such pecuniary penalty or penal- diftrefT °

ties shall be sooner paid and fatisfied; and if any person or per- .  .

fons shall find him or herfelf, or themfelves, aggrieved by the j^ade to

judgement of any luch juftice, then he, (he, or they, (hall and the quarter

may, upon giving security to the amount of the value of such leffians.

penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as finall be

awarded, in cafe such judgement (hall be affirmed, appeal to the

ju(Vices of the peace at the next general or quarter sessions for the

county, riding, divifion, (hire, ftewartry, or place, wherein the

offence was committed, who are hereby empowered to lummon

and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and detei%

mine the fame; and in cafe the judgement (liall be affirmed, it

(hall and may be lawful for such justices of the peace to award

the person or persons fo appealing to pay such cods, occafioned

by such appeal, as to them the said justices shall seem meet.

XXIV.  And be it further enabled, That if any person or Penalty of 5I, persons (hall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evi- on witnesses dence before such justice or justices of the peace, touching any *prdefault* of the matters relative to this adl, either on the parr of the pro-.

fecutor, or of the person or persons accufed, and (hall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their negie£l or refufal, tp be allowed of by such juftice.or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then.every such person (hall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as in and by this a£t is directed as to other penalties.

XXV. And, in order to avoid frivolous and vexatious appealsy be Juftices to

it further enacted, That the justice of the peace before whom caufeconvic-any offender (hail be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said made quUa conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, or the following in any other form of words to the like effeil, ?nutatis mutandis, which conviction (hall be good and effectual, to all intents and purposes, without dating the cafe, or the fails or evidence, in any more particular manner; vthat is to fay),

4 jR ^ ft remembered, That on the  day  of  form.

X> in the year of our Lord  A.  B.  of

in the county of  was  convicted  before  me

C.  D. one of his Majesty’s justices of the peace for the said county, redding near to the place where the offence was committed, for that the said A. B. on the  day  of

ndW'laft pall, at the  of  in  the

faid county of  did  [here (late the offence againf the

aft] contrary to the statute in that cafe made and provided.

Given under my hand and feal, the  day  of

Which 

feffions to be bled.

Juft ice may mitigate penalties.

856 Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III.c. 125. [1795#

Convibhonsto Which conviction the said juftic£ (hall cause to be written fairly Uie^uartert0 uPon Parc^ment> and returned to the next general or quarter - -  •  sections  of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, (hire,

ftewartry, or place, where such conviction was made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and there to remain and be kept among the records of the fame ccunty, riding, divilitin, fhire, ftewartry, or place: provided always neverthelefs, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said juftice, where he shall fee caufe, ro mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit, the realonable costs of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the fame, being always allowed, over and above such mitigation, and fo as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges, any thing contained in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding; and such conviction shall not be removed by Certiorari into any court whatfoever.

XXVI. And be it further enafted, That at the end of every

Con vicious not removeable.

69I 17s.9d.

to be fet aPquarter of a* year after the palling of this aft; (that is to fay), on otThe dudes the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, the fifth day granted by re- of Aprils and the fifth day of July, in every year, there shall be cited act, and fet apart, at the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, out of the der tob'e*1" mon*es arising from the duties on hats granted by the said recited phLun^de-  the  furn  tw0 thousand three hundred and fixty-nitie

fraying the in-pounds seventeen (hillings and nine-pence, being one fourth part crealed charge Qf the average yearly produce for three years next before and an^loan of ending on the fir ft day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred and tnis fftfion, ninety-five, of the said duties ; and that after setting apart such quarterly sums as aforesaid, the remainder of the monies arising from the said duties (hall be.-deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned the1 fame* p4ur- by any l°an rnade, or stock created or to be created, by virtue of pofe, kept fe- any aft or afts passed or to be passed in this fellionof parliament^ parate from anc{ that during the space of ten years next enfuing, there shall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, a bock or books, in which all the surplus monies arising from the said duties, and paid into the laid receipt, fhall, together with any monies arising from any rates and duties granted in this section of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid, or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account whatever. ?

XXV If. And be it further enafted, That if any action or fuit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, then and in every such cafe the (aid action or fuit (hall be commenced within fix calendar months after the faft committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the county or place where the cause of action shall a rife, and not elsewhere ; and the defendant or defendants General iffue. jn such action or. fuit to be brought may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the special matter in evidence at any trial

to

and for ten years, with other duties granted for

all other monies.

Limitation of adtipns.

1795-3 Annoregni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 126.  $5?

*obe had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the authority of this a£t; and if it shall appear to be fo done, or if any such action or fuit (hall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or shall be brought in any other county, city, or place than as aforesaid, then and in every such cafe the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if upon such verdi6f, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, or discontinue his, her, or their affion, or if a verdi<5t shall pals against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgement shall he given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, th£ defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and  co  80

.have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of fuit in other cafes by law.

CAP. CXXVI.

An aft for granting to his Majesty a certain film of money out of the cQnfolidated fund, for the service of the year one thousand fcven hundred and ninety-fix; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.—[May 19, 1796.]

3,500,000k may be issued out of the consolidated fund; which may be raised by loans or exchequer bills on the credit of the laid fund. Money lent on security of this act not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be ftruck, Sec. Orders for repayment to be registered and paid in courfe. No fee to be taken for regiftering, &c. on penalty of treble value and cofts, and also loss of place. Not to be deemed undue preference which orders of the fame date, brought the fame day, are entered firft, fo they are all entered; nor if subsequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for paymentf if money be referred to discharge them. Orders alftgnable. Treafury may order the sum hereby granted to be raised by exchequer bills, in the manner prescribed by the malt a£t of the present feliion ; the provisions of which adt (except l'uch as charge the bills on the malt duties, and limit the rate of intereft) to extend to this. Bills and intereft, Scc. to be discharged out of the consolidated fund. Bank may advance 3,500,000k on the credit of this adt. Monies raised by the malt duties, land tax, annuities; further annuities; lottery; and 3,500,000k out of consolidated fund, to be applied (with the re ft due of the sale of French prizes) to the uses hereafter expreffed. 7,053,552k is. 8d. for naval fervices\ for 1796.  500,000k  for  discharging  the  navy

debt. 875,4.88b J4S. id. for land service of the ordnance, for 1796.

3791.4s. 4d. for ditto, previous to Dec. 31, 1783. 4.5,656k os. 5d. for ditto in 1794. 61,000k 8s. 9d. for fea'fervice of ditto in 1794.. 763,046k 13s. 6d for land service of ditto in 1795. 310,194k 15s. tid. for services of the ordnance prior to Dec. 31, 1795.  300,000k  to  the  king  of Sar-

dinia. 11,707,399k 9s. lod, for land forces in 1796; viz. 1,358,634k 3S. 9d. for 49,319 effective men, officers, See. in Great Britain,

Guernfcy, and Jerfey. 1,666,900k 3s. 6d. for forces and garrisons in the plantations, Gibraltar, Corlica, and New South Wales. 40,195k 4s. 9d. for difference between Bvitifh and Irifh pay of fix regiments abroad.

8,345k 16s. 3d. for regiments in East India. 360,000k for recruiting, contingencies, &c.  120,000k for the encreased rates for quartering fol-

diers. 103,642k is, 3d. for general, ftaff, and hospital officers in Great Britain, See. 9,359k iSs. 6d. for ditto, on an expedition under general Glarke. 127,77^1. 14s. rid. for supernumerary officers. 343,490k 13s.

5d. to the paymaster general, secretary at war, Sec. 118,873k 18s. 6d. for reduced officers of land forces and marines. 126k is. 6d. for reduced officers, See. Of the horse guards. . 1000I. for officers late in the service of the states general. 52,500]. for reduced officers of the British American forces, and 7,500k for allowances to them. 917,294k 14s id. for the militia and feucibks, and aio,oocl, for their contingencies, &c,

VOL, XL.  LLL  ioS^Sh

Anno regni tricesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 127. [1795.

108,5381. 17s. id. for militia cloathing. 4.70,6361. 19s. 8d. for fencible cavalry. 115,0001. for allowances and extra feed to ditto. 146,0571. 4s. ad. for Chelfea holpital. 10,9331. 16s. 9d. for widows penfions. 438>035l. 3s. ad. for foreign corps. 290,000!. for barracks, a,646,9901. 19s. iod. for extraordinaries of the army, from Dec. 25, 1794, to Nov. i4> 1795* 885,6731. 19s. iod. for ditto from Nov. 15, to Dec. 24, 1795. 1,350,0001. for ditto for 1796. a,ooo,oool. for difrharging exchequer bills, made out under 35 Geo. 3. c. ai. 1,500,000b for discharging ditto, made out under 35 Geo. 3. c. 22.  2,500,000b  for  discharging ditto,

made out under 35 Geo. 3. c. 37. a9,9aib ias. 6d. issued pursuant to addresses of the commons. 7,103b for the civil eftabliihment of Upper Canada, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 31, 1796.  5,415b  for  Nova Scotia, from

Jan. 1, to Dec. 31, 1796,  4,550b  for New Br uniwick in America, from

June 24, 1796, to June 24, 1797. 1,900b for the illand of St. John in America, from Jan. j, to Dec. 31,1796. i,8ool. for the island of Cape Breton in America, from June 24, 1796, to June 24, 1797.  1,232b 10s. for the

illand of Newfoundland, from Aprdx, 1796^0 April 1, 1797. 4,200b for the Bahama I (lands, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 33, 1796.  580b for the chief

jutlice of Bermuda or Somers Iflands, from June 24, 1796, to June 24, 3797.  600I for the chief justice of the island of Dominica, from Jan. i,

to Dec. 31, 1796.  5,241!. for New South Wales, from Oft. 10, 1795,

to Oft. 10, 1796.  20,000b  for  forts in Africa. 233,485b 4s. iod. for

his Majesty’s l'ervice abroad. 129,350b for the relief of the refugee clergy and laity of France. 28,500b for American fufferers. 2,966b 4s. 6d. for extraordinary expences for prosecutions relating to the coin of this kingdom. 1,85:1. 12s. 5d- for printing the journals of the house of peers. 1,334b 7s. for the weekly returns of the average price of brown or Mufcovado fugar. 384b 7s. for attendance on the committee for making the approach to the houses of parliament more commodious. 51!. 5s. for attendance upon the committee appointed to enquire into the abuses of franking letters in the publick offices. 8,685b ns. 4d. to Duncan Campbell, elq. for convicts on the river Thames. 12,072b is. 6d. to James Bradley, efq. for convicts in Langfton and Portsmouth harbours. 15,088b 7s. iod. iq. for expences on account of the settlement at New South Wales. 5,000b for expences on the prosecution of Warren Haftings, efq. 2,741b 16s. od. 2q. for the purchase of the parliament office. 2,232b 14s. 4d. 3q. for expences on 'account of the alien aft. 306b 19s. od. iq. for lfationary for Upper Canada. 200,000b towards the reduction of the national debt 1.97,803b 5s. 5d. 3q. for part of orders made out pursuant to 28 Geo. 3. c. 40. far the relief of American loyalilts. 53.387b 7s. 6d. for part of orders made out pursuant to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34. lor the relief of American loyalifts. 4,500b for roads and bridges, in North Britain. 5,000b to the Levant company. 3,000b to the Board of Agriculture. 3,000b to the British Muleum. 1,500b to the Veterinary College. 2,347,954b 10s. 9d. 3q. for deficiency of grants for 1795. Supplies not to issued for any other than the purposes before-mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the sum granted for half-pay. By 35 Geo. 3. c. 120, 128,864b 3s. 9d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1795 ; the overplus of which sum may be difpoled of to officers maimed, &c. as his Majesty shall direft.  ,

CAP. CXXVII.

An aft for enabling the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to purchase ground for warehouses upon, and tp make a new street irom Petticoat lane to White ffireet, instead of Gravel lane in Petticoat lane.

AN



A N

ALPHABETICAL INDEX

TO THE

SECOND PART OF the XLth VOLUME

OF THE

STATUTES at LARGE;

PaiLed in the thirty-fixth Year of the Reign of King George III.; in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fix, being the sixth SelTion of the seventeenth Parliament of Great

Britain, which began the twenty seven hundred and ninety-five, twentieth Day of May one ninety-fix.

A.

Aberdeen*

EE Canals, Navigable. Chap.

68.

Addreffes of the House of Commons.

29,921/. 125. 6d. issued pursuant . to addresses of the house of commons. Chap. 126.

Africa.

20,000/. for forts there. Chap. 126.

Agriculture.

3,000/. to the board of agriculture. Chap. 126.

Aliens.

I.  To continue an adt respecting aliens in this kingdom. Chap. 109.

-ninth Day of October one thousand and ended by dissolution on the thouland seven hundred and

2.  2,232/. 141. 4d. 3q. for expences of the alien adt, Chap. 126.

American LoyalijU.

1.  197,803/. 55. 5d. 2$. for American loyahfts. Chap. 126.

2.  53,387/. js. 6d. more for the fame. Same ad!.

American Sufferers.

28,500/. for American fufferers. Chap. 126.

American 'Tobacco.

See Tobacco. Chap. 13.

Annuities.

1.  See Confolidated Annuities. Chap/ 12. 74.

2.  See Stocks. Chap. 90.

3.  For granting annuities to satisfy navy, vidtualling, and transport bills. Chap, 122,

h h L %  Arrow

86o

Bak

Arrow Root.

For allowing the importation of arrow root from the Britijh plantations, and linseed cakes and rape cakes from any foreign country in Britijh built fhips, navigated according to law, without payment of duty* Chap. 113.

Affemblies, Seditious.

See Seditious Meetings. Chap. 8.

Ajfeffments.

1.  An additional duty of iol. per cent. upon every affeilfnent made after the 5th day of April, 1796, of the rates and duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, except the land tax and the duties on horses by afts 24 and 29 Geo. 3. Chap. *4-

2.  The said additional duty to be paid for the half year ending dp nil 5, 1796. Same aft, f. 2.

Auction.

See Wine* Chap. 123.

Avon^ River.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 44.

B.

Bahama IJlands.

4,200/. for the civil eftablilhment there. Chap. 126.

Bakers.

Bid

Bank of England.

'See Stocks. Chap, 90.

Bankrupts.

See Stocks. Chap. 90.

Barracks.

290,0001. for barracks. Chap. 126.

Bath, City of.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 44.

Beccles, Suffolk.

See Paving. Chap. 51.

Bedford Level.

1.  For extending the term of the tax,on lands and tolls on goods granted by aft 35 Geo. 3. c. 77. for improving the drainage of the middle and south levels, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, and the low lands adjoining, &c. Chap. 33.

2.  For laying an additional tax upon the lands within the north level, part of the great level of the fens called Great Levels and on Portfand in Lincolnjhire. Chap. 73.

Bermuda.

580/. to the chief justice of Bermuda or Somers 1 (lands. Chap. 126.  ^

Billingfgate.

To authorise the sale of fish at Billingfgate by retail. Chap. 118.

Bifhops.

See Curates. Chap. 83.

Black Lead.

To permit bakers to make and Duty and drawback on foreign fell certain forts of bread. Chap, 22, black lead fixed by aft 27 Geo. 3. c. 13.

repealed.

But

repealed, and in stead thereof as foiJows:

Duty.  s. d.  Drawback.  s. d.

Black lead the hun- 1  0 6

dred weight J 1 0  

Blue.  

See Starch• Chap. 6.

Bounties.

See Sugar. Chap. 18.

Bread.

See Balers. Chap. 22.

Bridges.

For building a bridge over the river It chin at Northam near Southampton, and for making a road from the said town to the said bridge, to communicate with the road leading from Weft-End toBotley in the county of Southampton. Chap. 94.

Britijh America,

See Tobacco. Chap. 13*

Britijh Mufeum.

3000/. to the Britiftf Mufeum. Chap. 126.

Butter.

To prevent abuses and frauds in the packing, weight and sale ofbutter, and to repeal a£ts 13 and 14 Car. 2. c. 26. and 4 Will, and Mary, c. 7. Chap. 86.  S

Button

To regulate the making and vending of metal buttons, and to prevent pur chafers being deceived in the real quality thereof, Chap

Can  S6i

C.

Canada, Upper.

1.  7,100/. for the civil eftablifhmenl there. Chap. 126.

2.  306/. 19;. od. iq. for stationary for Upper Canada. Same a£t.

Canals, Navigable.

1.  To enable the company of proprietors of the Thames and Severn canal navigation to raise money for discharging arrears of interest and other debts, and to maintain the said navigation. Chap, 34.

2.  To enable the company of proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham canal navigation to complete the'fame. Chap. 42.

3.  To vary the line of the canal from the river Rennet, near Newbury, to the river Avon near Bath. Chap. 44.

4.  For making a navigable canal from the river Exe, near Topjham, in Devonjhire, to the river Tone near Taunton, in Somerfetjhire. Chap. 46.

5.  To enable the company of proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal to finish and complete the fame. Chap. 25.

6.  For making a navigable canal from Gains Crofts, in the pari (la of Shillingfton Okeford, in Dorftetftnre9 to communicate with the Rennet and Avon canal near Ridbropk, Wilt* ftnre. Chap. 47.

7.  To vary and alter the line of a canal authorised to be made by a£l 34 Geo. 3. c. 86. for making a navigable canal from several colleges, in Somerfetjhire, to communicate with the intended Rennet and Avon Canal, in the parish of Bradford, in Wilt ftnre. Chap. 48.

8.  For making and maintaining a navigation from Morwellham Sftiay, in the parish of Tavijlock, in Devon*

b b b 3  fthre%

862  Can

Jbire, to Tamerton Bridge, in the parish of North Tamer ton, in Cornwall ; and also a collateral cut from 4. Poivlfon Bridge, in the parish of Lifton, in Devonjhire, to Richgrove Mill, in the parish of Saint Stephen, near Launceffon, in Cornwall. Chap.

67*

g. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the harbour of Aberdeen into the river Don, near Inverurie, in the parish of Rintore, all in the county of Aberdeen, in.North Britain. Chap. 68.

JO. To amend the aft for a navigable canal from Merthyr Tidvile, to a place called The Bank near Cardiff, in Glamorgan fair e. Chap. 69.

11.  To enable the company of proprietors of the Leominjler canal to finish the fame. Chap. 70.

12.  To explain and amend an aft for making a canal from the river Severn to the river Merfey. Chap. 71.96.

13.  To authorise the company of proprietors of the Warwick and Braunjlon canal to vary the course thereof. Chap. 95.

14.  To enable his Majesty, in right of his duchy of Lancajlcr, to make a grant of certain lands for the purpose of carrying into execution an aft for making a canal from Kirkby Kendal, in Wejlmor-land, to Weft Houghton, in Lonca-Jhire. Chap, 97.

Candles.

1,  To prohibit the exportation of candles, tallow and foap, for a limited time. Chap. 5.

2,  Candles, &c. on board fhips, &c. for exportation, may be seized after November 10, 1795. Same ft, f. 2.

3,  Aft not to extend to commodities carried in veiTels for use on the voyage, nor to prohibit their being carried coafUvife, nor exported to

Cof

his Majesty’s dominions. Chap. 5. f- 3-  .

Bargains made on or before November 10, for candles, &c. for exportation, may be void on notice, and this aft to continue to March 25, 1796* Same aft, f. 6.

. Cape Breton, IJland oft

1,800/. for the civil establishment there. Chap. 126.

Chelftea Roftpital

146,057/. 45. 2d. for Chelftea Hoft-pital. Chap. 126.

Churches.

1.  To raise a further sum of money for repairing, altering and improving the parish church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in London. Chap. 35.

2.  For rebuilding the parish church of Saint Paul, Covent-Garden, in Weftminjler. Chap. 65.

3.  For rebuilding the parish church of Saint Martin Outwich, near Threadneedle-Street, London. Chap*

103.

Coals.

To continue and amend several afts for preventing frauds andabufes in the admeasurement of coals irij Weftminfter, and the parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary-le-Bone, and part of Saint Andrew, Hoi-born. Chap. 61.

Cochineal.

For the free importation of cochin neal. Chap. 40.

Coffee.

To encourage the growth of coffee in his Majesty'.s plantations in Artie* rica+ Chap. 40.

Jpoin,

Cor

Coin.

2,966/. 46d. for extraordinary expences for prosecutions relating to the coin. Chap. 126.

Confolidated Annuities.

1.  Contributors towardsraifing eighteen millions, for every one hundred pounds, entitled to the principal sum of one hundred pounds three per cent, consolidated annuities, and an additional principal of twenty pounds therein from July 5, 1795, the principal sum of twenty-five pounds three per cent. reduced annuities, and an annuity of fix (hillings and sixpence for fixty-four years and a quarter from Ot1, 10, 1795. Chap, 12.

2.  Contributors towards raising seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, for every one hundred pounds, entitled to the principal sum of one hundred pounds three per cent, consolidated annuities, and an additional principal of twenty pounds therein from Jan. 5, 1796, the principal sum of twenty-five pounds three per cent. reduced annuities, and an annuity of five (hillings and sixpence for fixty-three years and nine months from April 5, 1796. Chap. 74.

Confolidated Fund. 3,500,000/. may be ifiued out of the consolidated fund. Chap. 126.

Convifts.

1.8,685/. in. 4^. for convicts on the Thames. Chap. 126.

2.  12,072/. is. 6d. for convids in , Langjlone and F or tfmouth harbours. Same adf.

Corn.

j. To prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, fiour, and potatoes, and permit the importation of corn

Cor  863

and provisions duty free. Chap. 3.

2.  No wheat, he. to be exported until fix weeks after the commencement of next fe/Tion of parliament; and foreign corn, &c. may be imported duty free, and taken out of warchoufes for home confumption, and persons exporting corn, See. liable to the penalties of 31 Geo. 3. c. 30. and 33'Geo. 3. c. 65. Same ad, f. 1.

3.  His Majesty in council may permit the carrying coaftwife, &c„ corn,&c. for thepurpofes in the laid, ads, and certain articles may be imported, duty free, from any place in. Briti/h vefiels, or vefiels belonging to places in amity with his Majesty,, Same ad, f. 2.

4.  To prevent obstructions to the free passage of grain within the kingdom. Chap. 9*

5.  Perfons hindering the buying of corn, or seizing it on its paffage, &.c. to be committed to hard labour for not more than three months, nor less than one month ; and persons convicted of such offences a second time, ordefiroying fiorehoufes, or carrying corn therefrom, he. to be transported for seven years. Same ad, f. 1.

6.  The hundred where any luch offence’is committed may be sued for damages, not exceeding one hundred pounds ; and no person to recover uniefs notice given of the offence to the constable of the hundred, he. and recognizance to be entered into, to prosecute known offenders. Same ad, f. 3.

7.  If any offender against this ad be convicted within a year after the offence committed, the hundred not liable to make satisfaction for damages. Same ad, f. 5.

8.  Bounties to be paid on importation before Sept. 30, 1796, of wheat, he. in tfritijh vefiels, or vefiels belonging to dates in amity with his ^Majefty, as follow ;

h I I 4

 GoOglC

Wheat

Cur

864

& '• d.

Wheat per quarter, weighing 44olbs. importedfrom any port of Europe, south of Cape Finijterre, or from the Mediterranean, or Africa  100

Ditto, weighing 424^.  016  o

Wheat flour per hundred

weight  060

Wheat per quarter, weighing 440U3S. from any other part of Europe  o  15  o

Ditto, weighing 424lbs.  o  12  O

Wheat flour per hundred

weight  O  4  6

Wheat per quarter, weighing 44o)bs. from his Majesty's colonies, or the united states of America 100 Ditto, weighing 424^.  0160

Wheat flqur per hundred

weight'  060

Indian corn per quarter 050 Indian meal per hundred

weight  Ol6

Chap. 21.

9.  See Rye. Same aft.

10.  Bounties granted by aft 36 Geo. 3* c. 21. on W'hear, &c. imported, extended to several ports mentioned in this aft. Chap. 56.

Cotton.

1.  See Flax and Cotton. Chap. 40.

2.  See India (Eaji) Company. Chap.

120.

Curates.

1,  Bifliops may appoint a stipend to curates of 75I. a year, with the use of theparfonage houfe. Chap.

83-

2.  Benefices with augmented cures to be held by the present incumbents, and the bishop may apportion theflipend toofficiatingcurates of perpetual curacies not augmented* Same aft, f. 4.

Dom

3.  Ordinary may licence curates employed, though no nomination fhali have been made by the incumbent, and may revoke any licence, subject to appeal to the archbishop of the province. Chap. 83* f. 6.

4.  See £)ueen Anne's Bounty, Same aft.

Cujioms.

1.  No goods imported (except diamonds and filh) fhali be unshipped on Sundays, Holidays, or other days, without the presence of an officer of the cuftoms, on penalty of forfeiture. Chap. 82.

2.  See Licence of Ships. Same aft.

3.  See Wine. Chap. 123.

D.

Dairies.

TO exempt dairies and rooms used solely for making, keeping, and drying cheese and butter, from the dunes on windows and lights. Chap. 117.

Deal, Kent•

See Paving. Chap. 45.

Dogs.

I.  From July 5, 1796, $s. to be paid annually tor every greyhound, hound, pointer, setting dog, fpaniel, lurcher, or tarrier, and for ail other dogs, where two are kept; and 3s. where only one dog is kept, not of the above defcription. Chap. 124.

2.  Duty not to extend to dogs under fix months old; and persons keeping hounds may compound for 20I, a year. Same aft, f. 2. & f

Dominica.

600/. for the chief justice of the island of Dominica. Chap. 126.

Draining*

■  G<  [e

Exc >

Fra

Draining.

For embanking, draining, preferring, and improving certain low lands and grounds in Ever ton, Scafiivorthy Grindley on the Hill, Mijierton, and Walkeringham, in Nottinghamflnre. Chap. 99.

Drawbacks.

On exportation of short cut tobacco, &c. manufadlured from tobacco delivered from any warehouse for home confumption, the following

additional excise drawback:  s.  

For short cut tobacco, per    

pound  0  4

For fhag, per pound  0  3*

For roll, per pound  0  4

For carrot, per pound  0  3r

Chap. 13. f. 5.    

See Sugar. Chap, ig.

E.

Eaft India Company,

gEE India (Eajl) Company.

Exchequer Bills.

I* The treasury may raise 2,000,000/. by loans or exchequer bills for the service of the year 1796. Chap. 29.

2.  1,500,000/. more for the fame year. Chap. 30.

3.  His Majesty mayraife 2,500,000/. by exchequer bills. Chap. 31.

4.  2,000,000/. for discharging exchequer bills made out under a£t 35 Geo. 3. c. 21. Chap. 126.

5.  1,500,000/. for the fame, under

35 Geo. 3. c. 22. Same a£t.

fa. 2,500,000/. for the fame, under

35 Geo. 3. c, 37. Same act.

Excife.

1.  See Drawbacks. Chap. 13. f. 5.

2.  See  Same  adf.

3.  See Tobacco, Same acft.

4.  See Sweets. Chap. 123.

5.  See Wine, Same act.

Exe, River.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 46. -

Exeter, JE^r/ of.

See Rockingham For eft. Chap. 63. *

F.

Flax and Cotton.

TO encourage the manufactures of flax and cotton in G/vtf/ Britain. Chap. 40.

Flax and Flax Seed

May be imported in any vessel belonging to flates in amity with his Majesty, until thirty days after the commencement of next section of parliament. Chap. 4.

Fencible Cavalry.

1. 470,636/. 19;. 8i. for fencible cavalry. Chap. 126.

2. 115,000/. for allowances and extra feed to them. Same a6L

Fiji:,

See Billingfgate. Chap. ij8o

Folkjlone,

See Paving. Chap. 49.

France.

129,350/. for the refugee clergy and laity of France. Chap. 126.

Qamt\

866

Haf

Inc

G,

Game.

NO partridge to be killed, &c.

between  Feb.j2,apd  Sept. 14,

Chap. 39. 54.

Gloves and

To repeal the stamp duty on licences to fell gloves and mittens by retail. Chap. 80.

- Grand Junction Canal.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 25.

Grants.

2,347,954/. ioj. 9di 3q. for deficiency of grants in 1795.

Great Grimjby.

See Havens. Chap. g8.

H.

Hair Powder

hair powder to be im-JL% ported in less packages than 224lbs. weight, on penalty of forfeiture and 50L Chap. 6. f. 9.

2, See Starch. Chap. 6.

Harbours.

To amend and render more effectual an a£t for repairing, &c. the harbour of Sivanfea, in Glamorgan fin re, and for making improvements in the lights at The Mumbles. Chap. 93,

Hafiings, Warren.

5,000/. for expences on the profe-£Ution gf him. Chap. 126,

Hats.

For the better collection of the duty on hats, Chap. 125.

Hatton, George Finch.

See Rockingham Forejl. Chap. 64,

1  Havens.

For widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving the haven of Great Grimjby, in Lincolnjhire, Chap. 98.

Hay and Straw.

To regulate buying and felling hay and flrawin /London, or 30 miles thereof, and fo much of 2 W.. Sc M. feff. 2. c. 8. and 31 Geo. 2. c. 40. as relates to hay and straw repealed from June 24, 1796. Chap. 88.

Horfe Healers.

Horfe dealers in Lonaon to pay an annual licence duty of 20I. and without London joJ. Chap. 17.

. Horfes.

1.  From April 5, 1796, a duty of 2f, annually for every horse not chargeable under 24 Geo. 3. c. 31, or 29 Geo. 3. c. 49. Chap. 15,

2.  This aOc not to extend to port-horfes, nor horses under 13 hands high, or not ufed. Same adf, f. 9,

3.  FronvJpril5, 1796, additional duties on horses kept for riding, or drawing certain carriages. Chap, 16.

4.  See PJl Horfes, Chap. 84,

I.,  .

Inclofures,

X.T?OR dividing, allotting, in* JP clofing, draining, and preferv*

ing

Ind

ing the Hern Common and Gore Com-' mon, in tl/e manor and parish of Ramfey, in Huntingdon/hire, and for repealing an ad for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in Ramfey, Bury, Wijiow, Warboys, Farceitt, Stand-ground, and Water Newton, in Huntingdonjhire, and Doddington, in the 7/7^ of Ely. Chap. 72.

2,  For draining and improving, and inclofing, dividing, and allotting certain tracts of common and waste lands, called Mar/hland Smeeth and Marjblavd Fen, lying within the , country of Mar/hland, in Norfolk. Chap. 100.

3.  For dividing, allotting, inclofing,

draining, embanking and improving the open and common fields, ings, meadows, paftures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds in Morton, Walkerith, Eajl Stockwith, Bliton, Wharton, Pilharn, and  in  the  parishes  of  Gain/-

burgh, Bliton, and Pilham, in Lin-eolnjhire. Chap, 101.

India (Eajl) Company.

1.  See Tobacco. Chap. 13.

2.  To enable the £<?/? India Com-

to purchase certain houses and ground contiguous to the Eafl India houfe, and to wided the north end of Lime-Jlreet. Chap.

119-

3.  To enable the ifo/? India Company to perform an engagement with William Sabatier, refpediing the importation cf cotton from the

Indies. Chap. 120.

4.  To enable the £<7/? India Com-

pany to purchase ground for building warehouses upon, and to make a new ftreetfrom Petticoat-lane to White fir eet, instead of Gravel-lane, in Petti coat-lane.  Chap.

F7*

867

Indigo.

The free importation of indigo. Chap. 40.

Journals of the House of Peers.

1,858/. 125. 57. for printing the journals of the house of peers.. Chap, 126.

Irifh Tobacco.

See Tobacco. Chap. *3.

Itchen, River.

See Bridges. Chap. 94.

Juftices of the Peace.

To continue an a£l for the more effectual adminifiration of the office of a justice of peace in and near the metropolis. Chap, 75.

IC.

Rennet, River.

(j^EE Canals, Navigable. Chap. 44,

The King.

1.  For the safety and preservation of

his Majesty’s person and government against treasonable and fedi-tious practices and attempts. Chap. 7* ! ■  . ’

2.  Perfons who {hall compafs, devifec, &c. the death, reftraint,' &c. of his Majesty, or his heirs, or to depose them, or to levy war to compel a change of meafures, &c. to be deemed trators. Same acts f. 1,

3.  Perfons in England, who fhalJ by writing, printing, preaching, See.

■ incite

 CjOO^Ic

868 Lan

incite to hatred and contempt of his Majesty, or the government, &c. (hall be guilty of high mifde-meanors; and for the second offence may be transported forfeven years, and if found at large before the expiration of the term tofufFer death. Chap. 7. f. 2.

4.  Adions for mirdemeanors to be in fix months, and no person to be convicted but by the oath of two witnesses •, and persons ac-cufed of treason to be entitled to ' the benefit of ads 7 Guh 3. c. 3. and 7 An. c. 11. and this ad not to prevent prosecution at common law. Same ad, f. 4.

L.

Land Forces.

1.  11,707,399/.' 9s, 10d. for land forces in 1796. Chap. 126.

2. 1,358,624/. 25. 9d, for 49,219 ef-fedive men, officers, &c. in Great Britain, Guernjey and Jerfey. Same ad.

3.  1.666,9001. 3;. 6d. for forces and ■garrifons in the plantations, Gibraltar ^ Corfica, and New South Wales, Same ad.

4.  40,195/. 45. 9d, for difference between Britijl) and Irijh pay of fix regiments abroad. Same 3d.

5- 8,345/. 16;. 2d, for regiments in the Eajl Indies. Same ad.

6.  360,000/. for recruiting contingencies, &c. Same ad.

7.  120,000/. for the encreased rates for quartering foldiers. Same ad.

8.  103,642/. is, 3d, for general, rtaff, and hospital officers in Great Britain, &c. Same ad.

9.  9,259/. 18s, 6d. for the like on an expedition under general Clarke. Same ad.

10.  127,779/. *4** l1^ f°r fyPeiv numerary officers. Same ad.

11.  1435490/. 135. y. to the pay-

Leg

matter general, secretary at war, &c. Chap. 126.

12.  118,873/. 185. 6d. for reduced officers of land forces and marines. Same ad.

13.  126/. 15. 6d, for reduced officers, &c. of the horse guards. Same ad.

14.  1,000/. for officers late in the service of the dates general. Same ad.

15.  52,500/. f°r reduced officers of the Britijh American forces, and 7,5001, for allowances to them. Same ad.

16.  10,933/. 165. 9d. for widows’

' penfions. Same ad.

17.  438,035/. 35. 2d, for foreign corps. Same ad.

18.  2,646,990/. 195. 10^. for extraordinaries of the army, from Dec. 25, 1794, to Nov. 14, 1795. Same ad.

19.  885,673/. 195. lod, for the like, from Nov. 15, to Dec, 24, 1795* Same ad.

20.  1,350,000/. for the like, for j 796. Same ad.

Land Tax.

1.  For 1796, to be 45. in the pound.

. Chap. 2.

2.  See Salt Office, Chap. 89.

Leather.

To encourage the manufadure of leather. Chap. 40,

Legacies.

1.  Duties on legacies, by 20 Geo. 3., c. 28.-23 Lreo. 3 c. 58. and 29 Geo. 3. c. 51, to ceafe. Chap. 52.

Per Cent,

2.  Legacies, or residue of /. 5. d» personal edate, given to brother or fitter of the deceafed, or any defendant of his brother

or fitter, to pay a damp duty of  20  o

legacies*

Lie

Lot

869

Per Cent

I. d.

Legacies, See. to brother of fifter of a father of mother of the deceafed, or any descendant of them  300'

Legacies, &c. to a brother or fifter of a grandfather, or grandmother of the de-ceafed, or any defendant of them,  400

Legacies, &c. to any per-fon in any other degree of collateral confanguinity, or any stranger in blood to the deceased  600

But duties not to extend to bequest to hufbands, or wives, or the royal family. Chap. 52.

3.  Duty to be paid by executors or administrators on retaining or paying legacies. Same aft, f. 6.

Leominfter.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 70.

Letters.

51/. 55. for attendance upon the committee to enquire into the abuses of franking in the publick offices. Chap. 126.

Levant Company.

5000/. to the Levant Company. Chap. 126.

Lighting.

For lighting and watching the ftreets, &c. in IVakefield\ Torkjhire♦ Chap. 50.

Lime.

For permitting the carrying co2ft-wife of lime, hmeftones, dung, and other manure, without taking out fuffrance, tranfire, or let-pafs Chap, no.

Lincoln.

See Foor. Chap. 102.

Linens. \

For granting a bounty on Britifb and Ir'ijh linens exported. Chap. 40.

Linen Yarns.

For taking offthe duties on the importation ot foreign raw linen yarns made of flax. Chap. 40.

Linfeed.

See Arrow Root. Chap. 113.

Longitude.

For continuing the encouragement and reward of finding the longitude at tea. Chap. 107.

London.

See Militia. Chap. 92.

Licence of Ships.

I. Owners of ships licenced by 24 Geo. 3. fell'. 2. c. 47. to give bond that if they be loft, &c. the licence shall be delivered up. Chap. 82. f- 3-

■a. Commiffioners of customs may at any time dire<£t licences to be cancelled. Same aft, f. 4.

London Ajfurance.

The Corporation of the London JJfurance empowered to make afi'ur-ance in any part of his Majesty’s dominions, or elfewhere. Chap. 27.

Lottery.

780,000■/. to be raised by a lottery, tickets at 13/. each, and 500,000/. to

be

870  Mai

be paid in prizes on July i, 1797. Chap. 104.

Low Wines.

See Spirits, Chap. 20.

Lunaticks.

See Stocks. Chap. go.

M.

Mackarel.

FOR the encouragement jaf the mackarel fifhery. Chap. 77.

Mahogany.

Duty and drawback on mahogany to be as follows :

Duty. Drawback.

I. s. L s.

Mahogany the growth of the  (lands,

and imporied from thence, per ton 1 10  1  10

---- of the growth of

the£n///#limits within the province of Yucatan, in the bay of Honduras, and imported from the fame bay, per ton  1  10  1  10

■--- not imported di-

rectly from the Bahama iflands, or bay of Honduras, or being of the growth of any other place, per ton 3030 Chap. 78.

Maidjlone, Kent.

See Paving^ Chap. 66.

Malt.

Duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, continued for the service of the year 1796. Chap. 1.

Mil

Marines

Regulated while on (bore. Chap. 28.

Meetings, Seditious.

See Seditious Meetings. Chap. 8*

Melajfes.

1.  See Spirits. Chap. 20.

Duty. Dra whack.

S. d. S. d%

2.  Melafles imported from any country in Europe, not in the poffefilon of his Ma-jefty, the hundred

weight  ti  9  11 5

-------imported from 30  28

any country out of Europe, not in the pofledion of his Ma-jefty, in Britijk-b\i\\t fhips, the hundred weight  30  28

-------imported from

any country out of Europe^ not in the pof-feflion of his Majesty in ships belonging to any hate in amity with his Majesty  60  58

Chap. 81.

Merfey, River.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 78.96.

Militia.

1.  For defraying the charge of pay and cloathing of the militia for one year from March 25, 1796. Chap. 41.

2.  For further regulating the militia of London. Chap. 92.

3.  Provifions of 33 Geo. 3. c. 8.— 34 Geo. 3. c. 47. and 35 Geo. 3. c. 81. touching the relief of families of fubftitutes, hired men, or

volunteers,



New

871

Mut

volunteers, to extend to places having separate overfeers, and to all places united for ballotting for militiamen; andjuftices to afcer-tain what proportions {hall be contributed for the relief of militia mens’ families. Chap. 114.

4.  Clerk, of fub-divifion meetings to certify the number of men liable to be ballotted for each place; and families of non-commiffioned officers reduced, to be relieved as casual poor. Samead, f. 2.

5.  For making allowances to fubal-tern officers of the militia in time of peace. Chap. 116.

6.  917,294/. 145. id. for militia and fencibles, and 210,000/. for their contingencies, See. Chap. 126.

7.  108,538/. 17s. id. for militia cloathing. Same a<51.

Million Bank.

For difToIving the million bank, and dividing the flock belonging thereto amongst the members thereof. Chap. 91.

Mills.

For the better regulation of mills. Chap. 85.

Mittens.

See Gloves and Mittens. Chap. 80.

Montgomery.

See Poor. Chap. 38.

Mules.

From April 5, 1796, a duty of 2s. annually for every mule. Chap. 15.

Mutiny.

For punching mutiny and defer-tion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters in 1796, Chap, 24,

N.

National Debti

200,000/. towards the reduction of the national debt. Chap. 105. 126.

Naval Services.

' 7,052,552/. is. Sd. for naval fer-vices for 1796. Chap. 126.

Naval Stores.

To encourage the importation of naval {lores from the British colonies in America. Chap. 40.

Navigable Canals.

See Canals, Navigable.

Navigable Rivers.

See Rivers, Navigable.

Navy.

To enforce the due execution of an ad for railing men in the several counties of England for the navy. Chap. 115.

Navy Bills.

See A?inuities. Chap. 122.

Navy Debt.

500,000/. for difeharging the navy debt. Chap. 126.

New Brunfwick.

45550/. for the civil establishment there. Chap. 126.

Newbury, Berkfhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 44.

Newfoundland.

Crd

872

Newfoundland.

1.  To continue an ad; for eftablifliihg courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland and the islands adjacent. Chap. 37.

2.  1*232/. lor. for the civil eftablifh-meat there. Chap. 126.

New South Wales.

1.  5,241/. for the civil establishment there. Chap. 126.

2.  15,088/. 75. 101/. for expences on account of the settlement there. Same ad«

North Britain.

4,500/. for roads and bridges there.

Chap. 126.

Nova Scotia.

5,415/. for the civil eftalifliment

there. Chap. 126.

o.

Orders in Council.

1.  gEE SWg Chap. 53,

2.  To indemnify persons who have acted in consequence of orders in

t  council,  issued  since Nov. 22, 1795^

for admission of certain articles or merchandize, in neutral (hips. Chap. 76.

3.  Vefieis not choosing to return to the ports of the united provinces, and vessels belonging to any country in amity with his Majesty, may, by order of council, be admitted until Feb. 22, 1797,t0 ta^e the benefit of 35 Geo, 3. c. 15. and three of the commissioners appointed by 35 Geo. 3. c. 80* may ad, and the majority of those appointed in any future commiffion. Same-ad, f. 2.

Pav

Ordnance.

1* 875,488/. 145. id. for land fer-vice of ordnance in 1796. Chap. 126.

2/2791* 4^-4^ for the fame, previous to Dec. 31, 1783* Same ad.

3.  45,656/. or. 5d. for the fame in

1794.  Same ad.

4.  762,046/. 135. 6d. for the fame in

1795.  Same a61.

5.  61,000/. 8s. 9d. for sea service of ordnance in 1794. Same ad.

6.  210,194/. 155. 1 id. for services of the ordnance, prior to Dec. 31, 1795. Same ad.

" P.

Paper Manufactory.

TO prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the paper manufactory. Chap. hi.

Parliament.

I. After counting the house of commons, according to ad 10 Geo. 3. c. 16. there be not 100 members prefent, or 49 not fet aside nor ex-cufed, it cannot be completed, the house may proceed upon the order of the day for the call of the houfe. Chap. 59.

2. 384/. 7s. for attendance on the committee for making the approach to the house of parliament more commodious. Chap. 126.

3.  2,741/. l6r. o\d. for the purchase of the parliament office. Same ad.

Paving.

1. To enlarge the powers of an ad for paving, &c. Ramfgat in Kent. Chap. 43.

2. To amend an ad for paving Deal, in Kent. Chap, 45.

3.  For paving, repairing, and cleanf-

ing



P‘f

itlg the highways, streets and lanes in Folkjlone, Kent. Chap. 49.

4.  For paving, lighting, cleanfing, and improving the ftreets, &c. in Beccles, Suffolk. Chap. 51.

5.  To raise a further sum of money to complete paving Maidjiom, Kent. Chap. 66.

Pawnbrokers.

For regulating the trade or bufr-

nefs of pawn brokers. Chap. 87.

Pool, Salop.

See P^r. Chap. 38.

Poor.

1.  For better relief of the poor within the several hundreds, &c. in England, incorporated by divers a£ts of parliament^and for enlarging the powers of the guardians of the poor within the said hundreds, &c. as to the aflefirnents to be made there for the support and maintenance of the poor, but no aiFefTment to exceed double the sums at present raised under the incorporating acts. Chap. 10.

2.  Overfeers of the poor, with the approbation of the parifhioners, or any juftice, may relieve poor per-fons at their own houfes. Chap. 23-

3.  For rendering effectual an a£t for relief of the poor of Montgomery and Pool. Chap. 38.

4.  For the better relief and employment of the poor in the city of Lincoln. Chap. 102.

Portugal Tobacco.

See Tobacco. Chap. 13.

Pojl Horfes.

From Aug. 1, 1796, the treasury Vol.XL,

Reg  «  873

may let to farm duties on pofl horfes.

- Chap. 84.

Potatoes.

See Spirits. Chap. 20.

Ql

Qualifications.

ACT of qualification for offices, &c. Chap. 57.

Quebec.

See Salt. Chap. 40.

Queen Anne's Bounty.

Churches augmented by Queen Anne’s bounty to be deemed benefices prefentative, and the officiating curate may have a stipend of 75!. a year. Chap. 83.

R.

Ramfigate, Kent.

<^EE Paving. Chap; 43.

Rape'Cnkes.

See Arrow 'Root. Chap; 13.'

Rape Seed.

To allow the importation of rape and other feeds used for extracting

oil.  Cliap. 40;

R eg ijler ofi Ships.

His, Majesty in council may order vessels which have belonged to the enemy, and where certificates of re-giftry have been granted by governors of his Majesty’s colonies to be regiftered, &c. Chap. 112.

M m m  RiverSy

Sal

874  Eye

Rivers, Navigable.

For cleansing and making navigable part of the river Toney Somerjet-/hire. Chap. 46.

Rockingham Forejl.

1.  To enable his Majesty to grant to John earl of fVeJimorland the ha-yes or walks of Sulebay Fermes, and Sboriwood and Morehay, in the forest of Rockingham^ Northamp-tonfbirey upon a full and adequate consideration for the fame. Chap.

62.

2.  The like to Henry earl of Exeter of the haye or walk of Wejlhay, in the said foreft. Chap. 63.

3.  The like to George Finch Hatton> efq. of the lawn of Benefield, and the bailiwick of Rockingram in the said foreft. Chap. 64.

Royal Exchange Ajfurance.

The corporation of the Royal Exchange Ajfurance empowered to make assurances in any part of his Majesty’s dominions or elfewhere. Chap. 26.

Rum.

To allow a drawback of the duties on rum (hipped as ftores. Chap. 40.

Rye.

s. d.

A bounty on importation of rye before Sept. 30, 1796, for 100,000 quarters, per quarter  io  o

And for a further quantity, per quarter  6  o

Chap. 21.

s.

Sabatier, William.

SEE India (Eafi) Company. Chap.

120.

Sail Cloth.

To continue several laws relating to fail cloth. Chap. 108.

Saint Andrew, Holborn.

See Coals. Chap. 61.

Saint Giles in the Fields.

■4

See Coals. Chap. 61.

Saint John, IJland of.

1,900/. for the civil eftablilhment there. Chap. 126.

Saint Mart in r Outwich.

See Churches♦ Chap. 103.

Saint Mary-k-Bone.

See Coals. Chap. 61.

Saint Pauf Covent-Garden.

See Churches. Chap. 65.

Salt.

1. For Jan. 5, 1796, the allowances for waste of white or rock fait carried coastwise to ceafe. Chap. rg. 2. Where the time for payment of duties on white fait is nine months, to be now only three months, and where the time for payment of duties On rock fait is twelve months, to be now only four months; and where the time for payment of du-



Sed

ties on foreign fait is fix months, tnere (hall be allowed only two months. Chap. 19. f. 2.

3.  For importing lait from Europe into Quebec. Chap. 40.

4.  For indemnifying persons concerned in advifmg or carrying inro execution an order of his Majesty in council respecting the exportation of rock fair, and for preventing suits in consequence thereof, and for authorising his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, or carrying coaftwife, of rock fait. Chap,

53-

Salt Office.

Commiftioners, &c. of the fait office to be assessed to the land-tax for their falaries, &c. in Saint Martin in the Fields, and one moiety of the afleflment, &c, to be paid to the collectors of the district to which the office is removed. Chap, 89.

Sardinia, King of.

200,000/. to the king of Sardinia. Chap. 126.

Scarborough, Port of.

See Tobago, If and of Chap. 55.

Scotland.

1.  See Game. Chap. 54.

2.  See Seditious Meetings. Chap, 8.

Seditious Meetings.

I* For more effectually preventing seditious meetings and affemblies. Chap. 8.

2. No meeting of more than fifty perfons, except county meetings, &c. to be holden for or on pretext of preparing petitions for alteration of matters established in church or ftate, unless previous notice be given by seven householders in fome

Sed  875

newfpaper,&c. and meetings without notice to be deemed unlawful aflemblies. Chap. 8. f. 1.

3.  If twelve or more perfons, af-fembled contrary to this act, (hall continue together one hour after being required by a juftice, &c. to difperfe, they shall suffer death. Same ad, f. 4.

4.  If in meetings holden pursuant to notice any matter shall be propounded or deliberated upon, purporting that any thing by law established may be altered, except by authority of King, lords and commons, &c. a magistrate may order them to difperfe, and if twelve or more persons shall continue together an hour thereafter they shall suffer death. Same ad, f. 6.

5.  Juftices at meetings, on notice, may order persons propounding or maintaining propositions for altering anything by law eftablifhed, except by authority of King, lords and commons, &c. to be taken into cuftody, and in cafe of re-fiftance may cause proclamation to be made as aforefaid; and if twelve or more shall continue together an hour thereafter, they shall suffer death. Same ad, f. 7.

6.  Magiftrates may resort to affemb-lies, and ad, and may require the assistance of peace officers: persons not dispersing within an hour after proclamation, may be apprehended, and if killed or maimed, by reason of their refiftance, the magiftrates,&c. indemnified. Same ad, f. 8.

7.  Perfons obftruding magistrates attending, or going to attend meetings, or obftruding persons proclaiming; and persons aflem-bled, to whom proclamation ought to have been made, if the fame had not been hindered, continuing together to the number of twelve for an hour after such hindrance, and persons at such assemblies oppofing

m k m 2  the

Snu

876  Ser

the taking .offenders into cuftqdy to suffer death. Chap. 8. f. 10.

8.  Sheriffs’ depute, .&c„ in Scotland, to have.the fame power as justices in England; and persons convi^ed of felonies in Scotland, to incur the pain of death and confiscation of moveables. Same a,<51, f. 11.

9.  Places for le61ures or debates concerning supposed publick grievances, where money is paid for admiffion, unless previously licenced, to be deemed disorderly places, and the persons opening or ufmg them, and the persons managing the proceedings, apd the persons paying or receiving money for admiffion, or delivering or re-ceiving.tickets, to forfeit iool. and persons appearing gs mafter, &c. of such places liable to profecution. Same a<51, f. 12.

10.  Magiftrates who, by information on oath, have reason to fuf-pe<5l that any place is opened for delivering letftures, See. may demand to be admitted, and in cafe of refusal the place to be deemed diforderly, and the persons refuting admittance to forfeit jool. Same acf, f. 14.

11.  Magiftrates may demand admittance to any licenced place at the time of delivering leeftures, See. and if refufed, it (hall be deemed diforderly, and the person refusing admittance (hall forfeit iool. and justices ,may licence places for delivering ledtures, and revoke them. Same a<ff, f. 15,

12.  A61 not to extend to the univer-fities, nor to inftrudfors of youth, and continue in force three years. Same aEty L 18.

Service Abroad.

233,485/.  IOd. for his Majesty’s

fervice abroad. Chap. 126.

Severn, River.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 7f* 96.

Ships.

See Licence of Ships. Chap. 82. Silk.

1.  Organzined thrown silk may be imported in (hips belonging to any kingdom in amity with his Majesty, until thirty days afterthe commencement of next session of parliament. Chap. 4.

2.  To encourage the silk manufactures. Chap. 40.

Snuff\

Additional duties of excise on fnuff.

s» d.

For snuff imported by the East India company, per pound  1  o

For such fnuff, not warehouf-ed before Dec. 7, 1795, per lb. I O For such snuff in warehouse on delivery thereout, per lb. 1 o For snuff imported from Britijh America, or the Spanijb Weft Indies, per Vo.  o  6

For such snuff not warehoused before Dec. 7, 1795, per Jb. q 6 For such snuff in warehoufe, on delivery thereout, per lb. o 6 For snuff imported from any other place, per lb.  o  6

For such snuff not ware-houfed before Dec. 7, 1795, per lb.  o  7

For such snuff in warehoufe, on delivery thereout, per lb.  O  7

Chap. 13.

Soap.

Sta

Soap.

See Candles. Chap. 5* Soldiers.

1.  Non-commiffioned officers and soldiers to allow iorf. a day for diet and small beer in quarters in England, and for articles which have been furnilhed gratis in lieu thereof, 2d. a day to be allowed. Chap. 36.

2.  For horses quartered rod. 2q. a day for hay and draw. Same a£l,

f-3-

3.  Regulations with refpedk to dieting non-commiffioned officers and soldiers on their march, and recruiting parties and recruits. Same ad, f. 5.

Somers IJlands.

See Bermuda. Chap. 126.

Southampton.

See Bridges. Chap. 94.

Spanijh Tobacco.

See Tobacco. Chap. 13.

Spirits.

Aft 35 Geo. 3. c. 119. to prohibit the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, &c. cqntinued to Feb. 1, 1797. Chap. 20.

2. To prohibit the distillation of low' wines or spirits from melaiTes, or fugar, or potatoes. Same aiSt.

Starch.

I. 3/. 155. 4</. per hundred weight, part of the duty of customs on starch and hair-powder imported, and the drawback of the duty of excise on exportation of (larch dif-continued. Chap. 6.

Sto  877

2.  No (larch, hair-powder, or blue, to be made from wheat, or other article used for the food of man, on penalty of 200/. Chap. 6. f. 2.

3.  Wheat, See. found in (larch -houfes forfeited, and the polTefiors to forfeit 200!. but makers of (larch, &c. may keep in their houses wheat, See. not exceeding eight bufhels. Same a<51, f. 4.

4.  Starch or hair-powder imported, when weighed to be depofited, &c. as officers of excise (hall dire£f, and fix (lamped labels thereon, on penalty of 100/. Same a<51, f. 11.

5.  Commiffioners of excise to provide (lamps, and persons counterfeiting them to suffer death. Same a<51, f. 12.

6.  Imported starch found not properly (lamped, maybe feized, and the party to forfeit 200/. but not to extend to such starch being made into hair-powder. Sec. and if the paper containing imported starch or hair-powder fho.uld be damaged, it may be repapered, &c. under certain conditions. Same a<51, f. 14,

7.  No hair-powder, exceeding 281bs. to be removed, unless marked “ Hair-powder,” on penalty of forfeiture. Same a<5l, f. 16.

8.  His Majesty in council may permit the making of starch from wheat, See. and this 2(51 to continue to Feb. 1, 1797* Same a#, f. 22.

Stocks.

1,  When truftees, in whose names (locks (land in the bank (hall be absent out of the jurisdiction of chancery, or the exchequer, or be bankrupts, the said courts in any cause depending . may order the flock to be transferred and the dividends paid. Chap. 9c.

2.  If bankrupts refuse to transfer flocks (landing in their own right, the lord chancellor may order it

to

Tav

to be transferred to the affignees. Chap. 90, f. 2.

3.  Stock (landing in the names of ' lunaticks, or their committees, may in certain cafes be ordered by the lord chancellor to be transferred, &c. and this a£t to be an indemnity to the bank of England. Same a&, f. 3.

Straw.

See Hay and Straw. Chap. 88.

Sugar.

1.  For the reduction of the drawbacks and bounties allowed on the exportation of fugar. Chap. 18.

2.  See Spirits. Chap. 20.

3.  If the average price of sugar on Oft. 23, 1796, and Feb. 23, Aug. 23, and Oft. 23, 17975 (hall not exceed 65s. per hundred weight, the drawback and bounty to be paid. Chap. 106.

4.  1,334/. 7s. for the weekly returns of the average price of fugar. Chap. 126.

Swanfea.

See Harbours. Chap. 93.

Sweets.

For every barrel of sweets made for sale an excise duty of 12s. Chap. 123.

T.

Tallow.

Candles. Chap. 5.

Tavijlock, Devonjhire.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 67.

Tab

Thames and Severn Canal.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 34.

Tobacco and Snuff.

1. Additional duties of excise on tobacco.

s. d.

For Spanijh or Portugal tobacco per lb.  1  o

For such tobacco not ware-houfed before Dec. 7, 1795, per lb.  I o

For such tobacco in the ware-houfe on Dec. 7, 1795, and delivered out for home con-fumption,/>£r lb.  1  o

And delivered for exportation,

per lb.  01

For lrijh or American tobacco,

per lb.  o  4

For such tobacco not ware-houfed before Dec. 7, 1795, per lb.  o  4

For such tobacco in the ware-houfe on Dec. 7,1795, and delivered out for home con-fumption, per lb.  o  4

Chap. 13.

2. American tobacco imported and warehoused may be removed duty free to the ports of RocheJlery Portfmouth, or Plymouth, for the use of land forces on board (hip; and no tobacco fo (hipped to be l*elanded without leave in Great Britain or Ireland; and two pounds weight a month allowed for each non-commiflioned officer and fol-oier. Same a&, f. 9.

\

Tobago, IJland of.

For making the port of Scarbo-rough, in the island of Tobago, a free port. Chap. 55.

Tone9

Wef

‘Tone, Riv

1. See  Canals, Navigable.  Chap.

4 •

2.  See Rivers, Navigable. Chap.

46,

Tranfport Bills.

See Annuities. Chap. 122.

u.

United Provinces.

j^EE Orders in Council. Chap. 76.

United States of America.

To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the United States of America until 5, 1797. Chap. 58.

V.

Veterinary College.

1,500/. for the Veterinary College. Chap. 126.

Victualling Bills.

See Annuities. Chap. 122.

w.

Wakefield, Torkjhire.

j^EE Lighting. Chap. 50.

Warwick and Birmingham Canals.

See Canals, Navigable. Chap. 42.

India Ifiands.

To indemnify governors, lieutenant-governors, &c. in the Wefi

Win '  879

India iHands who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods in foreign bottoms. Chap. 32.

Wefiminfier.

See Coals. Chap. 61.

Wefimorland, iuzr/ 0/.

See Rockingham Forefi. Chap. 62.

Whitby, Torkjhire.

For further continuing the duty of one farthing a cha!der on coals for improving and repairing the piers and harbour of Whitby, in TorkJJhre. Chap. 121.

F/indows and Lights.

Szz Dairies.  Chap. 117.

Wine.

1.  Wine not removed in ten days after landing, may be warehoufed, and before delivery thereout the duty, and 6d. a week per cafe* warehouse rent, with charges of removal, to be paid; and if not removed in three months may be fold. Chap. 82. f. 2.

2.  For French wine imported after April 17, 1796, a custom duty of 30/. and for all other wines 20/. a tun. Chap. 123.

3.  For French wine imported on or before April 17, 1796, and afterwards found in any vefiel, or upon any pier, &c. or in the cellar of the Eafi India company, or customs, or excise warehoufe, a cuf-tom duty of 30/. and for all other wine 20/. a tun. Same act.

4.  For French wine found on the first excise survey after April 17, 1796, in flock, an excise duty of 3c/. and for all other wine 20/. a tun. Same a£l.

5.  Wine fold by au&ion to pay this and the former duty. Same a<5t.

END OF VOL* XL.

