The

﻿Statutes atLcarge.

FROM THE

Fifth to the Ninth Year of King George I.

B Y

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Efq>

Digitized by v^ooQie

Statutes at ILarge,

FROM THE

Fifth to the Ninth Year of King George I.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. XIV.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq; Reader of the Law Ledure to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY* for CHARLES BATHURST, attheCrofc-Keys, oppofite St.Dunftan’t Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1765.

CUM PRiriLEGlO.

Digitized by t^ooole

A ■

TABLE of the STATUTES,

J

Containing the Titles of all filch A£ts as are extant in print, from the Fifth to thejNinth #Var of King George I.

Anno 5	Ge I *

Cap, i. TT'OR granting to his Max' jefty an aid by a land* tax to be railed in Great	,

for the fctvice of the year 1719.

Cap. 2. For continuing the duties on - malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year 1719. and for enlarging the time for entring at the exchequer fuch alignments of reverfiortary annuities as are therein mentioned; and for better fecuring the duties on hides and Heins, vellotn, and parchment.

Cap. 3. For applying certain overplus monies, and nirther Turns, to be raifed, as well by way of a lottery, as by loans, towards paying off

' and cancelling exchequer bills, and for lefleningthe prefent great charge in relation to thole bills; and for circulating and exchanging for ready money the refidue of the fame bills for the future.

Cap. 4. For ftrengthening the pro-teft ant intereft in thefe kingdoms.

Cap. 5. For punilhing mutiny and aelertion, and for the better payment of the army, and their quarters.

Cap. 6. For quieting and eftablilhing corporations.

Cap. 7. For continuing an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen	in-

tituled, An alt for encouraging the tobacco trade.

C*P;8. For the more effedual relief of inch wives and children, as are left by their hulbands, and parents,

?>on the charge of Hie panflu

Oi.. XIV.

Cap. 9< For continuing certain duties Upon coals and culm, and for efta-blilhing certain funds to raife money, as well to proceed in the building of new churches, as alfo to compleat the fupply granted to his Majefty, and to referve the overplus monies of the faid duties for the difpolition of parliamentj and for more effectual fupprefling private lotteries.

Cap. io.For enlarging the time granted by two ad* of parliament, for repans of the piers of	,

alias Burlington; and for making the faid ads more effectual.

Cap. ir. Againft dandeftine running of uncuftomed goods; and for the more effectual preventing of frauds relating to the cuftoms.

Cap. 12. For making more effectual the feveral ads paft for repairing and amending the highways of this kingdom.

Cap. 13. For the amendment of writs of error $ and for the further preventing the arrefting or reverting of judgments after verdid.

Cap. 14. To continue the commilfion-ers, appointed to examine, ftatd and determine the debts due to. the army; and to examine and ftate the demands of feveral foreign princes and ftates for fubfidies during the late war.

Cap. 15. For making more effedual an ad of the third and fourth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled. An aft for the more effectual difentry and punijb-intnt of aoer-Jftalers, a	Cap.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

A TABLE of the

Cap. 16. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny fterling upon every pint of ale or beer, that (hall be vepded or fold within the town of Dunbar^ for improving and preferving the harbour, and repairing the town-houfe, and building a fchool, and . other publick buildings there ; arid for fupplying the faid town with . frefli water.	^

Cap. 17. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny (lerlipg upon every pint of ale or beer, that (hall be vended or fold within the town of /«wr-nefs, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the faid town, and tor building a church, and „ maklnjg a harbour there.

Cap. 18. For recovering the credit pf the Britijb fifhery in foreign parts; and better fecuring the duties on fait.

Cap. 19. For redeeming the fund ap-propriated for payment of the lottery-tickets, which were made forth for the fervicc of the year 1710, by a voluntary fubfeription of thepro-prietorsinto the capital flock ot the South-Sea company; and for raifing a fum of money to pay off filch debts and incumbrances as are therein mentioned ; and for appropriating the fuppiies granted in this feflion of parliament ; and to limit times for profecutions upon bonds for exporting cards and dipe.

Cap* 20. For fettling certain yearly funds payable out of the revenue of Scotland, to fapsfy publick debts in Scotland, and other ufes mentioned in the treaty of union; and to difeharge the equivalents claimed on behalf of Scotland in the terms of the fame treaty; and for obviating all future difputcs, charges and . expences, concerning thofe equivalents^

C For the bettor (during the

STATUTES.

lawful trade of his Majefty’s fub-

* jeds to and from the Eaft-Indies ; and for the more effedual preventing all his Majefty’s fubjeds trading thither under foreign commif-fions.

Cap. 22. For enlarging the time to determine claims on the forfeited eftstfefc

Cap. 23. For appointing a commif-fioner arid truflee to put in execution the powers and authorities of the feveral ads of parliament relating to the forfeited eftates, and eftates given to fuperftitious ufes, in the room qf George Treby efq> who has defired to be difeharged from the faid trufts.

Cap. 24. For the better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts..

Cap. 25. For continuing the ad made in the eighth year of the reign of the late Queen Anne, to regulate the price and afiize of bread; and for continuing the ad made in the twelfth year of her faid late Rfaje-jefty’s reign, for the better encouragement of the making fail-cloth in Great Britain.

Cap. 26. For preventing the mifehiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpowder in or near the cities of London and Weft-minjler, or the fuburbs thereof.

Cap. 27. To prevent the inconveni-encies arifing from feducing artificers in the manufadures ot Great Britain into foreign parts.

Cap. 28. For the further priniftiment of fuch perfons as (hall unlawfully kill or deflroy deer in parks, paddocks or other inclofed grounds.

Cap. 29. For making more effeduai the laws appointing the oaths for fecurity or the government, to be taken by minifters and preachers in churches and meeting'hotzfes in Scotland.

Cap. 30. For amending tad making more eficdual the laws for repairing the highways, bridges, and

ferries

Digitized by

Google

A, TABtE of the STATUTES.

ferries in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 31. For eniaqnng the time granted by ap ad of t*>e ninth and tenth years of King	for

deanfipg and making navigable the channel from the Hyde at -

. cbefier to Wivtnboe; and for making the faid ad more effedual.

Cap. 3a. For relief of inch fufferers of the i{lands of Nevis and St. Chrijlophers, as have fettled in either of thole iflands, and made due proof of fuch fettlement before the twenty fifth day of December 1712.

Private Alls.

Anno 5 Georgii I.

j. An ad for repairing the roads from the top of	Slokm-Cbwrc hill	to

fiow Bridge, and the road leading from Wheatley Bridge through the city of Oxen by Bto New Wtodfiock in the county of Oxon (except the mile-way on each fide the city) and to diiable all com-mifiioners or trainees appointed for repairing of any highways or roads, to have any place of profit arifing out of the toll for repairing fuch highways or roads.

2.	An ad for repairing the rpads from Beeonsfield in the county of

to Stoken-Cburcb in the county of Oxm.

3.	An ad to render more effedual

the agreements that have been made between Thomas Holies duke of	NewcafBe, Henry	Pelham, efq;

Edward Lord Harley, and the lady Henrietta his wife, William Pane and Gilbert Vatu, ejquires, fons of Chrifiepber Lord Bernard, or any of then^ in relation to the will and jftate of J»hn late duke of Nw-toftle; and for fettling the fame In fuch manner as may be agreeable, aothe intent of (he fipid agreements ; and Cor other purpofca therein mentioned.	.	,

4.	ad to ycft the fee and inherit-

ance of the capital meffuage called Halifax Houfe in St. James’s in the parilh of S t Wefimin-fter, and the cattle and manor of

Fotberingbay in the county of Northampton, in truftees, to be fold together with a term of five hundred years devifcd by William late lord marquis of Halifax to his executors, in truft, for the better performaacq of his will.

5.	An ad for relief of Sir Nicholas Tempefi, baronet, touching an ettate detnifed to him by William late lord Wtddrington and lady Jane his late wife, many years before the attainder of the laid late lord drington.

6.	An ad to enable William Granvilt, efq; to take upon him the furnajn* of Glow ill, inftead of his furaame of Evelyn, purfuant to the will of William Glanvill, efq; deceafed.

7.	An ad to enable William , efq; and the perlons in remainder after him, to make leafes of the houfe* and ground therein mentioned, and to redify fome mittakei in two leafes from King Charles the SeOuid to Sir William Pulteney, and from King William the Third to John Pulteney, efq;

8.	An ad for vemng certain lands and tenements in the county of

Somerfetythe Ettate of Thomas Jett, efq; in truttces, to be fold, and with the money arifing thereby, tep purchafe other lands of the like value, to be fettled to the fame ufes.

9.	Au ad for vetting in John ,

gent, pnd his heirs, part of the ettate of Thomas	efq;	at

Stranttn, Seaton, Carew and Thorp

Thewles in the county of Durham, freed from the ufes and trutts of thefjud Thomas Davifon’i marriage

. fettlement, and toitttle other lands of better value to the fame ufes..

10.	An ad for fale of feveral manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments

a 2	of

Digitized by

A TABLE o£the STATUTES. -

of the right honourable Thomas earl of Wejlmorland in the county of Kent* and with the monies a-rifing by fuch fale to purchafe Other

• fends in or near the county of Northamptotti to be fettled to the* fame ufes#

XI.	An alt for vefting an eftate late of Francit Pbelips, efq; in Barling in the county of Ejfex* in truftees, to be fold for thO purpo/cs therein mentioned.

J2. An aft to enable Thomas Willoughby* efq; and the perfons in remainder after him, to make a jointure.

13.	An alt to enable Catherine Pdul* an infant, to transfer the mift therein mentioned, as if fhe were of the age of one and twenty years.

14.	An alt for confirming an agreement between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London* governors of the poflef-fions, revenues and goods of the hofpitals of EdwardVZing of England the Sixth, of Cbrijl* Bridewell and St. Thomas the Apojlk, and the governors of the fchools founded by Erafmus Smith* efq;

15.	An alt for fale of part of the eftate

' of Robert Barnwell* efq; and for

purchafing other lands to be fettled to the fame ufes, as the eftate to *be fold is fettled.

16.	An alt for fale of the eftate of Nathaniel Long late of London merchant, deCeafed, for payment of his debts, and for applying the re-fidut according to the direltion of his will.

17.	An alt to naturalize Peter Se-jourtte* Samuel Dufrtfnay* and Peter Lucas.

18.	An alt for naturalizing Lodowick Cbriflian SprogelL

’*9. An alt for making the town and townftiip of Sunderland a diftinlt parUh from the parilh of Bxjbop Wearmoutb in the county of Dur* bam.

20.	An alt for vefting the manors of AJkie* Catterton* and other lands in

, the county of York, and county of the city of York* part of the eftate of Philip duke of Wharton* in truftees, to be fold or mortgaged for the purpofes therein mentioned.

21.	An alt to enable the lords com-mMioners of the treafury, or lord high treafurer for the time being, to compound with Jafper Cullurft for £he debts he Hands engaged for to the crown on account of Richard Ue* Thomas Corbin* Hene-age Robinfon and John Fox* for the duties on * tobacco.

22.	An alt to enable the lords com-

miffioners of the treafury, or lord high treafurer for the time being, to compound with Robert WemeS for the debt due from him to his Majefty, in relation to the duties on fait.	f

23.	An alt to enable Robert Packer* efq; and Mary his wife, Winch-combe Howard Packer* (their fon a minor) Henrietta Winchcombe* and Thomas Skerret* efq; and daml Elizabeth Winchcombe his wife, to enter their refpeltire claims before the commiflioners and truftees for determiningclaimsupontheforfeit-ed eftates, and to impower the faid commiflioners and truftees to hear and determine the faid claims.

24.	An alt for the relief of Edward _ Clent*tfq; executor of lieutenant” colonel Thomas Clent* for an army debenture loft in the pay-office.

25.	An alt to naturalize Peter Lamy de Home* and Charlotte IVhetJlone.

Anno 6 Georgii I.

Cap. 1. For granting to his Majefty an aid by a land-tax to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year 1720.

Cap. 2. For continuing the dudes on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for die fervice of the year 1720, and for enabling the lords commiffion*

Digitized by L^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

’ ers of his Majeft/s treafury to call In fuch exchequer-bills as are to be cancelled and dtfcharged with money appointed for that purpofe.

Cap. For punifhing mutiny and deration, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 4. For enabling the South-Sea company to increafe their prefent capital flock and fund, by redeeming fuch publick debts and incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for railing money to be applied for lefleningteveral of the publick debts and incumbrances; and for calling in the prefent exchequer-bills remaining uncancelled ; and for making forth new hills in lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged upon demand at or near the exchequer.

Cap. 5. For the better fccuring the dependency of the kingdom of 7r/-lani upon the crown of Gnat Britain.

Cap. 6. For preventing the carriage of cxcedive loads of meal, malt, bricks and coals, within ten miles of the cities of London and JVeji~ tmnfter.

Cap. 7. For hying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one lixth part of a penny fteriing, upon every pint of ale or beer that (hall be vended or fold within the town of Mon-trofe, and privileges thereof, for Supplying the laid town with frefli water, aim for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 8. For hying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny fteriing, upon every Scots pint of beer or ale vended or fold within the town of Bruntijkind and liberties thereof, for incrcafing the publick revenue of the hid town, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 9. For hying a duty of two pennies 3cots$ or one lixth part of

a penny fierling, upon every Scott pint ot beer and ale that (hall be vended or fold within the town of Pittenweem and liberties thereof, for repairing the harbour there, and for maintaining other publick works of the faid town.

Cap. io. For making forth new exchequer-bills, not exceeding one million, at a certain intereft; and for lending the fame to the Soutb-Sea company at an higher intereft, upon fecurity of repaying the fame and fuch high interen into the ex* chequer, for ufes to which the fund for leflening the publick debts (called the finking fund) is applicable ; and for circulating and exchanging upon demand the laid bills at or near the exchequer.

Cap. ri. For laying a duty upon wrought plate; and for applying money arifing for the clear produce (by (ale of the forfeited eftates) towards anfwering his Mafefty's fupply; and for taking off the drawbacks upon hops exported for Ireland \ and for payment of annuities, to be purchaled after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum at the exchequer, redeemable by parliament; and for appropri-ating fupplies granted in tins fcf-fion of parliament; and to prevent counterfeiting receipts and warrants of the officers of the Soutb-Sea company ; and for explaining a late a<51 concerning foreign fait cellared and locked up before the four and twentieth day of Juno 1719) and to give a further time tor paying duties on certain apprentices inr dentures ; and for relief of Thomas Vernon, efq; in relation to a parcel of fenna imported in the year 1716.

Cap. 12. For preventing of frauds and abufes in the allowances on damaged wines, and for lengthen* jng the time for the drawbacks on the exportation of wines.

a 3	. Cap.

Digitized by

Google

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap 13. For afcertaining the breadths, and preventing frauds and abdfes in manufacturing ferges, pladings amd fingrums, and tor regulating the manufactures of (lockings, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 14. For prohibiting the importation of raw filk and mohair yarn of the product or manufacture of Afia, from any ports or places in the Streights or Levant feas, except fuch ports and places-as are within the dominions of the Grand Stig-’ftior.

tap. 15. To repeal To much of the aft, intituled. An aft for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes in his 'Mefjefly'seufioms, palled in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of King Charles the Second, as relates to the prohibiting the importatiori of deal-boards and fir-timber from , Germany.

Cap. 16. To explain and amend an aCt paffed in the firlt year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft to 'entourage the planting of timber-trees, fruit-trees, and other trees,for 'ornament, Jheltcr or profit, and for fhe better prefervation of the fame, end for the preventing the burning of

*	woods, and for the better preferva-

*	tion of the fences of fuch woods. "Cap. 17. For appointing commiffion-

ers t6 examine, (late and determine the debts due to the army; and to \ examine and ftate demands of fe-veral foreign princes and ftates for fubfidies during the late war.

Cap. 18. For better fecuring certain powers and privileges intended to be granted by his Majefty by two charters, for affurance of (hips and , merchandizes at fea, and for lending money .upon bottomry; and . for reftraining feveral extravagant and unwarrantable practices therein mentioned.

Cap. *9. For making perpetual fo much of an aft made in the tenth

year of the reign of Queen Anne, For the reviving and continuing feveral afts therein mentioned, as relates to the buildiag and repairing county gaols; and alfo an ad of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, for the more effedual fup-preflion of piracy; and for making more effectual the aft of the thirteenth year of the feign of King Charles the Second, intituled* An aft for efiablijhing articles and orders for the regulating and better government of his Majefifs Jhips of war and forces by fea.

Cap. 20, For continuing the afts formerly made for repairing the highways in the county or tiertfori therein mentioned, and for making the faid afts more effectual.

Cap. 21. For preventing frauds and abufes in the publick revenues of excife, cuftoms, ftamp-duties, poft-

' office, and houfe-moncy.

Cap. 22. For relief oFinfolvent debtors, and for the more eafy difa charge of bankrupts out of execution, after their certificates allowed.

Cap. 23. For the further preventing robbery, burglary, and other felonies, and for the more effipChial tranfportation of felons.

Cap. 24. For better explaining the nature of conveyances to be made to the purchafers of the forfeited eftates by the commiffioners and truftees afting in Scotland; and for preventing difficulties in determining claims on the faid eftates 5 and to enable the judges in'Lreland to examine witneffes relating to claims on forfeited eftates there; and for enabling fuch corporations as (hall purchafe any of the faid eftates, to grant annuities, not exceeding the yearly value of the faid eftates; and for relieving the widow and daughters of {h$ late Sir Donald Macdonald.

Digitized by v^ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Op, 15. For repairing the roads from Stevemdge in the county of Hertford^ to Bigglefwade in the county of Bedford.

Cap. 26. For enlarging the term granted by an alt in the fourth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for repairing the highway, leading from the Srones-End in Kent-ftreet to the Lime-Kilns in Eaft-Greenwich near Black Heath, and to Lewi (ham cbureb, being the Tunbridge road in the county of Kent; and for repairing and amending the highways s*nd roads leading from IVefitmnJiir ferry in the parilh of Lambeth in the county of Surrfa to New-Crofs in the parilh of Deptford in the county of Kent\ and for enlarging the term granted by an oA paffed in the fourth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled. An a& for amending the roads from the city ef London to the town of Eaft-Grinftead in the county of Suftfex, and to Sutton and Kingfton in the county of Surrey; and for explaining and amending the lame a&.

Cap. £7. For making the river Dar-weni ip the county of Derby navigable.

Cap. 28. For making the river Dou-glas9 alias Mand> navigable from the river Kibble to Wigan in the county palatine of Lancafter.

Cap* 29. For preierving and improving the navigation of the river Oufe In the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 30. For making the river Idle navigable, from Eajl-Retford in the county of Nottingham, to Bow-try-Wharf in the county of Tori.

Private Ails.

Anno 6 Georgii I,

r.	An a£t for fettling and alluring the manors of Orton and Bottle-Bridge, and other premifles in the county of Huntingdon, to the feveral ufes mentioned in the will of Margaret late duchefe of Nwtajlle,

and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

2.	An alt for veiling part of the eftate of Thomas earl or Hadinton, in tru-

, flees, to be fold, and with the mo« nies ariiing thereby, to purchafe other lands of the like value to be fettled to the fame ufes.

3.	An a& to enable Anne W<dkery alias Baughs, a minor, the wife of Thomas Folliot Walker, gent, to fell ar*l convey unto the right honourable William Conolly, efq; and his heirs, her (hare and proportion of feveral manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments in the kingdom of Ireland, devifed to her by the laft will of Thomas late Lord Follioty dc-ceafed; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

4.	An alt for confirming a partition made between the right honourable George lord Carbery, baron of Carbtry in the kingdom of Ireland> and Henry O-Brten, cfiqj of certain manors, lands and hereditaments In the feveral counties of Northampton and Rutland.

5.	An alt for incloftog the common, commonly called Baltonfbury common, in the parifhes of Baltonfbury and Bradley in the county of So-merfet.

6.	An a & to enable Thomas Dove, efq; to raife two thoufand pounds upon his eftate at Vptony Sutton* Aylef-

1	worth znd Caftor, and to make fele of his eftate at Hoatheneoate in the county of Northampton, for discharging incumbrances upon tb# /aid eftates, railing of portions for his brother and lifter, and payment of his father’s and his own debts.

7.	An alt for incloltne $e heath or common, commonly called GraU wood Heath in the parilh of Etcle* Jhall in the county of Stafford.

8.	An alt to enable the leflees and farmers of Daniel Whitby, doltor in divinity, and prebendary of the

a 4	prebend

A TABLE of the

- prebend of Tsiagtcn Regis, m the cathedral church of the blefted lady . Mary the. virgin, of Sarum* and of all Succeeding prebendaries of the * laid preband for the time being, to make leafes of the copyhold lands of the feveral manors of Prejlon, alias PreJ}$wn> and Church-land, alias the Parforis Land, in the county of Devon. t). An ad for making the townlhips : of Shipfion and Tidmngton a diftind . parifti from theparifti of Trading-ion in the county and dioccfe of Worcejterand tor dividing the redory of the (aid pariih of 3"rafts#-into three parts,

20. An ad for fupplying the defeds , in, and better performance of the will of Edmund Duncb, efq$ .de-. ceafcd.

zi* An ad for difeharging certain eftates in the counties of Lincoln and Warwick, of and from , the ufes and^ limitations contained in ' the roarrlag^-fettlpmcnt of Sir William Keyte, baronet, and fettling other lands in the county of Glou-f after y of greater value to the famp ufes.

la. Aj\ad for vefting the eftates of • Sir John Halos and Sir Cbrijlopher HaleSy baronets, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, for railing money for the paying and difeharging the . debts and incumbrances charged thereupon, and affeding the lame,

. and.foroth^r purpoles therein mentioned.

13.	An ad for fele of part of the eftate of Sir John CbUbeJ1sry baronet, ipx thp purpofe* therein mentioned.

?4» An ad to enable Elizabeth Go-meldon) widow, and her truftees, to enter their refpedive claims before . the commiflioners and truftees of the forfeited eftates, and to im-. power the faid oofntnifiioners and truftees to hear and determine the feme.

STATUTES.

13: An ad to enable Laurence Brode* risk, an infant, to perform certain articles of agreement entered into by Anne his mother, fincc deceafed, to whom he is heir.

16# An ad to enable truftees to fell part of the eftate of John Sandfordy efq; deceafed, for the payment of his debts and legacies, and for o-ther purpofes therein mentioned.

17.	An ad forfeit of the eftate of William Pembroke, late of Port/-mouth-Dock, deceafed, fituate at North-the county of Hertford) for the purpofes therein mentioned.

j8. An ad for vefting the eftate of

John Pendarves, late of Rofcrow in the county of Cornwall) dq; deceafed, in new truftees, to and for the fame ufes, intents and purposes, as are mentioned in his will,

19.	An ad to enable John Ro/ier, efq;

. and his iflue, to change their for-

names from Rofier to Reynolds* *

20.	An ad for tne naturalization of Mary Sophia Charlotte, vifeountefs Howty wife of Scroop lord vifeount Howe of the kingdom of Ireland.

21.	An ad for naturalizing Gerard Van Neck.

aa* An ad for naturalizing Bennet' Erafmus Hopfer.

23. An ad for naturalizing John Backer and George Kruger.

24* An ad for naturalizing Samuel Gampert,

25. Ad for naturalizing Cornelius Backer and Henry de Putter.

p6. An ad for naturalizing Francis Van Hemert, John Van Hemerty Frederick Morgan, and Henry Nicholas Sander•

27* An ad for naturalizing John Henry Grutzman•

18.	An ad for vefting the eftate late of Gilbert NichoilettSy efq; deceafed, in truftees for payment of his debts

. and lifters portions, and for making a provifion for his widow and . child*

29. An

Digitized by L^ooQle

A T ABLE of the

09.	Ah •& to annexing the late duke of Sbrowflufft eftbte to theearl-. dona of Shrewflmry, and confirm- -ing Gilbert earl of fet-tkment in order thereto, and for other pnrpofes therein mentioned, jo. An act for exchanging of federal * final] parcel* of land in the parifli and manor of	Fklbmbelonging to

the btfhoprick of	for	other

■	land* of greater tahie, to Charles

- earl of	Peterboroughand

■	and hi* heirs.

31. An ad to enable any corporations ' within the univerfity of	,

or any other perfbns, to fell and convey any manages and ground to the laid univerfity, for enlarg-

-	ing their publick library.

«a. An aft for rebuilding the parifh-

-	church of Saint Martin in the Fields in the city of fVeJbninftcr, at the charge of the inhabitants of the faid parim.

33.	An ad for fale of part of the e-ftate of fir Cepplejtm Warwick Bamp-fylde, baronet, and for fettling another eftatc of greater value to the fame ufes.

34.	An ad to enable fir James Lum-

ley, baronet, to fettle a competent jointure, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

35.	An ad for naturalizing -Philip Germain and George Heilmans.

36.	An ad for naturalizing George

■	AngeU._______________________________

Anne 7 Georgii I,

P*P- «• For rcftnuning the fab-governor, deputy-governor, dire&ors, treafarer or cafluer, dcputy-cafhier, and accountant erf the Soutb-Sea company, from going out of this kingdom for the (pace of one year, and until the end of the then next fcflion of parliament; and for dif-covering their eftates and effedb; and for preventing the tranfponing or alieuamig the toe. ,

Cap, a. To di (able the present fob-

STATUTES.

: governor, deputy-governor and diredors of the South-Sea company, at, from and after the refpedive times for eleding a fob-governor, deputy-governor and new diredors of the faid company, to take, hold or enjoy any office, place or employment in the (hid company, or in the	Eafl- India company, or bank

of	England., and from voting upon

eledions in the (aid company.-

Gap. 3. For repealing an ad made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majefiy Queen Anne, intituled. An aEt to oblige flaps coming from plates	infeffed’,more	to per-

form their quarentine; and for preventing the plague being brought

‘ from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the ifles of Guem-fey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Man-, and to hinder the fpreadmg of in-fedion.

Cap. 4.. For granting an aid to his Majefiy by a land-tax to be raifed in Great	Britain,for the fervice of

the year 1741.

Cap. 5. To enable the South-Sea company to ingraft part of their capital ftock and rand, into the ftock and food of the bahk of England, and another part thereof into the ftock and fond of the Edft-btdia company j and for giving further time for payments to be made by the faid South-Sea company, to the ufe of the publick.

Cap. 6. For punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 7. To preferve and encourage the woollen %nd filk manufadures of this kingdom; and for more effedual employing the poor, by prohibiting the ufe and wear of all printed, painted, (tamed or died callicoes, in apparel, Houfholdftuff,

■ furniture or otherwife, after the twenty fifth-day of December 172a. -• (except as therein is excepted.)

Cap. 8. For enlarging the time- for

making

Digitized by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

making the river Ktnnet navigable from Reading to	in the

county of Ber-is.

Cap. 9. For the better preservation of the harbour of Rye in the county of Suffix.

Cap* 10* For making the river Weaver navigable from Frodjbam-Bridge to	Wwsford-Bridge in the county of

Cbffttr.

Cap. 11, For finilhing and adorning . thenewchapel, called Saint Georg chapel, in Great Yarmouth in the county of Norfolkand for enlightening the ftfeets of the laid town, by. a duty or impofition on coals, culm and cinders, to be landed and confumed there.

Cap. iz. For employing the rnaou-usurers, ,and incouraging the con-. fwnption pf raw filk and mohair yam, by prohibiting the wearing of buttons and button-holes made - ef.doth, Cerge, or other fluffs.

Cap. 13. For regulating the journeymen taylors within the weekly bills of mortality.

Cap. 14. For continuing the duties gmntpdbyleveral a£U made in the fixdi and tenth years of her late Majeffy’s .reign tor repairing the harbour and key of	,	in

the county of	Som

Cap. 15. For making the rivers Mtr-syand Irwell navigable from JJver-poole	sofifancbefier,in the county

palatine of Lancajier.

Cap. ■ 16. ..For the better prderviag „ and keeping in repair the piers of the town and port of Whitby in the county of York, and for explaining and making mote effectual the fc-vcral ads palled for lengthening and repairing the piers of Brid&ng-teer, anas Burlington, in the faid county.

Cap. 17. For making navigable the river Dane, from Norihwicb, where it joins the river Weaver, to the falling in of Whtekck-Brotk \ and

• Wheelaci-Break up to Whetlock-. Bridge in the county of Cap. £&, rFor enlarging the term . granted by an ad fumed in the tenth year of the reign of her late maje-fty Qpeen Anne, intituled* An for repairing the	r Hjghgate

Gate-houfe in the county a/Mida|e-fex, U Barnet Blockhoufe in the ■ county ^ Hertford j and for repairing the road leading from the Bear-Inn in Hadley to the fign of the Angel in Enfield chafe ip the (aid county of	Middleftu.

Cap. 19. For continuing an ad made in the fixth year of the reign of her . late majefly Queen Anne, intituled, Aif aft for repairing and enlarging the highways between the top of Kingf-down-Hill and thy city of Bath; and alfo feveral highways leading to and through the Jaid city, and for fleanf-ing, paving and lightning the , and regulating the chairmen there ^ and for explaining and making the . faid ad more efiedual.

Cap. 20* For continuing the duties on'malt, mum, cyder and perry, to raife money by way of a lottery, for the fervice of the year 1721* and for transferring the deficiency of a late malt-ad to the j.and-tax for the faid year) and fordifpofing certain' overplus money to. proper objeds of charity; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be - paid for their indentures and contracts ; and touching fmall quantities of cyder exported; and for relief of captain John Perry, concerning Dagenham Breach; and touching loft bills, tickets or orders; and concerning the duty of Xmah pieces of plate; and to enable the undertakers for railing Thames water in York-Buildings, to fell annuities by way of a lottery; and for fatisfying a debt, which was charged on the late duty on hops J and for appro-6	priating

Digitized by LjOoq Le

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

priating the monies granted in this ' fcflion of parliament.

Cap. gx. For the further preventing his Maje/ly's fubje&s from, trading to the Eafl-lndies under foreign commiffionsj and for encouraging and further fecuring the lawful trade thereto; and for further regulating the pilot6 of and the ifle of	Tba

Cap. 22. For enabling Charles eaii of Arran to purchafe the forfeited e-ftate of janes Butler, late duke of Ormonde; and for granting relief to William late lord Wtddrington ; and for enlarging the time for determining claims upon the forfeited eftatesj and for enabling the commiffioners for the faid forfeited e/fates to certify into the exchequer, all fuch eHates as they have found to be given to popifh or fuperftiti-ous ures.

Cap. 23. For repairing the feveral roads leading from the town of Ledbury in the county of	to

the feveral places tnereinmentioned. Cap. 24. For repairing the road from Wend over to the town of Buckingham in the county of Bucks.

Cap. 2£. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny Jltrling, upon every Scots pint of ale or beer that fhall be brewed for fale, vended or tapped within the town of Jedburgh, and privileges thereof, for paying the pub-lick debts pf the laid town, and for fupplying the feme with frefh water, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 26. For repairing the road from Saint Giles’s Pound to Bridge, in the county of Cap. 27. For railing a fum not ex-. ceeding live hundred thoufend pounds, by charging annuities at the rate of rive pounds per tentum per annum upon the civil lift revenues, till redeemed by the crown; jtnd for enabling his Msyefty, his

heirs or fucceflors, (by caofingfoch . a deduction to be mad* as therein is mentioned) to make good to'the . mil lift the payments which fhall . have been made upon the faid annuities} and for borrowing money upon certain lottery-tickets} and for difeharging the corporations fof afTurances of part of the money which they were obliged to pay to his Majefty } and for making good a deficiency to the Eajl-Jtfdia company.	,

Cap. 28. For railing money upon the eftates of the late fub-govemor, deputy-governor, dire£tors,cafh»er, deputy-cafhier and accountant of the Soutb-Sea company, and of Jiflabie efqj and Ukewife of James Craggs fenior efq; deceafed, towards making good the greatlofsand da? mage iuftained by the feid company} and for difoblipg fuch of the feid perfons as are living, to hold any office or place of truft under the crown, or to fit or vote in parliament for the future; and for other purpofes in the feid a& exprefied. Cap. 29. For the King’s>moft gracious, general and free pardon. .

Cap. 30. For appointing commiffion-ers to examine, ftate, and determine the debts due to the army. - 1 Cap. 31. For explaining and making more effectual the feveral ada concerning bankrupts. - t Cap. 32. To explain and amend the adt of the twelfth year of her late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An far repairing the bigburayer rood from She Jiones-tnd in the partjh of &Xeo-nard Shoreditch mtbt county of	-

dkiex, to the furthermost part ofthe . northern road in the parifb of Enfield in the fame county,	to	parijb

of Chefhunt in the county .Hertford.

Private ASs.

Anno 7 GI. t. An ad for naturalizing John Ro-btthon, and George Rsbttben his fon,

Aa

Digitized by L,ooQLe

A TABLE of the ST ATUTES.

i.	An aft to naturalize Joachim Pe-terjftn, Henry	Benedict

Coep,taA'John Henry	'

3.	An aft to enclofe the common

field of Ligbthorne, and a common called	lagbtbome-Heat	in-the

county of Warwick.

4.	An aft for draining, improving, and incjofiflg the common called Stokefiy-Common in the parilh of

Stokefly in the couhty of Norfolk.

5.	An aft to-enablethe right honourable Hentage earl of	to

‘ fell certain eftates of leasehold and inheritance in the county of Kent,

■ comprized in his marriage-fettle-ment; and- to piirchafe another e-ftate in the county of Leicejler of better value, to be fettledto the fame • ufes. •

6.	An aft for the naturalization of

Ifebdla countefs of	,	wife

of William earl of Denbigh.

7.	An aft for naturalizing John Hart~

- cup.

2. An aft for naturalizing Gilbert dt Ftinti, Chrijtian Friederiek Zincke , and others.

9. An aft to enable the right honourable Thomas lord , Baron of Macclesfield* lord high chancellor of Great* Britain, John Sutton clerk, Edward Ayres and Sarah his wife, •mA’Matthew Hawes and Sarah his wife, for and on the behalf of them-felves, and of their infant children, to make feveral exchanges of lands and tenements, and to perform feveral agreements touching the fame.

19.	An aft toveft the fee and inheritance of divers meifuages, lands, and hereditaments of	late

marquis of Haltifax in truftees, to be fold together with a term of five hundred years by him devifed to his executors in truft, for the better performance of his will.

11.	An aft for fettling the eftates of Richard late carl Rivers deceafed, purfuant to an agreement made between Frederick earl of

Bejjy countefs of Rochford fils wife, James Barry earl of Barrymore in the kingdom of Ireland, and lady Penelope Barry his daughter, and John now earl Rivers, fubjdft to the payment of the debts and legacies of the faid late earl , remaining unpaid; and for other purpofesIn the faid aft mentioned.

12.	An aft for fale of part of the e-ftate of the right honourable Robert lord Romney in the county of Norfolk, and for fettling other lands, of greater value in the county of Kent, already purchafed, to the fame ufes.

13.	An aft to enable any corporations

within the univerfity of Oxford, or any other perfons, to fell and convey any meffuages and ground within the faid univerfity, for building a library, purfuant to the will of John	Radtliffe, doftor in phyfick ;

and for impoweringany colleges in the faid univerfity, to fell or convey any ground or houfes to each other, for the purpofes therein mentioned,

14.	Ah aft to veil the eftate of fir Charles Carteret, bart. deceafed, in truftees, for payment of his debts, and for fettling the remainder to the feme ufes in his will.

15.	An aft to enable his Majefty to grant the inheritance of certain e-nates therein mentioned, held by leafe from the crown, which have been long in the family of fir William Pulttnej deceafed, in which more than one hundred years are yet to come, to truftees, upon a full confideration to be paid for the feme, as lhall be valued by proper officers of the crown, to die end the fame, may be fettled according to the ufes direfted in the will of the Jaid fir Wiliam Pul-teney.

16.	An aft for vefting in truftees a moiety of divers manors and lands in Ejfex, belonging to Thomas Paget cfq; and Mery his wife, to enable

them

Digitized by v^-ooq ie

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

them, to convey the lame according to articles for fele thereof.

17.	An aft to enable Herbert Ferret

Paddngton e% only fon of fir Join Pacihogten baronet, to acknowledge fines, and fuffer recoveries, while he is under the age of one and twenty years.

18.	An ad for veiling certain lands and tenements in the county of

GItucefter, the eftate of Henry Harrington gent, in truftees, to be fold, and with the money aiifing thereby to purchafe other lands of greater yearly value, to be fettled to the fame ules as the eftate to be fold is fettled, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

19.	An ad to enable Harry Bridges cfq; to fell the manors of

in the county of	for	pay-

ment of his daughter’s portion, and legacies charged thereupon.

20.	An ad for difcharging certain e-ftates in the counties of Nerftlk and

Suffolk, of and from the ufes and limitations contained in the mar-riage-fettiement of Thomas Grey cfq; and for fettling other eftates in the faid counties to the fame ufes:

21.	An ad to enable James Clavering junior, efo; to make fale of bis e-ftate at 7 onfield in the county of Durham, freed from the ufes and trufts in the laid James Clavering’s, marriage-fettlement, and to fettle his eftate at Hall-Hill in the laid county, to the fame ufes.

22.	An ad for veiling the manors of Burnells, alias R and certain lands in Norfolk, part of the cftate of Jonas Roue, gent, and Luey his wife, in truftees, to be fold for dif-cbarging the incumbrances thereon, and tor other purpofes therein mentioned.

23.	An ad to enable Robert Paynter efq; to fell the manors of Twydal and Baft-Court in the county of ; and to fettle other lands of greater value to the feme or the like ufes.

24.	An ad for fele of the cftate of John, late earl of Kildare deceafed, in the county of Limerick within the kingdom of Ireland,for payment of the charges and incumbrances thereon, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

25.	An ad for difeharging part of the cftate of Richard Cambridge cfq; in the county of Glouetfter, from the ufes and limitations contained in his marriage-fettlement; and for fettling another eftate in the feme county of better value, to the feme ufes.

26.	An ad for indofing the heath or

common called Brooa-Heath, in the parilhes of Ellen-Hall,	and

Renton, in the county of Stafford. -

27.	An ad for naturalizing James

Maffe and	JacobStelk.

28. An ad for naturalizing	de NeuJmUe.

29.	An ad for confirming the manor of Latham, and divers lands in the county of Lancafter, to Richard Waring, Bryan Fairfaxvad Thomas AJb-urft efqs; and their heirs, fubjedto the trufts to which the fame are now liable, and difeharged of a certain daufe in letters patents ef King Charles the firft, for reconveying the reverfion in fee to the crown,'

30.	An ad for vefting part of the ®-ftate late of Anthony Ltcbmtro efq; deceafed, in truftees, to be fold for payment of his debts.

31.	An ad for fale of the eftate of the

manor of	RadweU, and other the e-

ftate of Robert Belf efq; and Richard Bell his fon, in Radtvel and Norton in the county of	Hertford',and for	-

purchafing other lands to be fettled to the fame ufes.

32.	An ad for fale of the eftate late of Richard Gtvyn gent; in the county of Brecon, for payment of debts, and for the fettling an eftate in the county of Carmarthen, to- certain purpofes therein mentioned.

22.	An ad for fele of part of the u.

ftate

1

Digitized by Google

A TABLE of Ac STATUTES.'

Aate of Edward N gem. in thecohmy of Leicefter,for payment of debts charged thereupon; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

34. An-aft for naturalizing 'John Frederick Jales.

Anno 7 Gtorgii J. Sejf. a.

For making Several provision* * to re-ftose&epubiicik credit, which fuf-fer» jay the frauds and mtfaiinoge-aaents of the late directors of the Seuth-Sea company, and others.

Private Aft.

An aft for naturalizing Lofton.

Amo 8 Ge I.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land-tax to be railed in Great	Britain, for the fervice of

the year 1722.

Cap. 2. For continuing the duties on an alt, mum, cyder and perry, to raifemoneybyway of a lottery, for the ferviee of the year 1722, and for transferring the deficiencies of a late mak-aft to the land-tax for the fa id year, and for giving time for infesting -the money given with

• apprentices in their indentures, and touching loft hills, tickets or orders; and for exchangingthe tickets an the exchequer for certificates; and for fupprefling lotteries, denominated fates, and other private lotteries; and for enlarging tne time for the accountant general of the bank of England, to return duplicates of annuities into the exchequer.

Cap. 3. For puntyhing mutiny and ■defection, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 4. For taking off the duty upon tall (alt ufed in the curing of red herrings and laying a proportionable duty upon all red herrings contained at home only t ana forafcertainmgthe cufiomsana -excite payable fqrthe fugar-houfes

In Scotland; and for making an allowance for fait loft in any harbour or river of this realm; and for the better fecuring the duties on fait delivered in Scotland.

Cap, 5. To explain and amend the aft palfed in the third year of his prelent Majefty’s reign. For repairing the highway from feveraj places therein mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gate-floufe and Hamp-fleadj in the county of

Cap. 6. For granting the people called Shakersy foch forms of affirmation or declaration, as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under.

Cap. 7. For laying a duty of two pennies ScotSy or one fixtli part of a penny fterling, upon every Scots pint of ale or beer that lhall be brewed for fale, vended, or tapped within the town of	and pri-

vileges thereof, for paying the pub-lick debts of the faid town, and fpr other the purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 8. To enable his Majefty effectually to prohibit commerce (for the fpace of one year) with any country that is or (hall be infefted. with the plague; and for Ihortning the continuance of an aft palled in the feventh year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for repealing an all made in the ninth year of her late majefty Sheen Anne, intituled. An all to oblige coming	-

places infefted, more effefluaUy to perform their quarentine; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts Great Britain or Ireland, a/'Guero-fey, Jerfey, Alderney* Sark or Man). and to hinder the fpreading of infection.

Qap. a. For continuing an aft palled in the tenth year of the reign of her .late Majefty, intituled, An aS for

repairing the highway between a tain pku$ ca'^e4 Kilbmrn-Bridge, in

the

Digitized by Google

A TABTE of the STATUTES.

the taunt} of Middlesex, and Sparrow s-Herne in the county of Hertford ; and for making die faid a3t more tffc&wi.

Cap. to. For repealing fach dairies in the aCt patted in the feventh year of his Majcfty’s reign (relating to quarantine and the plague) ns give power to remove perfons from their feabitatfons, or to make lines , about places tnfe&ed.

Cap. n. For reftoring and rebuilding the haven and piers of Bridportj in the county of Dorfit $ and for making a ihttce there.

Cap. i2. Giving further encouragement fbr the importation of naval ft ores; ondforother porpofes therein'mentioned.

Cap. 17, Forthc amending the hi gh way s leading from Brampton^Bridge, near 'Chut eb-Brampton^ m the county of Northampton, through (heparim of Tbordtyj to a bridge called Welfbrd-Bridge, in the pari(h of Wolford in •the faid county; and alfo the great poft-rdad from a place called Mor-tcr-Pit-HM, in the parifh of Pis-ford in the faid ccmnty, through the towns and pariihes of Brixworth, Lamport, Maidwell, Kehnorfa and Oxendeu Magna, to a bridge called Chain-Bridge, leading into Market-Harborough in the county of Lei-cefter.

Cap. 14. For making the river Eden navigable to Bank-End in the epun-ty ot Cumberland.

Cap. *15. For encouragement of the filk manufactures of this kingdom; and* for taking off feveral duties on merchandises exported 5 and for reducing the duties upon beaver fkiHs, pepper, mace, cloves, and nutthegs imported ; and for the importation of all furs of the product of the Bri-tifl> plantations, into * this kingdom orily \ and that the two cor-psWtions Ofoflurance, on any fuits -brought M their pohdos, Ihallbs

liable only to Gngte damages and cofts of fok.

Cap. 16. For taking off the duty upon all fait tried m the curing and making of white herrings, and in-Aead thereof laying a proportion-able duty upon aU white herrings confumed at home only; and for making an allowance for tobacco exported from Scotland, in the time therein mentioned; and for giving Anther relief to the refiners of rock-felt.

Cap. 17. For more equal paying and better colle&ing certain fmafl films therein mentioned,for relief of flip-wrecked maripers, and diflrefied perfons (his Majefty’s fubje&s) in the kingdom of Portugal; and for other pious and charitable purpofes ufually contributed to by the merchants trading to Portugal

Cap. 18. To prevent the dandeftlhe running of goods, and the danger of infetftion thereby; and to pre-* vent (hips breaking their quaren-tine; and to fubjeCt copper ore, of the production of the Britijb plantations, to'fuch regulations, as o-ther enumerated commodities of the like production are fubjeCt.

Cap. 19. For the better recovery of the penalties infttCted upon perfons who deftroy the game.

Cap, 20. For paying off and cancelling one million ot exchequer-bills, and to give eafe to the South-Sea company, in refpeCt of its prefent obligation to circulate or contribute towards drculatingcxchequer-bills| and to give further time to that company for repayment of one million, which was lent to them ; and for ifluing a further film in new exchequer-bills, towards his Ma-jefty’s fupply, to be difeharged and cancelled, when the faid company (hall repay the million, owing by them; ana thatthe exchequer-bills, which are to continue, may be ciiw eulated auily and moderate rates;

Digitized by Gooole

A TABLE of tk STATUTES.

and for appropriating the fupplies granted to his Majefty in this fedion of parliament} and for relief pf the Arfrerers at Nevis and Saint Chrif-tephers,by an invaiion of the French in the late war, and for laying a further duty on apples imported;, and for alcertaining the duties on pictures imported.

Cap. 21. To enable the company to difpofe of the efteds in their hands by way of lottery or fubfcription, or to fell part of their fund or annuity payable at the exchequer, in order to pay the debts of the raid company; and for relief of fuch, who were intended to have the benefit of a late aft touching payment of ten per centum therein mentioned.

Cap. 22. To prevent the mifchiefs by forging powers to transfer fuch flocks, or to receive fuch annuities or dividends as arethereinmention-ed,or.by fraudulently perfonating the true owners thereof; and to rectify the miftakes of the late managers for taking fubfcriptions for increaf-ing the capital ftock of the South-Sea company, and in the inftru-ments founded thereupon.

Cap. 23. For prolonging the times for hearing and determining claims before the truflees, in whom the eftates of the late Soutb~Sea directors, and of John	Aiflabieefiq; and likewife of

James Craggsetq-, deceafed, are vetted } and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 24. For the more effedual fup-prefling of piracy.

Cap. 25. For fupplying fome defeds in the ftatute of the twenty third of King	Henry the eighth, intituled.

An ail for obligations to be taken by two thief jujlices, the mayor of the flaple, and the recorder of London; and for fetting down the time of figning judgments in the principality	of Wales, and counties palatine.

Cap. 26, For better fupplying the city

and liberties of Weftminfteri and parts adjacent, with water.

Cap. 27. For the better preventing a-bufes committed in weighing and packing of butter in thedty ofYork.

Cap. 28. For fupplying the records of the commiuary court of Aberdeen, burnt or loft in the late fire there.

Cap. 29. For preventing delays in the execution or the trail repofed in the governors of the hofpital of King fames, founded in the Charter-Houfe, at the charges of Thomas Sutton efq; for the benefit of the laid hofpital.

Cap. 30. For repairing the highways from the ftones-end at Whitechapel

- church, in the county of Middlefex, to Sheffield, and to the furthertnoffe part of theparilhof	,	lead-

ing to the town of Bpping in the county of EJfen.

Cap. 31. To veft the ground, wharf and key, called Wool-Key, in the parilh of AS Saints	in	the

city of London, with the buildings and warehoufes thereupon, in tru-ftees for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors for ever, fubjed to an a-greement made on his Majefiy’s behalf, with the wardens and afuft-ants of the free-fehool in in the county of Kent.

Private Alts.

Amo 8 Georgii I.

1.	An alt for naturalizing Detelef Fott

de	Thienen, and Mehtftne baronets of

Seboulenburgh.

2.	An ad for naturalizing f unne Col- ' tee du Corel, and others.

3.	An ad for naturalizing Augujle Tebuteau, Jofepb M, and others.

4.	An ad to veft two fourth parts of a fee-farm rent of eighty two pound* eight (hillings and two pence, iflu-ing out of the manor of Kingjwooi in the county of Wilts f of which two fourth parts the lora vifeount Harcourt is &&d in fee) in truftoes,

to

• Digitized by LjOOQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

to the like ufes as a mefliiage and lands called Jobnforis Farm, in the parifhes of Stanton Harcourt and Soutbley, or one of them, in the county of Oxen, were devifed by dame Elizabeth Harcourt, widow, deceafed, and in lieu thereof for vefting the faid premises, called JobnJon's Farm, in the faid lord vifcount Harcourt and his heirs.

5.	An ad to enable the mayor, bur-geffes, and commonalty of the city of Brijioly to build an exchange there for the conveniency of the merchants and traders of that city.

6.	An ad for fale of part of fir Join Wentworth's eftate, towards railing part of the fum of ten thoufand pounds for the purpofes therein mentioned.

7.	An ad for veiling part of the c-ftate of fir Ralph Milbanke> bart. in truftees, to be fold for performing his father’s will, and an agreement made with his brother and fillers.

8.	An ad for uniting and confolidat-ing the parilh-churches of Stypud9 alias Steeple, and Tyneham within the ifle of Purbeck9 in the county of Dorfet.

9.	An ad to enable Elizabeth and Margaret Newton, infants, during their minority (with confentof tru-ftees) to grant and fill up leafes of part of the eftate late of John Newton efq; their father, deceafed.

10.	An ad for vefting the eftate late 6f James Price of Pilleth, in the county of Radnor, efq; deceafed in truftees, to be fold for payment of feveral portions, and legacies charged thereon.

ji. An ad to impower the comm if-fioners and truftees for the forfeited eftates, to give fuch relief to Hugh Wallace of Ingleftoun9 efq; and Hugh Wallace his fon, in relation to their part in an heritable bond and Vol. XIV.

enfeoffment upon the eftate of James late earl of Linlithgow, attainted of high treafon, as they have given to other claimants upon the faid bond.

12.	An ad for naturalizing Samuel Palmer.

13.	An ad for naturalizing Lucas Steinman, Paul Kruger, and Henry Boon.

14.	An ad for naturalizing Chrijlo-pher Scheie.

15.	An ad to explain and amend an ad made in the fecond year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for fale of part of the ejlate of Henry lord vifcount Dillon, in the kingdom of Ireland, and for fettling an equivalent in other part of his eftate on the vif-countefs his wife9 for her jointure; and to make a provifion for Bridget vifeountefs Dillon, wife of Richard, now lord vifcount Dillon.

16.	An ad for inclofing Glaftonbury commons, in the county of So• merfet.

17.	Anadfor vefting in truftees the re-verfion, freehold and inheritance of part of the eftate late of fir William Davie ban. deceafed, (expedant on a term of five hundred years) to be fold for payment of his daughters portions, and legacies.

18.	An ad to enable his Majefty to make fuch provifions, as is therein

* mentioned, for the children of Jqmes Macdonald deceafed, out of the eftate of the late fir Donald Macdonald, their uncle, which was forfeited to his Majefty for high treafon.

19.	An ad for naturalizing Agatha Drummond.

20.	An ad for naturalizing James Girardot, and Paul Amfink.

21.	An ad to naturalize John Blyde• Jityn.

b

The End	of tiT A B LE#

Digitized by L,ooQle

Digitized by Google

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII I.	Magna

Britannia, Francia	, quinto.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Weft- ' minfter the feventeentb day of March, Anno Domini one tboufand /even hundred and in the firjl year of the reign of our	Lord

George, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the &c. and from thence continued by to the eleventh day of November, one tboufand feven hundred and eighteen, being the fourth fejjion of this prefent parliament.	*•

C A P. I.

<in aft for granting to bis Majefty an aid by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one tboufand feven hundred and nineteen.

CXXIII. AND whereas the	fum of one hundred thirty Howthedefi-

lx. tboufand nine hundred fifty eight pounds fix /billings ciency of and twopence, was paid by thetreafurer of his Majefiy’s navy to the >>0,31*1.17*. South Sea company, out of money provided for the fervice of his ^ ‘°rt Majefty'snavy for the year one tboufand feven hundred and eighteen, the treafur-purjuant to aits of parliament in that behalf, for compleating the er of the navy funds of fix hundred and eight tboufand pounds per annum, payable Iball be made to the	faid company,	or the arrearages thereof, until the

fourth day of June one tboufand feven hundred and eighteen ly: and whereas a fum not exceeding twenty nine tboufand fix dredforty five pounds eight Jhillings and nine pence farthing, by an aft of the fourth year of his Majefty's reign, was appropriated for or 4 Geo. 1. c. 3. towards enabling the treafierer of the navy to make good the payments, which in the half year ending on the twenty fourth day of June one tboufand feven hundred and eighteen might be demanded of him, fuant to any former aft or afts of parliament for compleating the faid funds of fix hundred eight tboufand pounds per annum, payable to the faid company; and the faid fum of twenty nine tboufandfix hundred forty five pounds eight	/billings and tune pence farthing, hath

Vo	L.XIV.	B	been

Digitized by

z

Anno quinto Georgii I. C. i.	[171ft

been ijfued to the faid treafurer, and paid or directed to be paid accordingly fo that fo much of the faid deficiency as fill remains to be made good to the treafurer of his Majefiy's navy, doth amount to one hundred ten thoufand three hundred and twelve pounds feventecn Jhillings and four psnee three farthings: and whereas fome doubts have been made in the conjlruftion of certain claufes in an aft of parlia-3 Geo. 1. c. 7. meni of the third year of his Majeftfs reign7 made for the redeeming the then yearly fund of the faid company; by which claufes it was enafted. That in default of Jupplying fuch deficiency in the manner thereby preferibcdy the fame jbould be made good out of the general yearly fund of feveti hundred twenty four thoufand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix Jbillings and ten pence one fifth part of a penny, $Geo. 1. c. 9. by another aft of the third year of Ms Majeftfs reign, eftablijhed or intended to be ejlabhjbed, as by the faid feveral afts (relation being thereunto refpeftively had) may more fully appear: now for obviating all doubts concerning the refunding of the faid fum of one hundred ten'thoufand three hundred and twelve pounds feven-tecn (hillings and four pence three farthings, to the treafurer of his Majefty^s navy, it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the laid deficiency amounting to one hundred ten thoufand three hundred and twelve pounds, feven-teen (hillings, and four pence three farthings, (hall and may be fupplied and made good to the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy, upon account, for the fervice of the navy and victualling thereof, by or out of the general yearly fund of (even hundred twenty four thoufand eight hundred forty nine pounds, fix (hillings and ten pence, one fifth part of a penny before mentioned, or out of money to be xaifed at the exchequer for purchafing ?ui annuity or annuities, after a rate not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, for the faid fum of one hundred ten thoufand three hundred and twelve pounds, feventeen (hillings, and four pence three farthings, and that fuch annuity or annuities (hail he charged on the faid general yearly fund, and be payable and transferable at the bank of England, as other .annuities payable out of the laid general yearly fund are intended by any former aCt or aCU of parliament now in force to be payable and transferable, until the redemption thereof by parliament: and the commifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or ♦	more	of them,' and the high treafurer for the time being, are

hereby dire&cd and authorized to iflue his or their warrants or orders, and to do all other ads and things requifite or neceflary to be done or performed, for making good the faid deficiency, and for regiftiing and payment of fuch annuity or annuities in refpeCt thereof, to the faid treafurer of his Majefty’s nayy, or the treafurer thereof for the time being, accordingly; any former law, (iatute, provifion, or other matter and thing wbatfo-cver to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP.

Digitized by	Le

*7,8-I

3

Ando qulnto Georgii I. c. i.

CAP. II.

An aft for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and ferry, for the fervice of the year one tboufand [even hundred and nineteen \ and for enlarging the time for entring at the Exchequer fucb alignments of reverftonary annuities as are therein mentioned; and for better fecuring the duties cm bides and Jkins, vellum and parchment.

VIII. AND whereat by an aft of parliament made and paffed in 5 W.Sc M* A the fourth year of the reign of King William and <$ueen c. 3.

Mary, of glorious memory, for granting certain rates and duties of excife, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages to fuch as Jbould advance the Jum of one million towards carrying on the then war again]} France ; it was enabled. That it Jbould and might be lawful for any contributor, bis executors, adminijlrators or affigns, by any writing under hand and feal, or by his lajl will in writing, to affgn or dev 'tfe any one or more jhare or Jbares of the fund therein mentioned to any perfon or perfons, and no fuch alignment to be revocable, fo cs an entry or memorandum thereof were made in the office of the auditor of the receipt, within the Jpace of two months after fuch affign-ment or death of the devifor\ aud upon producing fuch affignment or mil, the party was and is to bring an affidavit of the execution thereof to be filed, as is therein fpecified: and whereas in purfuance of an 9 & i0 W. j. aft of parli ment made in the ninth year of his faid late Majejly's c. 24. reign for enlarging the time for purchafing certain eftates or interejls in the annuities therein mentioned, feveral reverftonary tallies were Jlruck, and orders thereupon drawn, for payment of reverftonary annuities , in the name */* Richard then earl of Ranelagh of the kingdom of Ireland, and by him ijfued out to Juch ufes as in and by the faid aft were dire fted; but fome doubt arifing whether the affignment s -tnade by the faid earl on the back of the faid orders were according to the form preferibed by the faid former aft, it was by another aft of n & n W. 3. the eleventh year of his Jaid late Majefif s reign enabled. That all c. 3. lift. and every the faid endorjed affignments then made, or thereafter to be made by the faid late earl, or other perfon or perfons *authorized to make the fame, for conveying the faid tallies and orders to fuch perfons, and to fucb ufes, as in the Jaid recited aft are fpecified, and all other alignments, whether epdorfei or otherwife, made by virtue of and Jubfequent to fuch endorfed affignments, Jbould be good in law, fo as an entry or memorandum of fuch fubfequent affignments be ' made in the find office of the receipt, before the twenty ninth day of September one thoufard feVen hundred, as by the faid feveral afts (1relation being thereunto refpeftively had) may more fully appear t end whereas feveral of the faid tallies which were Jlruck, and the orders thereupon drawn, for payment of fuch reverftonary annuities, as aforefaid, in the name of the faid late earl, ana which were af-figned by him, as aforefaid, have been affigned over by feveral fubfequent affignments, by indorfmg the name of the affignor on the order, or otberwtfei and it is doubted whether fuch fubfequent affignments made on the back of the fame orders (not being entred within the

B 2	time

Digitized by

Google

Anno quinto Georgii 1. c. 2.	[1718.

time limited by the /aid former aft) be good and valid in the law : now to the end that all perfons who now are, or at any time hereafter (hall or may be poflefled of or interefted in any of the (aid tallies and orders, may have and be inverted in a good and lawful title to the fame; it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the faid endorfed alignments, made or to be made in purfuance of and fubfequent to any the faid aflignments of the faid late earl, (whether fuch fubfequent aflignment be or (hall be made by writing the name or names of the refpe&ive aflignor or aflignors on the backfide of the faid orders, or othervvife) (hall be as good and effectual in the law, as if each and every fuch fubfequent aflignment had been executed in every particular in the manner preferibed by the a£k firft above-mentioned, relating to the faid tallies and orders ; and that an entry or memorandum of every fuch fubfequent af-(ignment (touching which no entry or memorandum hath already been made purfuant to the faid former a<rt) (hall and may be made in the faid office of the receipt, fo as an affidavit be produced to the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, that the name or names of the refpe&ive aflignor or af-fignors fet to every fuch fubfequent aflignment fo to be entred, is the proper hand-writing of every fuch aflignor refpe&ively* as the perfon making fuch affidavit or affidavits verily believes, and fo as every fuch fubfequent aflignment (by inaorfing the name, or otherwife) made before the fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, be brought to be entred at the faid office within two months after the faid fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, and io as every fuch fubfequent aflignment to be made after the faid fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, be brought to dc entred in the faid office within two months after making the fame refpe&ively ; any thing in the faid former adts, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithftanding. Commiflioners IX. And for preventing the counterfeiting of any (lamp or on leather^ ^amPs* or which have been or (hall be appointed tp may order ufed, t0 denote the charging of the duties, or of the addi-new (tamps tional duties, which by feveral adts, the one made in the ninth, as occafion and the other in the tenth years of the reign of her late majerty (hall require. Quecn Jnne9 are fet and impofed upon hides and (kins, ana 10	P*cccs	hides	and (kins and upon vellom and parchment, tan-

ned, tawed, drefled or made: be it enabled by the authority a-foreCaid, That the commiflioners which for the time being are or (hall be appointed for the receipt, government and manage^-ment of the (aid duties, or additional duties, arifing m.England or IValeSy or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the major part of them, and alfo the commiflioners which for the time being are or (hall be appointed for the receipt, government and management of the laid duties, or additional duties, arifing in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall refpe&ively have full power and authority, and hereby are refpe&ively impowered and authorized, from time to time, when and fo .often as they reft	fpe&ively

Digitized by k^ooQLe

1718.] Aiindqriirito Georgii I. c. t.	£

fpe6Hvdy (hall fee occafion, to diredl, Caufe and procurcnew (lamps or feals to be made for the marking and (lamping of all fuch hides and (kins, and of pieces of hides and (kins, and of vellom and parchment, as (hall refpe&ively be tanned, tawed, drcfled or • made, either in England or Wales y or town of Berwick upon Tweedy or m that part of Great Britain called Scotlandy and to be made ufe of for the refpedtive purpofes before mentioned, in the lieu and (lead of fuch other (lamps, marks or feals, as before the refpedlive time and times of providing and appointing fuch new ones, (hall refpedlively have been ufed for the purpofes before mentioned; and that fuch new (lamps and feals fo to be provided, as aforefaid^ froqi the refpe<5live time and times when they refpe&ively (hall be fo, as aforefaid, ordered to be ufed for the refpeffcive purpofes aforefaid, (hall refpe&ively be and are hereby declared to be the legal and authentick damps and feals refpeClively, to be made ufe of for the refpe&ive purpofes before mentioned $ and that the counterfeiting or forging Penalty for any (lamp or feal, to refemble any damp or fcal, which in pur- counterfeiting fuance of this a<51 (hall be fo, as aforefaid, directed or ordered*, or the counterfeiting or refembling of the impreflion of any fuch p # damp or damps, feal or feals fo diredled or ordered, as aforefaid, on any hide or (kin, or piece of any hide or (kin, or on any vellom or parchment, whereby to defraud his faid Majedy, his heirs or fucceflors, of any of the duties impofed or charged by the faid a<5ts, or either ot them, or the uttering, vending or felling an^ hide or (kin or any piece of any hide or (kin, or any venom or parchment, with fuch counterfeit mark or impreflion thereupon, knowing fuch mark or impreflion to be counterfeited, (hall render and make the offender and offenders therein fubjedt and liable to the like penalties, forfeitures and pains of death, as is and are mentioned and exprefled in the (aid a<51 made in the feid ninth year of the reign of her faid late majedy Queen 9 Amu c. si.

. Anne.

X. And for the better afeertaining the faid duties, and for preventing the carrying on of frauds between the officers for the (aid duties and the traders and dealers in the manufa<5lures and goods charged with the faid duties; and to the intent that hides and (kins and pieces of hides and (kins, and vellom and parchment, after they have been weighed, and taken an account of by the officers for the faid duties, may again be weighed and taken account of by the fupervifors and furveyors for the faid duties: be it enadlea by the authority aforefaid. That from and after rise tenth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and After 10 Jan. eighteen^ all tanners, tawers and dreflers of hides and pieces of *718, tanners, fcfiet and (kins, and all makers of vellom and parchment, (hall from time to time keep all fuch hides and (kins vand pieces of not (lamp-hides and (kins, vellom and parchment, which have not been ed by the ofn-dtily damped by the officers for the (aid duties, feparate and a- cere feparate, pan from all other hides and (kins and pieces of hides and (kins, vellom and parchment, which have been duly (lamped by the ^forgj officers fot the fiud duties; and (hall alfo from time to time keep 1

B 3	'	all

Digitized by L,ooQle

6	Anno quinto Georgi? I. C, j,

all fuch hides and (kins and pieces of hides and (kins, and vel-loin and parchment, as from time to time (hall have been laft damped by the officers for the faid duties, feparate and apart from ail other hides and fkins and pieces of hides and (kins, vel-lom and parchment, which at any time or times before (hall have been (lamped by the officers for the faid duties, during the refpe&ive times herein after-mentioned, (that is to fay) within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality by the fpace of twenty four hours next after fuch damping thereof by the faid officers; and in other places out of the limits of theUid weekly bills, by the fpace of two days next after fuch (lamping thereof, unlefs the fame (hall reflectively fooner have been weighed and taken account of by the relpe&ive furveyors or fuperyifors Penalty 10I. for the faid duties, on pain to forfeit for every offence therein the fu«n of ten pounds.

CAP. III.

An aft for applying certain overplus monies, and further fums to be raifed, as well by way of a lottery, as by loans% towards paying off and cancelling exchequer bills, and for, leffening the prefent great charge in relation to tbofe bills 3 and for circulating and exchanging far ready money the re-fidue of the fame bills for the future.

Recital of the aft of

3 Geo. 1. c. 8. Farther provi-fans concerning the funds granted by this aft 6 Geo. 1. c. a. 4. 4c toil Geo. 1. c. 9. 13 Geo.i.c.3.

MAY it plcafe your mofi excellent Majejly, Whereas by an aft of parliament of the third year* of your Majejly's reigny in* tituled, An a & for redeeming feveral funds of the governor and company of the bank of England, purfuant to former provifoes of redemption; and for fecuring to them feveral new funds and allowances redeemable by paiiiament; and for obliging them to advance further fums not exceeding two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, at five pounds per centumy as (hall be found neceffary to be employed in lefiening the national debts and incumbrances; and for continuing certain provifions formerly made for the expences of his Majcfty’s civil government; ana for payment of annuities formerly purchafed at the rate of five pounds per centum; and for other purpofes in this a6l mentioned, the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their futceffors, for circulating certain bills, commonly called exchequer bills,; therein mentioned, amounting to two millions Jive hundred fixty one thoufand and'twenty JivA pounds or thereaboutsy in principal money, and for exchanging toe fame for ready money on demand, are entitled to an annuity or yearly jum of feventy fix thoufand eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen /hillings {being an allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, computed upon the faidfum of two millions five hundred fixty one thoufand and twenty five pounds) fub* jeft nqverthelefs to a provifo of redemption in that aft contained, upon fuch notice as is thereby preferibed; which annuity or yearly, allowance is by the fame aft charged upon and made payable out of the monies qrifen or fo^arije at the receipt of the exchequer, of or for certain par+ 2	ticular

Digitized by v^ooQie

7

1718 J	Anno	quinto	GeoRGII	I.	c.	3.

titular duties on houfes9 and of or for feveral other duties and rms meSy called the aggregate fund in that aft9 and in former afts relating to the faid fund more particularly mentioned and deferibed in the order and tour ft, and with fuckpreference as is thereby directed; and by the aft prft above-mentioned it is enabled and declared, That as\ well the faid particular duties on houfis9 and the dutieSy revenues and incomes compofing the faid aggregate fundy and all other duties which were fettled for payment of a former yearly fum of one hutidred and fix thoufand five hundred and one pounds thirteen Jhillings and five pencty and the inter eft and allowances relating to former exchequer bills therein mentiofudy Jhould be continuedy but be difpofable to and for the feveral and refpeftive ufes and purpofes appointed by that aft. andfub-jeft to the feveral provtfoes of redemption therein contained; and that ail the monies of the faid duties, revenues and incomesy which Jhould or ought to be brought into the receipt of the exchequer (except the necef-fary charges for raifingy colleftingy levyingy iffuing, paying and accounting for the fame) Jhould be and are thereby appropriated, and Jbouli be ijfued and applied to and for the payment and Jatisfaftion of feveral yearly and other fums in the faid aft particularly expreffed, tn their due courfe and with fuch preferences as are thereby appointed; amongft which payments an exprtfs provifion is made for payment of the paid annuity or allowance of feventy fix thoufand eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen Jbillings per annum, and for anfwering all demands of inter eft due and to be due upon the faid exchequer bills as is therein mentioned. And by the fame aft it was declared and enaftedy That the exeefs or furphts whichy at the end of every or any quarter of a year (reckoning the quarters to end at the ufual feafl-days) Jhould or might be produced by the faid feveral rateSy dutieSy revenues and incomes thereby appropriatedy and Jhould remain in the exchequer (over and ahorse the money then due or demandable for or upon the feveral annuities, allowances and other paynfgnts therein before-mentioned, or any arrears of fhe fame) Jhould attend the difpofition of parliament, and be applied according to aft or afts of parliament in that behalf \ and not otherwise. And it was thereby declared and enaftedy Tlmt any vote or refpnftion of the houfe of commonsy fignified by the fpeaker of the find houfe in writingy and delivered* at the pubiick office of the faid governor and company, Jhould be deemed and adjudged to be a fnfficient notice within the words and meaning of the faid aft for redeeming the faid annuity or allowance of feventy-fix thoufand eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen /hillings per annum, as by the Jame afty relation being thereunto had (amongjl many other matters and things therein contained) may more fully appear. And whereas Recital of another aft of parliament of the faid third year of your Majefiy s the aft of rtigky intituled\ An a<ft tor redeeming the yearly fund of the 3 i*c. 9. tomb Sea company, being after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum* and fettling on the laid company a yearly fund afar the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; and to raife for an annuity or annuities at five pounds per centum per annum any fum not exceeding two miliums* to be employed ifv lefiening tlje national debts and incumbrances ; fipd k>f waking the find new yearly fund and acuities to b*

64.	berer

Digitized by C.ooQle

*

Anno quinto Georgii L c,j.	[171 (b

hereafter redeemable in tbe time and manner thereby prdcribed,

feveral other fubjidies, impofttions,	revenues	ana	proportioned

parts of duties and revenues therein mentioned,	thereby referred

unto, were continued for the feveral and refpeftive ufes and purpofes in that aft. And it was thereby enafted, That all the monies thereof which Jbould or ought to be brought info the exchequer for thofe pur-pofes (except the necejfary charges of raifing, collecting, levying, ijfuing and accounting for the fame ; and except fuch part thereof, as by any former aft or afts of parliament was applicable to the repayment of loans then Remaining unfatisfied, and to pay the interejl of the fame) Jbould be and are thereby appropriated, and Jhould be ijjiied and applied to and for the payment of the yearly and other fums in tbe Jante aft particularly expreffed, in their due method and order, and fubjeft to Juch redemption as are therebyf prefcribed. And by the fame aft it was provided and enafted. That if at any time at the end of any quarter of a year (reckoning the quarters to end at the ufual feajts) there jhould be an excefs or furplus of the monies brought into the exchequer of the faid fubjidies, impofttions, duties, revenues and proportional parts, and Juch excefs or furplus Jhould remain there, over and above , the money then or before that time grown due, by or in purfuance of that aft, as is therein mentioned, then Juch excefs or furplus Jbotui from time to time attend the difpofttton of parliament, and be applied according to aft or afts of parliament, and not otherwife, as by the aft lajl mentioned (relation being thereunto had) may alfo more fully Recital of the appear. And whereas by another aft of parliament of the faid third aft for re- year of your MajeJlfs reign, intituled. An ad for redeeming the* deeming feve- duties and revenues which were fettled to pay off principal and raMotterics, jntcreft on the orders made forth on four lottery ads pafled in 3 Geo, j. c. 7. t^le ninth and tenth years of her late Majefty’s reign, and for redeeming certain annuities payable on orders out of the hereditary excife, according to a firmer ad in that behalf; and for eftablifhing a general yearly fund, not only for the future payment of annuities at feveral rates, to be payable and transferable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament, but alfo to raife monies for fuch proprietors of the faid orders as fhall chufe to be paid their principal and arrears of intereft in ready money ; and for making good fuch other deficiencies and payments as in this ad are mentioned; and for taking off the duties on linfeed imported, and Britijb linen exported, feveral other cujloms, fubjidies, impofttions, additional impofttions, rates, duties, additional rates and duties, proportional parts of duties, revenues, and weekly and other payments out of duties and revenues therein fpecificd, or thereby referred unto, were continued for the purpofes in that aft: and it was thereby enafted. That yearly and every year, reckoning the Jirjl year to begin from the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel one thoufand feven hundred andfeventeen, and from thenceforth for ever (fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch provifoes and power of redemption as are in that aft contained) the full fum of /even hundred twenty four thoufand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix JhilUngs ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, by or out of the monies arifmg of or for tbe faid cujloms, fubftdics, impofttions, rates,

adds—

Digitized by LjOOQle

9

Vf 18.]	Anno	quinto	Georgii I. c. 3.

additional duties, proportional parts, weekly and other payments by that aft appropriated and direfted to be brought, from time to time, into the exchequer, in cafe the fame Jboiild extend to the faid fum of /even hundred twenty four thoufand eight htfndred forty nine pounds fix /hillings ten pence and one fifth part of a penny, Jhould be computed and reckoned to be a general fund; and in cafe all the monies fo arifing into the exchequer of or for the faid cuftoms, fubfidies, irnpo-Jitions, rates, duties, additional duties, proportional parts, weekly and other payments,	amount	to [even hundred twenty foot

thoufand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix JbiUings ten pence undone fifth part of a penny per annum, then the monies fo arifing, fo far as the fame would extend, Jhould be part of the faid general yearly fund of feven hundred twenty four thoufand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix JbiUings ten pence and one fifth part of a pennyper annum, for and towards the anfwering and paying all the annuities and payments by that aft charged or chargeable thereupon 3 and in cafe all the monies by that aft appointed or appropriated, as aforefaid, Jhould at any time or times appear to be fo deficient or low in the produce of the fame, as that within any one year to be reckoned, as aforefaid, the faid monies fo arifing in the exchequer, of or for all the faid eujloms, fubfidies, impojhions, rates, duties, additional duties, proportional parts, weekly and other payments, Jhould not amount to fo much as /even hundred twenty four thoufand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix JbiUings ten pence and one fifth part of a penny, that then and fo often, and in every fuch caje, fo much as Jhould be wanting to make wp the faid general fund or fum of feven hundred twenty four thou-fond eight hundred forty nine pounds fix /billings ten pence and one fifth part of a penny, for every or any fuch year, Jhould be fupplied and made good, from time to time, by or out of the firft aid or fupply to be granted in parliament next after fuch deficiency Jhould appear, and Jhould from time to time be transferred thereunto, as foon as the fame Jhould be granted: and it was thereby enafted. That the excefs or plus, which at the end of every or any quarter of a year (reckoning the quarters to end at the four moft ufual feajl days) Jhould or might he produced by the cufioms, fubfidies, impofitions, additional and other duties, proportional parti of duties, and by the find weekly and other payments, by that aft appropriated or charged to make good the faid general yearly fund of feven hundred twenty four thoufand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix /hillings ten pence and one fifth part of a penny, over and above fo much as Jhall be fufficient to make good the fame\ and fo much of the faid general yearly fund as at the end of any quarter of a year Jhall remain in the receipt of the exchequer, over and above all the monies then due or payable, to difcharge the fe-veral annuities and other payments by that aft direfted to be fatisfied out of the fame, and all arrears thereof (if any fuch were) Jhould MkewiJe from time to time attend the difpofition of parliament and be applied according to aft or afts of parliament, and not otherwife.

And by the aft Sift recited, it was further declared and enafted, That 3 Geo. 1. e. 7. all the monies to arife from time to time, as well of or for the excefs or Jurphis by virtue of the faid aft made for redeeming the funds of the governor and company of the bank of England, and of or for

the

Digitized by

Google

io	Anno quinta Giorgii I. c.j.	[171JL*

the /aid excefs or furplus by virtue of the /aid aft mads for redeeming the funds of the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts ^ America, and for encouraging the fijhery; as alfo of and for the faid excefs or furplus of the faid duties and revenues by the faid other aft of the third year of your Majejlfs reign, appropriated to make good the faid ' general yearly fund as afarefaid, and the overplus monies of the fame general yearly fund thereby ejlablijhtd, or intended to be ejiabltjhed as of or efaid, Jhould be appropriated, referved and employed 10 and for the ' aifeharging the principal and interejl of fucb national debts and incumbrances as were contracted before the twenty fifth day of December one tboufand jeven hundred and fixteen, and were declared to bt national debts> and were provided far by, afts of parliament, in Jiub manner and farm, as Jhould be direfted or appointed by any future a ft or afts of parliament to be dfcharged therewith or out of the fame* and to and for none other uje, intent or purpofe whatfoever, as by the aft Iqfi before recited (relation being thereunto had) may likewife more fully appear. And whereas the faid fum, not exceeding two millions S Geo. 1. c. 8 .five hundred tboufand pounds, in the faid firfi recited aft mentioned* or any part thereof was not advanced by the faid governor and com* pony of the bank of England, or called for or required by the com- ’ miffioners of your Majejlfs treafury, fo that the faid duties, revenues ’ and incomes, called the aggregate fund, are not charged or chargeable with any annuity or other payment whatfoever in refpeft of the fame+ by the faid firjl recited aft or otherwift howfoever; and the faid fum, not exceeding two millions, mentioned in the faid aft relating to the j Geo. 1. c. 9. South Sea company, or any part thereof, was not advanced by that company, or coiled for or required by the cqmmijfioners ofyour Maje-ftfs treafury, fo tnat the faid duties, revenues and incomes, empre-bended in the fund of that company, are not charged or chargeable with any annuity or other payment whatfoever in refpeft of the fame, by virtue of the feud aft relating to that company or otberwife bowfaever. And whereas we your Majejlys faid dutiful and loyal fubjefts the commons of Great Britain m parliament ajfmbled (purfuant to the claufes contained in the aft firfi above recited) did on the tenth day of March in the year of our Lord one tboufand feven hundred and /even-teen refolve. That notice Jhould be given to toe faid governor and company of the bank of England, That the houfa of commons would at Lady-day one tboufand feven hundred and nineteen redeem the faid annuity of feventy fix tboufand eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen, Jhiltings, and ordered the fpeaker of the faid houfa, on or before Lady-day one tboufand feven hundred and eighteen, tofignify the faid refolutum in writing to the faid governor and company, which was ftgmfied accordingly. And whereas by computation as many of the feud, exchequer bills as do amount to the faid fum of two millions five hundred fixty one tboufand twenty five pounds m principal money, made forth by the faid former afts of parliament, do on the fourteenth day of January one tboufand feven hundred and eighteen remain undischarged and uneancelled, and the Jrefant cofl and expence to the pubiick for circulating and exchanging the Jame doth, by the faid allowance of threepwfc per geitfum per gonyp, and by the feid growing interefa

'	'	9f

Digitized by Google

II

17*8^ Awio-qUhto Gi<®OH J. c.j.

tf one penny pet centum per d iem, amount in the whole to one bun* dred and fifteen thousand /even hundred feventy nine pounds thirteen /hillings and /our pence per annum, or thereabouts, except fo muck thereof as is javed and may be abatejfcr bills, from time to time, in the exchequer or in the bands of reenters or collegers of any taxesf aids or revenues payable to your Majejiy; and it being apparently juji and neceffary with regard to the publish, that the faidprefent eejl and expense, and the faid national debts and incumbrances be lefjintdas far & conveniently may be, We your Majejiy s faid dutiful and loyal jub* jsfls, for that end and purpofe have refobued* Thai the furpltis monies herein after particularly dire fled and appointed, and a further fum not exceeding five hundred thoufand poinds, to be roifedby way of a lottery, ami another further fum, not exceeding five hundred and twenty thoufand pounds, to be raiftd by way of, loan, bo applied towards paying off the principal and intereft borne upon the faid bills, and for conceding the bills whereof the principal and- inter eft Jhall be fo paid off; and that fo many of the faid exchequer bids as /boll remain undifcharged apa uncanctiled by or with the money Jo. to be applied, Jhall be circulated and exchanged in the manner hereafter in Ms afl appointed in that behalf: now we your Majerty’s /aid dutiful and loyal fubje&s the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, for the better and effectual accoin*-piiftiment of their defires and intentions in the premises, and /hat your Majefty and your fubje&s may be ea&d of the burden of the find national debts and incumbrances as faft as is confident with honour and juftice, do molt. humbly pray your Majefty, That it may be enabled; and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, ih this prefent parliament affembled, and by authority of the fame.

That the fum of one hundred ninety fix thoufand four hundred The feveral forty four pounds eighteen (hillings three pence half penny, m°n»cs which remained in the exchequer at Michaelmas one thoufand gate fur^&c. feven hundred and eighteen for the overplus of the faid parti- to be applied cular dudes on houfes and other duties and revenues compre- towards re-bended in the (aid fund, commonly called the aggregate fund, ^"ue^lSSs appointed to be referved for difpofition of parliament as afore- c cc*ucr 8* faid, being over and above the excefs of the civil lift fund for three years, ended at the fame feaft day \ and that all the overplus monies of the civil lift fund for three years ended at Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, which overplus is alfo appointed to be referved for difpofition of parliament as aforefaid; and the fum of nineteen thoufand five hundred feventy feven pounds and ten (hillings, which remained in the eachequer at Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, for the furplus or overplus of the fund, commonly called the fond of the South Sea company, appointed to be neforved for dif* pofition of parliament as aforelaid ; and the fum of one hundred pinery thoufand four hundred thirty fix pounds fifteen (hillings e-Jcvcn pence and nine twentieth parts of a penny, beingthe excefs ]pr furplus for the year ended at Michaelmas one thoufead feven

hundred

Digitized by

Google

12

Anno qulnto Georgii I. c. 3.	[171$.

hundred and eighteen, upon the yearly fund of feven hundred twenty four thoufand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix (hillings ten pence and one fifth part of a penny, commonly called the general fund, likewife appointed, as aforefaid, to be referred for the difpofition of parliament (over and above the fum of one hundred and thirty thoufand pounds, which is hereafter in and by this aft direfted to be referred towards making good the half yearly payment on the annuities charged on the (aid general fond for the half year ending at Cbrifimas one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen) and all the excefs or overplus monies, which within and for the half year to end at Lady-day one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, (hall arife upon the feve-ral rates, duties, revenues and incomes, commonly called the aggregate fund, the South Sea company’s fund, and the general fond before mentioned, every or any of them, which by the 1 Geo 1. c o. ^ a<^s of the third year of his Majefty’s reign, were feverally 3 Geo. 1. c. 7. referved and intended to be referred, for difpofition of parliament, (hall by force and virtue of this aft, be applied (fofaras the monies or all the faid feveral furplufles, excefles or over-

I>lufles will extend) towards redeeming the faid annuity or al-owance of feventy fix thoufand eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen (hillings per annum, and to and for the fatisfying and dif-charging fo much as the fame will extend to fatisfy and difcharge of the principal monies contained in the faid exchequer bills, and the intereft due or to be due upon the fame, according to the direftion and true meaning of this aft herein after fpecified.

Money (hall be iflued for payment of the halfyearly annuities charged on the general fund. Money to be iiTued to (atisty the annuities lor one quarter, to end at Lady-day 17x9. Afterwards thofe annuities to be paid naif yearly. Treafury at Lady-day 1719, to caufe all the furplufles for that naif year to be computed. After Lady-day 1719. 100001. yearly to be the fund for anfwering the annuities of 4.L per centum, to the contri-butors in this lottery. Till redemption by parliament. Any perfons may be contributors. Times of payment. Fortunate tickets to be printed. Forging or counterfeiting tickets felony. Managers to enter fortunate tickets in a book, and tranfmit it into the exchequer5 and a duplicate to the cafhier of the bank, &c. Perfons named in the faid bode entitled to an annuity of 4.1. per centum, for their refpeftive principal furas, payable half yearly. Firft payment at Mich. 1719. Guardians may contribute for infants. Annuities tax free. Redeemed 13 Geo. 1. c. 3.

3	Geo. i. c. t. XXII. And to the end all the annual and other payments, which by the faid firft recited aft were charged upon the faid duties, revenues and incomes, called the aggregate fund (other than and except fuch payments, as from and after Lady-day one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen might incur for or upon the faid allowance of feventy fix thoufand eight hundred and thirty pound fifteen (hillings per annum, hereby intended to be redeemed, and other than and except foch other fums of money ' and payments as arc already fatisfied and difeharged, or are by this aft intended to be reduced or faved to the pubiick) may, together with the faid yearly fund, not exceeding twenty thou-- (and pounds per annum, be well and fufficiently fecured* and

may

Digitized by

Google

*3

1718.]	Anno	quinto	Georgii	I.	c.	3I

may refpedtively obtain their due courfe of payment, with fuch preferences as by the faid former adt, and this prcfent adt, are appointed in tlut behalf 5 it is hereby further enadted and declared by the authbrity aforefaid, That all the faid particular The duties of duties dn houfes, and all the faid other rates, duties, revenues the aggregate and incomes, which by the faid firft recited adt of the third year huidcontinu-of his Majefty’s reign were fettled for anfwering the refpeckive	8.

payments therein mentioned (all which are by thi^ adt deno- 3 minated to be the aggregate fund, as aforefaid) and every of them, are and (hall be continued, and be paid and payable tQ his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors for ever, and (hall be raifed, levied, colledted and brought into the exchequer of England, by and according to fuch rules, methods and diredtions, and witn fuch drawbacks, repayments and allowances, and under fuch penalties, forfeitures and difabilities, as are prefcribed in and by the refpedtiye adt and ads of parliament now in force, or any articles, daufes, matters or things therein contained, or thereby referred unto, for railing, levying or bringing in the fame, as fully and effectually as if the fame adts, articles, daufes, matters and things, and every of them, were repeated and re-enadted in the body of this prefent adt; nevertheless all the monies arifipg thereby into the faid receipt of exchequer, from and after the feaft of the annunciation of the bleflea Virgin Mary one thoufand (even hundred and nineteen, and all the monies then remaining in the faid receipt, of the fame rates, duties, revenues and incomes, (hall be difpofeable to and for the feveral and refpedtive ufes and purpofes by this or the faid firft recited adt appointed or intended (other than and except, as aforefaid) and (ubjedt to the feveral provifoes of redemption herein con- Redeemable tained; any former law, ftatute, provifion, reftridtion, claufe byParlumcnt# or claufes, matters or things whatfoever to the contrary not-withftanding.

All the monies to beentred in a book. The aggregate fund appropriated. Penalty on officers mifapplying the monies. How the monies (hail be if-fued and applied to the bank, See. 110,0001. for his Majefty during life. Provifo for the deficiencies of 116,5711. is s. Deficiencies to be made good by parliament. The annuities of 88,7511.7 s. and tod. half penny, and xoofoool. per annum payable to the bank, redeemable, pnnx months notice to the bank, ana repayment, annuities to ceaie. After redemption of the feveral annuities, aggregate fund to be redeemed. Sea 13 Geo. 1. c. 3. fed*. 1. Till the lottery annuities are redeemed, bank to employ a chief' caihier and accountant general. This annuity a perfonal eftate. The principal monies of thefe annuities to be deemed a capital ftock, and aflignable. No ftarap duty on transfers, No fee for paying thefe annuities. The powers of 3 Geo. 1. c. 8. continued. The fur-plufiss of the aggregate fund, See. made liable to fatisfy the loans hereafter mentioned/ Further loan for difeharging exchequer bills. Tret-fury every quarter to enter in a book a juft account of the feveral furpluftes for the preceding quarters. Another book for entry of orders of loan. 5*0.000 L may be advanced at 51. per centum. Money lent tax-free. Taffies of loan to be ft ruck. See. No fee for regiftring, or undue preference. Tallies dated the fame day, no undue preference. Ordera affign-able. All the monies of the feveral funds arifen before 15 March 1719. tp be applied towards paying off and cancelling exchequer bills. Notice to be affixed on the royal exchange, and publiibed in the London Gazette, of

the

Digitized by t^ooQle

\\	- Anno quinto Georgii I. c. f4	£171#;

the time. On oath before a baron of the Exchequer, of bills being loft* See, Treafury to pay the fame. After *5 March 1719. the annuity after the rate of 3 1. per centum, dial! ceafe, and the bank not obliged to circulate exchequer bills. The refidue of the bills to be circulated by fuchr perfbm as the treafury (hall appoint. Treafury tb allow a fadary for the lame. Treafury to contra# with perfons for circulating. Treafury to take fubferiptions from fuch perfons at will advance money for circulating exchequer bills. Contra# to be in writing, and regiftrea in the auditor of the receipts and clerk of the pells offices. No /tamps on fbch contra#*. Such perfons not difabled from being members of parliament.. Perfons circulating the bills, and contradors, to keep an office in London or Weftminfter, Refuting to exchange the bills for ready money may be fued, Sec. Treafury to iflue out money for difeharging exchequer bills* See. Exchequer bills to be current in the revenue, See. Receivers and collectors to give ready money for exchequer bills, Sec. Exchequer bills jwid or lent into the exchequer; officers to caufe tallies to be levied tor the fame. Receivers to allow the intereft on exchequer bills. No intereft on bills in receivers hands or in the exchequer. How it (hall be known, how long time the bills have been in receivers hands, See. Such bills may be re-iflued. Bills to be re-iffued for the principal money only. Tellers to be re-imburfed the intereft they pay on exchequer bills. Receivers of taxes to keep books for entry. Exchequer bills filled up by mdorfemenrs* new bills to be iflued in lieu of them. Forging fuch bills, felony. No intereft to be paid to any lefler fum than one penny. Treafury to iflue bill* for large fums not exceeding 50001, each. Treafury to allow falaries to perfons for circulating, Sec. Exp. 13 Geo. 1. c. 3.

The overplus LXVL Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaded and declared money at the by the authority aforefaid, That all the monies, which at the end of every 0f CVery or any quarter of a year (hall or may be produced referved^r* ^or the refpedive furplufles, exceues, or overplus monies of the difeharging faid feveral funds, commonly called the aggregate fund, and the national debts fund of the South Sea company, and of the laid duties and re-before *5 Dec. venues charged with the faid general yearly fund of feven hun-■****•	dred twenty four thoufand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix

(hillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny, as alfo the excefs or overplus of the fame general yearly fund, when and as often as any fuch furplufles, excefles or overplus monies (hall be over and above the monies at the end of every fuch quarter refpedively due or demandable, to be firft paid or referred for payment out of the fame, by virtue of this and the faid recited ads, or any of them) (hall be appropriated, referred and applied, to and for the further difeharging the principal and intereft of fuch national debts and incumbrances as were incurred before the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, and are declared to be national debts, and were provided for by ad or ads of parliament, in fuch manner and form as (hall be direded or appointed by any future ad or ads of parliament to be difeharged therewith, or out of the fame, and to or for none other ufc, intent or pufpofe whatfo-cver.

If provition be made by parliament in lawful coin to pay off principal and intereft on exchequer bills, then fuch bills to be cancelled, Sec. If the fum of 500,000 1. be not lent by 1 May 1719. then fo much of the fur-pluifo to be applied towards cancelling exchequer bills. EXP.	%

CAP.

Digitized by Google

?7^-l	Anno	qirinto	Georgii	I.	5.	15

CAP. IV.

An aft far ftrengtbning the proteftant infereft in tbefe kingdoms.

HERE AS an aft of parliament was made in the tenth year I0 Ann. c. 1. V ▼. of the reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled* An a ft for preferving the proteftant religion, by better fecuring the church of England* as by law eftabhftied; and for confirming the toleration granted to proteftant diffenters by an aft, intituled. An aft for exempting their Majejlies proteftant Jubjefts* dijfenting from the church of England, from the penalties of certain laws* and for fup-plying the defers thereof; and for the further fecuring the proteftant fucceffion, by requiring the prafticers of the law in North Britain to take the oaths, and fublcribe the declaration therein mentioned : and whereas part of the faid aft* as alfo another aft herein after mentioned* have been found to be inconvenient; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conferu of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in parliament artembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid recited aft parted in the Part of theaft tenth year of the late Queen Anne* from the beginning thereof10 .AUn*rCu*V to thefe words, And it is hereby further enafted and declared by the ^ 0f Ann! authority aforefaid* Thai the toleration granted to proteftant dijfenters* flat. 1. c. 7. and alfo one aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of the late repealed. Queen Anne* intituled. An aft to prevent the growth of fchifm* and for the further fecurity of the churches ^England	Ireland,

as by law eftablijbed* ihall be and are hereby repealed, annulled and made void.

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority afore- Mayor,&c.re-faid. That if any mayor, bailiff or other raagiftrate, in that part iorting to any of Great Britain calledEngland* the dominion of Wales* or the conventicle town of Berwick uponfTweed* or the ifles of Jerfey or Guernfey* Ju^ofV^of-fhall knowingly or wilfully refort to, or be prefent at any pub- fice,difabled lick meeting for religious worlhip other than of the church of to hold any England as by law eftablifhcd, in the gown or other peculiar ha- publickoffice. bit, or attended with the enfign or enfigns of or belonging to fuch his office, that every fuch mayor, bailiff or other magi-ftrate, being thereof convifted by due courfe of law, (hall be difabled to liold fuch office or offices, employment or employments, and (hall be adjudged incapable to bear any publick office or employment whatfoever within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales* and town of Berwick upon Tweed* pr ifles of ferfey and Guernfey.

CAP. V.

An aft for puai&ing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP.

Digitized by L^ooQle

[i7ifc

16	Anno quinto Georgii I. c. 6$

CAP. VI.

An all for quieting and eftalUJbing corporations.

>3Car.i.	TX7HEREAS by alt	made in	the thirteenth year of King

ftat. %. 1.1.	VV Charles the Second,	intituled,	An aft for the well govern^

ing and regulating of corporations, it is, amongjl other things enabled yThat every perfon or per Jons, who from and after the expiration of the commiffxons in the faid alt mentioned, Jhould be placed, tleliei or chojen, in or to any the offices or places of mayors,* recorders, bailiffs, town clerks, common council men, or to any office or offices of ma-gijlracy, or places or trujis, or other imployment relating to or concerning the government of cities, corporations and boroughs, and cinque-ports and their members, and other port towns, Jhould at the fame time when the oath for the due execution of the faid places and offices refpeliively Jhould be adminijlred, take the following oath, viz.

The oath in the recited aft

I A B. do declare and believe, That it is not lawful, upon any pretence whatfoever, to take arms againft the King; and that I do abhor that traiterous pofition of taking arms by his authority againft his perfon, or againft thofe that are com-iriiffioned by him.

So help me God.

And fubferibe the following declaration, viz.

The declaration.

I A. B. do declare. That I hold that there lies no obligation upon me, or any other perfon, from the oath commonly called, The folemn league and covenant; and that the fame was in itfelf an Unlawful oath, and impofed upon the fubjefts of this realm againft the known laws and liberties of this kingdom.,

And that in default thereof every fuch placing, eleliion and choice Jhould be void; and whereas the taking the faid oath, and fubferibing the faid declaration, have for feveral years laft paft been generally omitted, and quejlions have of late arifen, IVhether the faid ftalute i3 Car. i. made in the faid thirteenth year of King Charles the Second, as to flat. 2. c. i. the fog oath and declaration, be yet in force: therefore for avoid-* ing of all fuch queftions for the future, and for the eftablifh-ing the peace and quiet of corporations, be it declared and enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Members of fatne. That all and every member and members of any corpo-are^'nfirrned rz^on w»thin this kingdom, and all and every perfon arid per-in their offices, fons that were required bv the faid above recited aft to take the though thev faid oath, or fubferibe tne faid declaration, (hall be and are have not taken hereby: confirmed in their feveral and refpeftive offices amt and	P*aces? notwithftanding their omiftion to take the faid oath, or

tion.	fubferibe the faid declaration, and (hall be indemnified, freed

Andindemni- and difeharged of and from all incapacities, difablities, forfeited, Scc. tures £nd penalties arifing from fuch omiftion, and none of their afts fhail be queftioned or avoided for or by reafonof the lame;

but

ijri&J- Aimo quinto Gboroii I. c.6,	'y j	:

but thatall fuch afts (hall be and are hereby declared and enafted to be as good and efftftual, as if all and every fuch per-fon and perfons had taken the faid oath, and fubfcribed the (aid declaration, according to the direction of the faid aft.

II.	And be it alio further enafted by the authority aforefaid,	^

That fo much pf the faid ftatute as requires the taking of the as requires faid oath, and fubfcribing the faid declaration, (hall be and is the talcing hereby repealed; and that neither the (aid oath or declaration th« faid oath, ' (hall be required for the future.	&c*	rcp**!®^	J

III.	And whereas by the faid recited aft made in the thirteenth j 3 Car. a. Hat. year of King Charles the Second, it is enafted, That no perfon or%* c. i. perfons JhaU be placed, elefted, or cbofen, in or to any of the offices

or placts relating to or concerning the government of any city, corpora-

tion, borough, cinque-port and their memberS, and other port-towns,

or any other offices in the faid recited aft mentioned or exprejfed,

that Ihall not have, within one year next before fuch eleftion or choice,

taken the facrament of the Lords fupper, according to the rites of

the church ^England, and that in default thereof every filch placing,

eleftion and choice, /ball be void; be it further enafted by the au-Members of *

thorlty afordaid, That all and every the now member and mem- corporations,

bers of anvcoroofation within this kingdom, and all and every ^jtted°to *** i

perfon and pemns now in aftual pofleflion of any office, that the fscra-

were required by the faid above recited aft to take the facrament ment, as en-

of the Lord’s (upper according to the rites of the church of j&jned by the

England within one year next before his eleftion or choice into	2?^

fuch office, (hall be and are hereby confirmed in their feveral^tinucin*

and refpeftive offices and places, notwithftanding their omiffion offices, and be

to take the facrament of the Lord’s fupper as aforefaid, and freed from ail

(hall be indemnified, freed and difcharged, of and from all

capacities, difabilities, forfeitures and penalties arifing from fuch fr^Uulk?

omiffion; and that none of their afts, nor the afts not yfetjomiffton.

avoided, of any who have been members of any corporation,'

or in aftual pofleflion of fuch offices, (hallvbe quellioned or at

voided for or by rcafon of fuch omiffion j but that all fuch aft*:

(hall be ao4are hereby declared and enafted to be as good and effeft^ial as if all, and every fuch perfon and perfons had taken the. ^wwent of the Lord’s fupper in manner as aforefaid > nor >

(hall any perfon or perfons, who (hall be hereafter placed, elefted or chofen, in or to any the offices aforefaid, be removed by the corporation, or otherwife profecuted for or by reafon of fuch	>

omiffion * nor (ball any incapacity, disability, forfeiture or pe~	*

rally, be incurred by rcafon of the fame, unlefs fuch perion be fo removed, or fuch profecution be commenced, within (up months after fuch perfon’s being placed or elefted into his re-/.

(jpt&ive office, as aforefaid, and that in cafe of a prol^cutkflU the ham he carried on without wilful delay.;

vw.. xiv. . ;; c	*	cap.;

Digitized by L.oogle

ti7i8i

Anno quinto Georoii I. c. 7,9*

CAP. VII.

An aft for continuing an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majejly Queen Anne, intituledy An aft for encouraging the tobacco trade.

n Aan.ftat.2* Cn 5#

t

The recited (hall be continued as long as the duties on tobacco continue.

WH E R E A S a n aft was made in tie twelfth year of the reign of her late majefly ghteen Anne, intituled, An a<5t for the encouraging the tobacco trade, to co?itinue for the fpace of five ye or S-) to commence from the firjl day of June one thoufand Jeven hundred and fourteen, and from thence to the end of the then next feffm of parliament, which aft is near expiring: and whereas the Jaid aft hath been found to be very beneficial to the faii trade, and of good ufe for the purpofes thereby defigned: be it therefore enaefted by the King’s moft: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefeot parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid recited acl made in the twelfth year of her faid late Majefty’s reign concerning tobacco, and all and every the rules, directions, powers, penalties, difeounts, allowances, claufes, matters and things therein contained, (hall by virtue of this act be continued, and be in full force, during fuch time as the refpcctive duties on tobacco (hall refpectively continue; any law, ftatute, matter or thing to the contrary not-withftanding.

C A P. VIII.

An aft for the more effeftual relief of fuch wives and chit-;	dren,	as	are	left by their bufbands and parents') upon the

charge of the parifh.

WHEREAS divers perfons run or go away from their places of abode into other counties or places, and fometimes out of the kingdom, fome men leaving their wives, a child or children, and fome mothers run or go away, leaving a child or children, upon the charge of the parijh or place where fuch child or children was or were born, or laft legally fettled, although fuch perfons have fome efiatesy which Jbould cafe the parijh of their charge, in whole or in part: may it pleafe your Majefty therefore that it may be enacted* Church war- ana be it* enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by dens, &c. may and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem-by warrant p0ral and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and ces^feTze^the* ky the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful goods, Scc. of for the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of fuch parifh bufbands and or place where any fuch wife, or child or children (hall be fo parents, who jcft^ Upon application,to, and by warrant ororder from any twa wives	juftices	of	the	peace,	to	take and feize fo much of the goods and

children upon chattels, and receive fo much of the annual rents and profits of the parifli. the lands and tenements of fuch hulband, father or mother, as fuch two juftices of the peace, as aforefaid, fhall order or direct, for or towards the difeharge of the parifh or place where 6	fuch

Digitized by L^ooQle

1718.]	Anno	qulnto	GeoRGII t. C.	0.i§

fuch wife, child or children are left, for the bringing up and providing for fuch wife, child or children; which warrant or Su®|* warrant order being confirmed at the next quarter feifions, it lhall be Iawful for the juftices of fuch quarter feifions to make an order feffiont; who for the churchwardens or overfeers for the poor of fuch parilh mj make u or place, to difpofe of fuch goods and chattels by fale, or other- order for hie, wile, or fo much of them, for the purpofes aforefaid, as the Sc* court lhall think fit, and to receive the rents and profits, or fo much of them as lhall be ordered by the feifions, as aforefaid, of his or her lands and tenements, for the purpofes aforefaid.

II.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the Churehwar-fcburch warden s and overfeers aforelaid lhall be accountable to	*°

the juftices at the quarter feifions for all fuch money as they, or j^i^tojuSicca any of them, (hall receive by virtue of this ad.	in f.flium.

CAP. IX.

An	aB for continuing certain duties upon coals and , and

for	eftabli/hing certain funds to raife , as well

proceed in the building of new ch, as alfo to com-pleat the fupply granted to bis Majefty; and to referve the overplus monies of the faid duties for the difpofit'ton of parliament•,	and for more effectual	private

lotteries. .

MOST	gracious	Sovereign, Whereas parliament 9 Ann. c. 11.

made and paflid in the ninth year of her late	reign,	10 Ann. c. it.

intituled* An ad for granting to her Majefty feveral duties upon 1G*0, '• opals, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of • London and Wefiminfier, and fuburbs thereof, and other purpofes ftat.s.c.8.V. "f. therein mentioned, it was enabled. That for all forts ofcoals and	,	are

which from and after the fourteenth day of May one	[even

bundredandfixteen,and before the nine ana twentieth day s/Septem-	tbisesFb*

ber one thoufand feven hundred and twenty	be	$	Geo. 1. c.19.

■and brought into. the port of the city of London, or the river of <• 4*> & •Thames within the liberty of the fasd city, upon the fame river, «3Seo-I>Ci*«* there/bo	add be paid to her Majefty ber heirs and fuccejfors by way1	*’

of mpefitionthereupon (over and befides other impofttions and duties) according to the rates therein after mentioned, that is to fay, from and after the -faid fourteenth day of May one hundred and fixtien, and before the nine and twentieth day »/Sep-tember one thoufand feven hundred andfor all fuch	tf

ttati and culm as 'fire ufually fold by the	for	every

thereof, containing thirty fix bujbtis Winchefter meafurt, the .

gf two/hillings5 and for futh fort of coals as are fold by the tun, for ovary tins thereof, containing twenty hundred weight, the fum of two	Ihillings", and from and after the eight and twentieth day of

September one thoufand feven Hundred and fixteen, and before the	/■

eight and twentieth day. of September one thoufand /even hundred and twenty four, there Jbould be paid for every fuch faid chalder of coals and mint and tun if tools, the fum of	;	and	that,

fill the monies which Jbould he	raffed by virtue of. thatvti (the

C 2

Digitized by

Google

*o	Anno	cjuinto	GeoAGH	I.	€. 9*

4effary charges of raifing, managing and accounting for the fame excepted) Jhould be brought into the receipt of the exchequer, and Jhould be- appropriated and difpofed for the building of fifty new churches of Jlone, and other proper materials, with towers or Jleeples to each of them, and for purchafing fcites of churches and church-yards, and burying-places, in or near the cities of Londoii '	and Weftminfter, or the fuburbs thereof and for making fuck

chapels churches as were already built, and capable thereof \ parijt* churches; and for purchafing houfies for the habitations of the mini-filers of the faid churches $ and jor applying thefium of four thoufand pounas per annum out of the Jaid duties and, impositions towards the repairing and fiinijbtng the collegiate church of Saint Peter, Weftminfter, ana the chapels of the fame-, and alfi for applying ,	the fiim of fix thoufand pounds per annum out of the faid duties and

\............impofetions	arifing by that aft, towards the finijhing Greenwich

Hofpital, and the chapel thereunto belonging; and to and for none •other ufi, intent or purpofe whatfoever: and it was thereby declared and enabled. That there Jhould be trebled and built of Jlone, and other materials, fifty churches, with towers or Jleeples to each of themy whereof^ one Jhould be erebled in the parifio of Eaft-Greenwich in lo Ann. c. it. the county of Kent. And whereas in the tenth year of her jaid late Majejly s reign, another abl was made and paffed in parliament for enlarging the time given to the commijjioners appointed by her Majeflt, purfuant to the faid former abl for granting the faid duties for building the faid new churches, ana other purpofes therein mentioned, and . .' -	'for giving to the faid commifijioners further powers for better effecting

the fame, and Jor appointing monies for rebuilding the party) chorea of St. Mary Woolnoth in the faid city of London. And whereas 1 Geo. 1. ftat. by an abl ofparliament made and paffed in the firjl year of your Ma-a. c. *3.	jiff s reign, intituled. An aft for making provifion for the mini*

fters of the fifty new churches which are to be built in and about the cities of London and IVeJlminJler, and fuburbs thereof, and for rebuilding and finWhing the parilh church of St. Mary W00U noth in the faid,city of London, it was enabled, 1 hat for allfibres of coals and tulm, which from and after the twentySeventh day of September one thoufand feven hundred and twenty four, and before the twenty eighth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, Jhall be imported and brought into the port of the city of* London, or the river of Thames, within the liberty of the Jaid city upon the fame river, there Jhould be paid to 'bis Majejly, bit., heirs and fuccefifors, byway of impofition. thereupon (over and befides ell other impofitions and duties, according to the rates therein after mentioned, that is to fay) for all fucb forts of coals and culm as are ufually fold by the chalder, for every ckalder thereof, containing thirty fix bujhels Winchefter miafure, the fum of three Shillings % and for fuch fort of coals as are fold by the tun, for every tun thereof, containing .twenty hundred weight, the funi of three Shillings; and tltat all the monies which Jhould be raifed by virtue of that abf (the neceffary charges of raifing, managing, and accoutring for the fame, excepted) Jhould be brought into the receipt of exchequer, and Jhould be appropriated for and towards the providing due maintenances for the tpinifien to Wend the ferviee of God in the faid new churches 5

and'

Digitized by

171$.]	Anno	quinto	GeoRGII	I.	c.	9.	2%

and Jhouli for that purpofe be ijfued, applied and difpofedin fitch

manner as Jhotild thereafter be dire fled by parliament: and it was

thereby enafted, That thelaid parijb church of St. Mary Woolnoth,

and the tower thereof Jboiild be rebuilt ana finijhed out of the duties

granted by the faid recited aft of the ninth year of her faid late Ma- * Ann*c* al*

jeftys reign; and that the monies to be imployed for that purpofe,

Jhotdd be replaced and made good out of and by the monies applicable by virtue of the faid ail of the tenth year of her faid late Majejly's 10 A*0, c. xi. reign, to toe rebuilding and finiflnng the faid churchy and the tower thereof as by the faid feveral alls, relation being thereunto refpeftive-Iy had, may more fully appear: and whereas out of the faid duties of coals and culm, or out of monies lent ubon Credit of the fame, Je-peral confiderable Jums, amounting in toe whole to one hundred fixty one thoufand one hundred feventy and five poundsJixteen Jbillings and feven pence, have been already raifed and ijfued for the buildings, repairs^ and other purpofes preferibed in or by the faid recited afts, and the building if feme of the new churches thereby appointed to be built, hath been begun, and feveral repairs which were thereby di* refted, have been entredupon\ and Jbmefcites, cemeteries, burying* places, and mnifiers houfes have been pur chafed or contra Tied for, and other charges have oeen borne, and payments made purfuant to the orders of the feveral commjfioners, who from time to time have been intrufied in and for the execution of the powers in the faid feveral afts contained \ but the charge of the faid buildings and repairs already begun or performed, hath been fo excejfwe, that over and above the application of the faid monies already ijfued, a great debt is now 'owing to workmen and others for the fame-, and it evidently appears, That in cafe tty expence of the find buildings and repairs Jbould proceed and be carried on at or near the fame excejfive rates, the whole produce of the faid duties, during the faid time or times to tome therein by the faidformer afts (though fuen produce far exceeds the original eftimates made for building the Jaid new churches and repairs) will be very deficient for thofe purpofes, and may probably at the end of the faid prefent terms leave a great debt for work and materials unprovided for: and whereas it is cotnpvtea or ejlimated,

That the faid duties laid by the faid former afts on coals and culm to be imported, asaforefaid, between Lady-day one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, and the faid twenty eighth day of September one. thoufandfeven hundred ana twenty five, may amount in the whole to the Jim of three hundred andfixty thoufand pounds•, and in cafe the prefent terms in the faid duties be enlarged, fo as to make up thirty

two yeafs, from Lady-day one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen,

^ y J - - - - - ' #

^ .	of three hundred and fixty thoufand pounds may be raifed

he purpofes before mentioned, as in this aft is afterwards provided,

articular yearly fund or fecurity in that behalf; and that the ...

ye hundred twenty eight thoufand three hundred and twenty fm^fmeJbiiling and nine pence may be raifed by efiablijbing another pdrtfwaryearty fund, and by fuch other ways and means as are hereafter in this aft provided, for making good the fupply granted to bis fiftytytyhi this Jejfion of parliament in the manner herein after men* tioned; and that the furpliijfes which Jhall or may, from time to time, vrift by the faid duties on coals and culm, over and aoovefo much as Jhall	4

C 3	be

Google

Apno qpipto GEORGH L C. £.

ll fufficitrJ to difcharge the payments by tbiscift intended. to be charged thereupon, maybe refervedfor the ufe of the publicl: therefore we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal lubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being defirous to purfue your Majefty’s pious and gracious intentions for the honour and benefit of the church of England and advancement of our holy religion, by making provifion for raifing the faid fum of three hundred and fixty thoufand pounds in fuch proportions at a time a? (hall be needed to be employed (fo far as the fame will extend) for or towards the building and finifluog of churches, purchafmg feites, church yards, burying places, and houfes for minifters, repairing the faid qollegiate Church of St. Peter, Weft-t^injler^ and the chapels of the lame, finifhing Greenwich Hof-pital and the chapel thereunto belonging, and making provifion* for mimfters, according to the true intention of the faid former adls of parliament; and being alfo deGrous to make good the fbpply granted to your Majefty in this feflion of parliament, by making provifion to raife a fum, not exceeding the faid fum of five hundred twenty eight thoufand three hundred and twenty.

Sounds one (hilling and nine pence; and being alfo defirous,ta ave the faid furplufles referved for the ufe of the publick aa s|forefaid, do moft humbly prefent to your Majefty the fevcral im-politions, rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do moft Coals and humbly pray, That it may be, and be it ena&ed by the King's culm import- moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of rTofLon- lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent Son, after 27 parliament aflemhled, and by the authority of the Came, Tha^ Sept 1725,and for all forts of coals and culm which, from and after the twen^ before 25 ty-feventh day of September one thoufand feven hundred ana ^cnty and before the feaft of the annunciation of the 3 s.Pper chal- Welled Virgin Mary which lhall be in the year of our Lord on^ derand tun. thoufand feven hundred and fifty one, lhall be imported and <Jhefe duties are brought into the port of the city of London, or the river o£ ^a7?es within the liberty of the faid city upon the fame river, t. 4. fe6t. 1. Aere lhall be paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, by See 13 Geo. 1. way of impofition thereupon (over and above ail other impo* c. 21. fed. 1. fitions and duties) according to the rates hereafter mentioned,

(‘that is to fay) for all fuch forts of coals and culm as areufoally old by the cnalder, for every chalder thereof containing thirty fix buftiels Winchejler meafure, the fum of three (hillings, and for fuch fort of coals as are fold by the tun, for every tun there-, of, containing twenty hundred weight, the fum of three (hillings,	;

Theft duties II. And it is hereby ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That thebC ana1?	rcfp^*vc fums of three (hillings for every chalder of

memo? tie" 9oals culm and tun of coals, which from time to fnpei commiflioners from and after the feaft of the annunciation 6f the blefled Vir-ufthecuiloms. gin Mary one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, and before the faid feaft of the annunciatiojvof the blefled Virgin Mary which lhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fifty one, lhall be imported or brought into the fouj

port

Digitized by v^ooQie

*3

1718.]	Anno	quinto Gcorgii I. c. 9*

port or river within the liberty of the faid city, as aforefaid, and payable by virtue of the faid recited afts of the ninth year of her 9 Amu c. **• late Majefty’s reign and the firll year of his Majefty's reign, and * ^, I* by virtue of this prefent aft, every or any of them, (hall from u time to time be under the management of the commiffioners and officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms for the time being, according to fuch orders and direftions as are or (hall from time to time be given by the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the Duties howl# time being; and (hall or may from time to time be raifed, Je- bdewed* vied, collefted and paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in fuch manner, method and form, and at fuch places and by fuch rules, ways and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned, ex prefled and referred unto in and by any aft, law or ftatute, afts, laws or ftatutes now in force, for raifing, levying, collefting or anfwering any other duty or duties now payable to his Majefty for or upon any coals or culm whatfoever imported or brought coaftwife into the faid port of London \ and that all and every the powers, authorities, penalties, forfeitures, difabilities, articles, rules and claufes in the fame afts, laws and ftatutes, or any of them, mentioned or contained (except fuch and fo much of them, for and concerning which it is otherwife provided in this and the faid recited afts, or any of them) (hall be of fuch force and effeft, to all intents and purpofes, for the raifing, levying, collefting and anfwering the impofitions hereby granted, for and during the faid term or time herein before limited, as if the fame were particularly and at large fet down and enafted by this aft; any former law, cuftom or ufage whatfoever to the contrary in any Wife notwithstanding.

III.	Provided, that this aft, or any thing therein contained, 100 chalden fhall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge or lay of coals per any of the duties or impofitions hereby impofed upon fuch coals chelfea^o-(riot exceeding one hundred chalders by the year) as (hall be not brought into the port of London, from Ncwcajlk upon Tint or chargeable* any other place, for the only ufe and fervice of the royal hofpi-

tal at Cbitfed'y any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withrtandinjj

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. The menies That all and every fuch fum and fums of money as (hall be ?° be brought raifed, collefted or levied by virtue of the faid recited aft of the

ninth year of her faid late Majefty’s reign, and by virtue of the 9 Ann. c. t*. faid recited aft of the firft year of his Majefty’s reign, and by 1 Geo. 1. fbu rirtue of this prefent aft, every or any of them, of or for tht *• c* **• find duties on coals and culm to be imported and brought into the faid port of the city of London, or the river of Thames within the liberty of the (aid city upon the fame river, at any time or times, from and after the feaft of the annunciation of the blefied Virgin Mary one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, and before tho faid feaft of the annunciatioo qf the blefled Vir-

C 4

Digitized by

Google

And appropriated tor the ufet of this a&

After %< March ?7«9» for 3* years, si,oool. to be a fund for answering the principal and interest of |6o>ooo 1.

Money may

bo raifed by way of loan at 41. per cent, for building ghurchei, u c.

Anno'fjuinto Grorgii I. a 9.	[-171$*

Aft Mary one thoufand feven hundred and fifty one, (the necef-wry charges of raifing, managing and. accounting for the fame always excepted) (bah from time to time be brought and paid into the receipt , of Exchequer; and the fame monies , (other than fuch futplus monies as are to be referved for future di£ position by parliameat^s aforefaid) are and fhaU be, by force and virtue or tbis ,ad,. appropriated, iflued, applied and difpoC* ed to and for the feveral and refpedive ufes and purpofes in and by this prefent ad preferibed and direded, of and concerning the fame, and to and for none other ufe, intent or purpose whatfoever* any former ad or ads of parliament, or any srp*

1>ropriation, diredion, claufe or claufes, matter or thing whatever therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwith* ftanding.	.	„

V.	And to the end a good and fufficient. fund and fecurity may be fettled and eftablifhed for railing the faid fum of three .hundred and fixty thoufand pounds, in fuch proportions at a .time as (hall be needed, for the purpofes in this ad particularly exprefled, of and concerning the. fame ; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That yearly and every year, from and 'after the faid feaft of the annunciation of the blefTed Virgin Mary one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen for and during the term of thirty and two years from thence next enfuing, th$ full fum of twenty and one thoufand pounds, by or out of tbp , monies of or for the faid feveral duties on coals and culm by this ad appropriated as aforefaid, (hall be and is by this ad declared and enaded to be a particular fgnd and fecurity for an-# fwering and paying, as well the principal as the intereft of the Jaid fum of three hundred and fixty thoufend pounds, in fuch courfe, manner and form, as are hereafter in this ad preferibr ed in that behalf: and the commiflioners of his Majcfty's treay fury now being, and the tceafurer and. under-treafurer of the exchequer and commiflioners of the treafury of his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceflors for the time being, arc hereby ftridly enjoined and required to caufe the faid yearly fum of twenty amt pne thoufand pounds to be applied according to this adt, out of the duties arifing as aforefaid, with preference to any other payments to he made out of the fame j any former law or fta* tute to the contrary notwithftanding.	;

VL And be it farther enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (ball and may be lawful to and for the commiflioners of lus Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now be* ing, and the treafurer and under-treafurer of the exchequer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury fox ihe tune being, (without any further or other warrant or ai*» tharity to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf) from time, to time to dired the officers at the receipt of the exchequer to receive, by way of loan, from any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, willing to make luch loan or loaps upon credit of the faid particular fund of Iwenty and one ^oufend pound$ Ptrjwnm by this ad eftaT ,	"	biUhc*

Digitized by (^.ooQle

1718.3	Anno	qvrinto Qeor&ii I. c*g.	tf

bliftxsd as aforeiaid, fuch fom and fans of money as any five or mare of the per fans appointed, or to be appointed by com-* miffion -or letters patents under the great feal of Great ,

{hall from time to time, or at any time or times, think neceflary, and (hall, by writing under the hands of them or any five or store of them, defire to be jrafed by way of loan for the build-, tags, repairs and other purpofes by the (aid recited adts intended; and to allow intend, not exceeding the rate of four pounds far centum per annum., for the forbearance thereof; and that the -T-iifra* tnotucs ib lent (hall not be taxed or aflefled by any adt Of parliament whatfoever ; and that fuch lenders (hall have tallies of Iren and orders for their repayment, with fuch intend as afore-/aid, out of the laid particular fund of twenty and one thoufand pounds per annum, die principal to be paid in courfe according T°b* p*id ia to the refpedtive dates of the tallies, and the intend every three	'

months, until the repayment of the principal, fothat at the ,j|rte mourn, end of every quarter of a year the faid intend then due (hall be icc paid, or money fuffident mall be nferved for payment thereof; and the nil of the money of the fame particular fond then remaining in the exchequer (hall be ifliied and applied, from time to time, towards fatisfedtion of the faid principal in courfe as pfbrdaid; and fo as care he taken, that as the principal be paid off, the intend he proportionally funk and abated; and that no fee, reward or gratuity (hall be demanded or taken in pr for the payment thereof; and that the money of the (aid particular fund of twenty and one thoufand pounds per annum (hall be liable to fatisfy fuch orders accordingly without being diverted from the lame to any other ufe, intent or purpofe, upon pain of forfeiting treble damages, with full cods of Aait, to the party grieved by the party offending; and that fuch orders (hall be affignable by endorfements thereupon according to the courfe in fuch cafes ufed in the exchequer; any law or datute whatsoever to the contrary notwithdanding.

• VII. And it is hereby eroded, That all the monies to arifeby ll oooj_ way of loan upon credit of the faid particular fond of twenty and per ann. ap-pne thouiand pounds per annum, and all the monies of the fame proprated foe fund (except fo much thereof as is to be applied for repayment	*b*

at the principal and fatisfadtion of the inter eft of the loans whieh Gburclu,> (hall be made thereupon, as aforefaid) are hereby appropriated, mad fhaQ.be applied tor or towards the building and onifhing of churches, purchafing of (cites, church-yards, buryinfg-places, and boufes for minifters, repairing the (aid collegiate church of St. Pater,	Weftminftir,and the chapels of the fame, finifhing

Greenwich Htfpital and the chapel thereunto belonging, making psovifipn for minifters, and other charges relating to the md churches, which were authorized and intended by the (aid former ada or any of them concerning the lame, and to or for none other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever.

VUI. Provided always, That the principal of fuch loans, Not to exceed together with the monies (if any (uch be) which (hall be fup- 360,00a!. nUed out	attl* feme particular fond jtfelf, for the purpofes laft

men-

Digitized by LjOOQle

Treafury to ifTuc fucli money as the /COmmiiTioaers for the churches (hall think fit, to the troafurer in that behalf.

Treafurer accountable in the exche-<fuer, andto give fecurity.

The produce of the duties before 15 March 1719,to be applied in Wirfuance*of tne former alts.

Aimbqatato Gwflton I. c.9.

mentioned, lhail not in the whole exceed the find fum of three hundred andfixty thoufand pounds.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of his Majefty** treafury, or any three or more of them now being, and the high-treafurer and under-treafurer of the exchequer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury tor the time being, and they are hereby direAed and authorised, (without any further or other warrant or authority to be fued for, hiui or obtained in that behalf) from time to time to iflbe and pay, or caufe to be iflued and paid, out of the monies to, arift by way of loan upon credit of the faid particular fund of twenty and one thoufand pounds annum and out of the monies of the faid particular fund of twenty and one thoufand pounds per annum, (except fo much of the lame particular yearly fund as is to be applied for the payment of principal and fa-tisfadtion of the intereft of the loans to be made upon the fame as aforefaid) fuch fum and fums of money as lhail be thought meet and neceflary by the faid commiffioners appointed or to be appointed to take care of the faid buildings as aforefaid, or any five or more of them, for the buildings, repairs and other the fervices laft before-mentioned 3 which monies fo to be iflued as aforefaid lhail be paid unto fuch perfon or perfons, (not being of the number of the fame comminioners) for the ends and pur-poles aforefaid, as his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflars, lhail nrotn time to time diredt and appoint to be the treafurer or treafurert in this behalf 5 and' (hall be received by him or them by way of impreft, and be Accounted for only by fuch treafurer or trea-furers; and lhail be disburfed, expended and applied by filch treafurer and treafurers refpedtively, according to fuch orders and warrants as he or they (hall receive from time to time front the faid commiffioners for the faid buddings and repairs, at any five or more of them, for all or any the ufes and (mice* before by this or the faid former adts preferibed or allowed in that behalf, and not otherwife, or to any other life, intent of purpofe whatfoever; which faid treafurer and treafurers refpec* tively fhall be accountable in the exchequer for the fante, and lhail give lirch fufficient fecurity, as lhail be approved by thd commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the treafurer and under-treafurer of the exchequer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the tithe being, before he or they enter upon hie or their office, for making fuch' accounts-.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadied by the authority aforefaid, That the produce of the (aid duties which (hall cbme or be brought into the receipt of exchequer for filch’ coals or culm, as aforefaid, imported or to be imported before the faid feaft of the annunciation of the blelfcd Virgin Marj one-thoufahd feven Hundred and nineteen, lhail be iflued and applied in fuch manner as the fame ought to have been HTued and" applied by or in puriuaacc ofithe faid former afts or any Ufthem,-

if

Digitized by

Google

,c,0v	%j

if this nrefent ad ha4 not been made; and if it (hall appear,

after the application thereof, that any money (hall remain unfa-

fished for principal or intereft upon the regifter of loans kept

at the exchequer, by virtue or in purfuance of the faid ads of

the ninth and tenth yearsof her late Maiefty’s reign or either of 9 Ann. c. it,

them, then fuch remainder (b unfatisfied (hall be paid and dif- io Ann. c. u,

charged out of the firft monies to be raifed or paid in part of the

feid ium of thr^e hundred and fixty thoufand pounds; any thing

herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI, And it is hereby enaded, That all fuch powers, pro- The ^ vjfbes, dije&ions and claufea contained in the faid recited ads &c. in the % of the ninth and tenth years of her faid late Majcfty’s reign, former ads syid in the faid gd of the firft year of his Majefty’s reign, or in continued, any Other ad or ads of parliament touching the building and	2^

repairing of the faid churcfis, and any other matters and things 1 * ’ * ** therein Tpecified, as are now in force and are not taken away or altered by this prefent ad, (hall continue and be in force to all intents and purppfes, as if the fame powers, diredions, provifoes an^ daufes were repeated and re-enacted in the body of this ad.

. Xlf. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a- His Majefty fprefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the King’s may appoint majefty, hi? heirs and fucceffors, from time to time, by com-, rommitoonaa ipiffion or letters patents under the great leal of Greet priU?in% ^urchet. tp nominate,, conftitute and appoint fuch perfons to be com** * miftioners to execute all and every the powers in the (aid recit-qdads of the ninth and tenth years of her faid {ate Majefty ’s reign, and-of the firft year of his Majefty’s reign, which c|o or (hall remain to be executed, and all the powers in this prefent ad, touching the building and repairing of the fajd churches, and other matters by fuch commifiloners to be done and performed, and to pbferve inch diredions as (hall be moft cpndycible tp his Majefty’s gracious and pious intentions in the premises,

.. XIU. And to the end a good and fufficient fund and fecurity may be fettledand eftablilhed for railing the fum of fere hundred and five thoufand nine hundred ninety and five pounds, part of She faid fum of five hundred twenty eight thoufand three hundred and twenty pounds one (hilling and nine pence, for making good the fupply granted to his Majefty in this felfion of parliament: be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid. That After Lady-yearly and evcryyear, from and aft# the fcaft of the annuncia- day *7*7* for tion of the blefled Virgin Mary one thouland feven hundred yca[8T4J and nineteen, for and during the term of thirty two years from ^ann/to be trfence next immediately enluing, the full fum of thirty thou- the fund for fend five hundred fifty and nine pounds and fourteen (hillings the fortunate per annum, by or out of the monies of or, for the faid feverallotl* duties on coals and culm by this ad appropriated or intended to tei*81F*fW?ted as aforefeid, (ball be and by this ad is declared an4 epa^ed to be a particular fund and fecurity for anfwering ?^cPfW& as well the principal as the interpftof the fortunate lptj|;ror chances herein after mentioned, in fuch courfe, thinner and. form as are hereafter in this aA prescribed in th?^

behalf;

Digitized by LiOOQle

£6	Aflfto	qainto Georoti I. c. 9. (lytfi

behalf: and the commiffioners of his MajeftyV treafory nerw being, and the high tfeafurer and under treasurer of the exchequer, and the commiffioners of the treafury of his Majefty, hie heirs and fucceflors for the time being, are hereby ftriftly en-* joined and required to caufe thefaid yearly fum of thirty thou-firnd five hundred fifty nine pounds and fourteen (hillings to be from time to time fet apart, ifliied and applied according to this, aft, out of the duties arifing as aforefaid5 any former law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding. '

Aey perfons XIV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, may be cob- That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons i na-tributen. fives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute or advance, for or towards railing the faid fum Of five hundred r	and	five thoufand nine hundred and ninety five pounds, by pay-

ing, at or before the refpeftive days and times in this aft limit-1 ed in that behalf, to any receiver or receivers to be appointed for that purpofe, as is herein after mentioned, the fum of three pounds, or divers intire Turns of three pounds upon this aft j and that for railing the (aid fum of five hundred and five thoufand nine hundred ninety five pounds, any perfon who will become contributor or adventurer, (hall or may advance the fum of three pounds, for which Turns fo advanced he, (he or they; in cafe of a fortunate lot, (hall be entitled to receive, by virtud" of this aft, fuels principal money and intereft for the lame, to' be paid, as herein after is mentioned, by and out of the (aid particular fund of thirty thoufand five hundred fifty and nine'poarid* and fourteen (hillings per annum, fettled by this aft; and that every fuch contributor or adventurer iftay advance as many in-tire fums of three pounds, as he, (he or they (hall think fit j and for every fuch fum of three pounds fo advanced he, (he pt they, if fortunate, is and are to be interefted in one tot or (hare" of and in the fame yearly fond by virtue of this aft: and the fane intire fums of three pounds each are hereby appointed to be paid to fiich receiver or receivers at or before the refpeftive days and times and in the refpeftive proportions herein after Timet of pay-mentioned, that is to fay, one third part thereof on or before' ment. the fifteenth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, and the remaining two third parts thereof on or before the fifteenth day of May in the year of our Lord one thoUfapd feven hundred and nineteen.

Treafury to appoint managers. Books to be prepared with two columns.-Treafery to appoint receivers. Managers to examine tbe books. Ticket* how to be delivered out. Books to be re-delivered to tbe managers, by ao May 1719. Tickets not difpofed of to he delivered into the Exchequer to be cancelled. £ X P.

Kecital of XVIII. And whereas In and hy me all of this of ton the**	*’ment, intituled, An aft for applying	certain overplus'monfes and

other lottery- farther fatns to be raifed, as well by way of a lottery as by loans, a£t of this 1 towards paying off and cancelling exchequer bills, and Tor lefv fcflkw. fening the prefent great Charge in relation to thofobilU, and for

circulating

1718.}	Anno quintoGeorgiI I. c. 9;	29

circulating and exchanging for ready money the refidue of the fame bills for the future, it is enafted, That one hundred fixty tight thoufand fix hundred fixty five tickets therein mentioned Jhall be trolled up and put into a box to be marked with the letter (A) and fecund as in the fame aft is preferibed $ and that books Jhall be prepared, in which every leaf Jhall be divided or difiinguijhed into two columns; and that upon the innermoft of thofe two columns there Jhall be printed one hundredfixty eight thoufand fix hundred fixty five tickets, and that upon the outermofi of thofe two columns there Jhall be printed one hundred fixty eight thoufand fix hundred fixty five tickets; and that twenty eight thoufand one hundred and nine, part of thofe contained in the outermofi columns of the books lajl mentioned, Jhall be and be called the fortunate tickets, to which the prizes or benefits Jhall belongs as is therein mentioned •, and the Jaid fortunate tickets Jhall be written upon, as well in figures as in words at length, in manner following, that is to fay, upon one of them, tiventy thoufand pounds principal money; upon two of them feverally, ten thoufand pounds principal money; upon every one of four of them fever ally, five thoufand pounds principal money ; upon every one of thirty of them feve-rally, one thoufand pounds principal money; upon every one of feventy of them fcverally, five hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of four hundred and four of them fever ally, one hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of eight hundred of them fever ally, fifty pounds principal money -, upon every one of fourteen hundred and eight of them feverally, five and twenty pounds principal money; and upon every one of twenty five thoufand three hundred and ninety of them frjerally, ten pounds principal money: which principal fums, together with five hundred pounds principal money to be allowed to the owner of the firjl-drawn ticket, and five thoufand pounds principal money to the owner of the lajl-drawn ticket, (befides the benefits which may happen to belong to the two tickets lajl mentioned) do amount in the whole to five hundred thoufand pounds; and that all the tickets contained in the outermojl columns of the lajl-mentioned books, Jhall be carefully rolled up and put into another box to be marked with the letter (B), to be alfo fecured as in the fame a ft is preferibed; and that on or before the twenty fourth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen the Jaid feveral boxes, with the tickets thereiny Jhall be brought into the Guild-hall of the thy of London ; and that the tickets therein Jhall be drawn, and the fortunate tickets aj'certain-ed, adjujled and fettled in the manner and within fuch time as are therein mentioned, ,as by the fame aft, relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear. Now in regard the tickets preferibed by this prefent aft do confift of the fame numbers, and are to be attended with the fame chances with thofe appointed to be prepared by the aft laft before recited : it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the chance of every ticket for Every chanee which any money (hall be contributed on this prefent aft (whe-	be "deter-* ^

ther the fame (hall happen to be a prize or a blank) (hall be de- mjned by the termined by the drawing of the tickets upon the faid other aft j drawing of fo that in every cafe where any numbred ticket upon the draw- the othcr lot~ ing by the fai4 other aft (hall be entitled to a prize in principal te^o t c

money,5	*	y

Digitized by

Google

Anno quinta GeoRGi! I. c. 9.'	£1718:

money, the ticket of the like number to be made forth upon this prefent a& (hall be entitled to a prize of the like value in principal money ; and in every cafe where any numbred ticket upon rhe drawing by the faid other aft (hall not be a prize, the ticket of the like number to be made forth upon tnis prilent v aft (hall likewife be deemed to be an unfortunate ticket, to which no prize (hall - belong.	t	‘

Th« method of drawhig to aicerhnn the courfe of payment. An exaft table of the courfe of payment to be printed. Fortunate ticket* to be brought to the manager* within fo days after drawing Fortunate ticket* to be printed. Forging or counterfeiting tickets felony. Managers to enter fortunate tickets in a book, and tranfapt it into the Exchequer. Interoft to l>e paid quarterly. Firft payment at St. John Baptift'* day 1719. ^Managers to befwom. Their oath. All receipt* ami iffue* at the exchequer Co be gratis^ Sec. Money lent tax-free. Fortunate ticket* to be exchanged for (landing orders. ^ Orders in the fame courfe of pay: ifient to be numbred according to their bringing in. Orders to be paid-numerically, See. and affignable. Several orders in the fame thousand may be turned into one order, not exceeding 500I. in one order. Tha fund of 10,559!. 14s. per annum appropriated Tor paying intereft and pria<» cipal. No undue preference if fubfequent orders be paid before other perfons that did not come to take tneir money. Monies of one year proving deficient, to be paid out of the next year. Notice in the London* Gasettt, and by writing to be hung up in the oioe, to be giten of wba# courfe* are in payment. Receivers may take in money before they receive their books. Contributor advancing one third, and not the remaining, two thirds by 15 May 1719. the firtl third forfeited, See. Treafury to appoint officers to pay interefl and principal, and to Tegifter all affign-tficut* of orders, See. All alignments to be rtgiftred without fee.' Bx* traordinary benefit* of 1000I. or upwards, may be divided into Cereal Handing orders, Sec. Guardians may fubferibe for infants. The over^ plus of the duties on coals quarterly, to make good* the refidual fum 07 *'*,325!: is. pd. The managers and incident charges to be paid out or the duties oil coals. EXP.	•	1

...1

Allfurplus XLII. And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefak^ money dif- That all the furplus, excefs, or overplus monies, which ihaU ParlUu,C *7 or may quarterly^ or at the end of any quarter of a year, during p nen .	^ faici term of thirty two years, arife by the faid duties on

coals and culm hereby appropriated, as aforefaid (oyer and, a-* bove fo much as (hall be (undent to difeharge the monies then due and incurred on the faid particular fund of twenty one thou* land pounds per annum, and on the faid particular fund, not exceeding thirty thoufend live hundred fifty nine pounds .and fourteen (hillings per annum, and over and above the necetiary charges for executing, this ad, and over and above the mosaic* applicable by this ad, to fatisfy the.faid refidual fum of twenty two thoufand three hundred twenty five pounds one IhiUing and nine pence) and that all the furplus, excefs, or overplus monies which (hall or may arife and remain of or for the (aid '	duties on coals and culm hereby appropriated, as afore&id*

after the faid fum of three hundred and fixty thoufand pounds to be charged on the faid particular fund of twenty one thou* land pounds per annum, and after all the principal and intereft to be charged, as aforefaid, on the (aid particular:, fum of thirty thouiand five hundred fifty nine pounds and fourteen IhUlirigs

P*

1718.3	Anno	qumto GtoRffn 1. C. 9.'	31

per aiiman, and after the faid refidual fum of twenty two thousand three hundred twenty five pounds one (hilling and nine pence, and the faid neceflary charges of executing this aft, (hall be entirely paid off, difcharged and fatisfied, (or fufficient mo- , ney (hall be fet off for thole purpofes) (hall be kept apart and reicrved for the difpofition of parliament, and (hall not be dif-pofed or applied to any ufe or purpofe whatfoever, but by authority of parliament, and according to fuch future aft or afts of parliament as (hall be made and palled for the difpofition thereof.

XLUI. And whereas notivitbfiandbig the good	ef par- Claule for tha

Moment heretofore made agcfinft private lotteries, perftns moreeffedual have given publick notice for taking	Jubferipti for the (ale of the

ehantes, or part of the chances lo artfe on the tickets, to be ijjaed by terie*. 5 Gao. vtrtne if the fetid aft, intituled. An aft for applyihg certain over—i. c. j. plus monies, and further fums to be railed, as well by way-of lottery as byloans, towards paying off and cancelling exchequer hills, and for lefieoing the prelent great charge in relation to thole MBs; and for circulating and exchanging lor ready money therefidue of tbefame bills for the future, not being pojfejfed of the tickets on wbitb fuch chances, or parts of chances are propofed to he fold, thereby ereffing another lottery, or entring into an undertaking refembhttg a	lottery, for their private benefit, on the foot of

tie Utt'eri fo ereffed by parliament, to the great and mamfejl -‘ date of the puiliek credit, and in open contempt of the faid offs of parliament made Ogainfi private lotteries: for the preventing and remedyirtg fitch pernicious praftices, be it further enafted by the authority afote&id. That the fame and all fuch kind of undertakings, lhall be and are hereby declared to be within the tine intent and meaning of the feveral afts of parliament made again# private lotteries; and the feveral perfon or perfons, buy-ntZ, felling, fobfcribing, or taking fubfcriptions for the purchafe orroch cninceS of lots, or part or parts of filch chances or lots, of or on any one or more of the tickets made out, or to be' dtade out, to purfuance of this or any other aft or afts of par-'

Iftmteht fora pobtick lottery, or of or on the number or num-Ifarr of Mtjt* ftibh ticket or tickets, without having fuch original ticket ortickets in his, henor their own cuftody and right, lhall * beliahk to, and fuller the feveral pains, penalties and forfeitures InSfted by any former aft or afts of parliament, upon fuch’ ar fhaffheConcemed in private lotteries: and further. That if ^ttafeVh'times, after the twentieth day of March one ind (cfeu ‘Hundred and eighteen, any perfon or perfons I perfume to fell, or take lubicriptions. for the fate or (ales of lor br chance, lots or chances, or any part or parts of the SThaiice, lots or chances, of or on any one or more ticketf of of 6r on the number or numbers of ahy ticket or, de or	tit be made out	in purfpance of this or any other

affkHi|fli of parliament for a publick lottery, without having Ibcflticket or tickets in his, her or their cuftody or right,* fircS Hull, for every lot or chance, or part of lot

or	,

Digitized by CjOOQle

3*	Anno quin to	GfibRGlI I. C. io>	[1718..

or chftnce lo fold or fubfcribed for, as aforefaid, forfeit and pay thefum of one hundred pounds, over and above any former penalties inflided bjr any former ad or ads of parliament made a^ainft private lotteries; the one moiety thereof to his Majefty* his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to fuch perfon or perfons as, in his, her or the.r own right, (hall at the commencement of the drawing of fuch lottery or lotteries b* poflefled of the ticket or tickets on which fuch lot or chance^ or part of lot or chance, (hall be fold or fubfcribed for, as afore-* faid, to be recovered by adtion of debt, or on the cafe, bill, fuit or information, in any his Majefty’s courts of record at Weft-minfier% as aforefaid.

CAP. X.

An aft for enlarging the time granted hy two a8s of parliament , for repairs of the piers of Bridlington alias Burlington, and for making the faid afts more cffeftuaL

iGed. 1.5.49. \\f H E R E A S by ana# paffed in the firfi ytar of the reign of* emu VV bisprefent Majejlyy intituled, An ad to revive and con-, fat. t*Imc an	^	and	ninth	years	of	the	reign	of his

j. c. 16. f. »6. l?te majefty King William, for repair of the piers of Bridlington lie.	alias	Burlington	in	the	eaft-riding	of the county of Yorky it was

enatttd, That the faid aft of the eighth and ninth years of the reign of his late majejly King William the Thirdy and all the duties and fvmt of money thereby granted and made payable, and every claufe% matter and thing therein contained, Jbould from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand /even hundred and fixteen Jland-and be revived, continued and paidy for the term of fourteen years9 videlicet, from the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand jeven hundred and fixteen until the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand jeven hundred and thirty: and whereas for the greater fecurity of fuch Jhips and vejfels as Jball> from time to time9 come, into the harbour of Bridlington* it is abjolutely necejfary9 that both the faid piers Jbould be lengthened, and the whole firntb pier be, fpeedily rebuilt (and mofi part thereof upon a new foundation) and that new jetties Jbould be alfo build, and other necejfary works made • for the fecurity thereof: be it enaded, f*.

The truftees in the recited ad, and thofe herein named, may lengthen the north and fouth piers, build jetties, See. The ad S & • W. 3. c. to.* (hall continue in force for 25 years, after June a*., 1730. The truftees xn the recited ad of t Geo. i. flat. %, c. 49. and thofe herein named, (ball have power to raife and difpofe of the duty granted by S fo 9 W. 3. c. *9*.

, Truftees dying, the fumvoie may eled others. Additional duties granted after June 24, 1719. To be raifed, foe. as by the former ads. rerfon% lands, &c. heretofore chargeable with building, foe. the faid piers, foe. (ball continue to be fo after the faid piers, &c. are lengtbned, foe. Truftees may aflign the duties, and grant the tolls, foc.Tor thirty.(ix years, as a fecurity for money to be borrowed for the purpofes of this ad? If any perfon be fued, the adion (hall be laid in the county of Yot*k,: and the defendant may plead the general ifliie. See, and (nail recover* treble cofts.	r

• CAP;

Anno quinto GeoRG II I. c. u.	33

CAP. 'XI/

a£f againft tlandeftim running of uncuftmed goods, and for the more ifftSual preventing of frauds relating to the cujloms.

WHEREAS the laios already made for preventing the unlawful importing and clandeftine running and landing of cufiom-able and prohibited goods and merchandizes, have by experience been found to be ineffectual to prevent fuch illegal practices, whereby his Majefiy is greatly defrauded of and in his duties, andfair traders, who duly pay duties, are very much difeouraged and injured in their trades: and whereas for the better carrying on fuch private and clandefline trade, divers /mall veffels, under the burthen of fifteen tons, are generally employed in the undue importing, running and landing foreign brandy, jlrong-waters and Jpirits, contrary to the laws already made and in force: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conient ofthe lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by authority of the fame. That if any foreign brandy, arrack, rum, ^tcr.4* ftrong waters or fpirits of any kind whatfoever, (hall from and bSndy/te. after the five and twentieth day of March one thoufand feven imported in . hundred and nineteen be imported or brought into Great Bri~ any (hipunder tain, or into any port, harbour, haven or creek thereof, in any J*. tunit fuch (hip, veffd or boat* under the burthen of fifteen tons (except OT ei only for the ufe of the feamen then belonging to and on board Continued by fuch (hip, veflel or^boafc, not exceeding one gallon for each * Geo.*. c.ig< fuch feamen) every fuch (hip, veflel or boat, with all her tackle,/ro/* furniture and apparel, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited, i0 and (hall and may be feifed by any officer or officers of the b/Tgco. i. cuftoms, and (hall and may be proceeded againd and recovered c. 18. fe&.i* in the manner herein after mentioned; and after the feizure and sb*P*>°f condemnation of fuch (hip, veflel or boat, the principal officers ^r?to^fag of his Majefty’s cuftoms in the port or place where the fame brancly&c.Jrj fhall be at the time of condemnation, are hereby dire&ed to forfeited. caufe fuch (hip, veflel or boat, to be entirely broke up, and the materials to be publickly fold to the bed advantage, together with the tackle, furniture and apparel thereunto belonging, the produce whereof to be divided as herein after mentioned.

IL And .whereas rum is now imported in much greater propor- After 19 Sepf.. Hons than formerly: and whereas the importing thereof in fmall'i* tajks or veffels is many times done with defign that the fame ^^^nderao mre eafihy privately, dthd dandejlinely be carried off and conveyed ion8, forfeited, without paying the duties: for remedy whereof, be it enafted by For the conti-the authority aforefaid. That if after the twenty ninth day o {nuance of this September one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, any rum CQ^ot c 9. fhal! be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any g’ & port, harbour, hayen or creek thereof, in any cafk or veflel, not 2 Geo. *.c.»8. containing twenty gallons at the lead (excepting only for th^^M-ufe of the feamen then belonging; to and on board filch (hip or VoL« X1V#	(-yin were foe

Digitized by Googfe

34	Anno	quinto	Georgii	I. C.ir. {1718*

the life of the yeflel) all fuch rum, or the value thereof, fhall be forfeited * mailer, &c. neverthclefs if it (hall be made appear, to the fatisfacfion of the principal officers of the cuftoms at the port of importation, that 1 Inch rum fo imported in fmall calks, was for the ufe of the matter or feamen belonging to the Ihip or veflel in the voyage, or imported by merchants or traders, without fraud or concealment, that then and in every fuch cafe the faid officers are hereby impowered and directed to admit fuch rum to an entry, and caufe the duties thereof to be accepted, inftead of the forfeiture thereof before-mentioned; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

HI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That foreign goods m ca^e anY f°rc,gn goods, wares or merchandizes, (hall after taken in at the five and twentieth day of March one thoufand feven hundred fea by any and nineteen, by any collier, filher-boat, or other coafting vef-^oJJicr» *c# to fel or boat be taken in at fea, or out of any Ihip or veflel what-put on board f°ever, in order to be landed or put into any other Ihip, veflel any other vef- or boat, within the limits of any port, without payment of the fel without cuftoms and other duties due and payable for the fame, fuch payment of goods, wares and merchandizes (hall be forfeited, and the mafter fbfteited ^	co^er»	fifher-boat,	or other coafting veffel or boat, (haU

For tb§ coMti- forfeit treble the value of fuch goods, unlcfs in cafe of neceffity, uuanci of this which fuch mafter (hall immediately give notice of, and make fet proof before the chief officers of the cuftoms of the firft port of Wogdom where he (hall arrive; and the mafter, purfer, * Geo. 2. c. *&»or other perfon taking charge of the (hip or veflel, out of fed. 3. ‘ which fuch goods (hall be taken in at fea, unlefs in cafe of ne-a*d the matter cefftty, as aforefaid, (hall forfeit treble the value of fuch goods tke^lue^n-un^Pt > onc moiety of which forfeiture to be for the ufe of lefsin cafe of bis Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to neceffity. him, her or them who will inform or fue for the fame, and fhall and may be recovered in like manner as is herein after mentioned. Goods not re- IV. And whereas in finps from foreign parts, goods are often Smid^afte^ fmn^ at faring fuc^ ftips concealed in falfe bulk-heads between tb$ dealing the ^tnings and falfe knees, or in concealed lockers> in order to their being Ihip, forfeited, landed without payment of duties, fo that *tis almojl impoffible for For the conn- officers of the cuftoms to aifeover them without having feme previous °ftbis information: for prevention of which fraudulent pradices, be it 9 Gto?.c. 8. cna<^ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the five led. s.ic	and twentieth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and

% Geo. 1. c.*8. nineteen, all goods not reported, and found after the clearing kfb	the (hip by the propet* officer or officers of the cuftoms, (hall be

liable to forfeiture, and fuch goods (hall and may be feized and profecuted in the manner herein after hientioned; any law or cufforn to the contrary notwithftanding.

19 Aon. c *6. V. And whereas by an aft made in the tenth year of the late Queen's reign, for laying additional duties on hides and Jkins, vellum end parchment^ and new duties on ftarchy coffice, tea, drugsy and other thingsy certificates for the difcharge of bonds given at the cuftom houfe upon the exportation of coffee or tea, that the fame Jhaft not be nlanded in any part of Great Britain, are to be under the common

fed

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno quinta Georgii I. c. 11.	35

ftal of the chief magiflrate in fuch place or places in parts beyoiid the feas, or under the hands and feals of two known Britifh merchants then being at fuch place or places. That fuch coffee, tea or drugs was there landed; which provijion is found infufficient for the fecurity of the revenue of cuftoms againjl any fecret relanding fuch coffee, tea or drugs, in feme part of this kingdom: and in regard a better provifion spay be made with refpeft to fticb goods exported to Ireland, as is made in the cafe of tobacco, by an atl made in the eighth year of her % Ann. c. 13. /aid late Majejlfs reign; be it therefore enabled by the authority After 1 May aforefaid. That from and after the firft day of May one thoufand *719-no bon*, fcveo hundred and nineteen, no fuch bond given for the expor-tation of coffee, tea, or other certificate goods exported to Ireland, cafe goods to* (hall be delivered up, or any drawback allowed for any goods en~ Ireland to be titled thereto, until a certificate ihall be produced under the delivered up* hands and feals of the collector, controller and furveyor of the cuftoms of fome port in Ireland, or any two of them, where tm certificate* fuch goods (hall be landed, teftifying the landing thereof; and for from the col-the future the condition of all fuch bonds, required by law to be leAor, &c. given for the exportation of any of the faid goods to Ireland, mail be, to produce fuch certificate in fix months from the date	.

thereof (the danger of the feas and enemies excepted;) and in For tbeamti-cafe no fuch certificate (hall be produced within the faid time of nuance of this fix months, it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of cU^l^ee c t the cuftoms in England or Scotland refpeftively to caufe fuch left. S. & C bonds to be put m fuit, unlefs they (hall find fufficient caufe to % Geo. t. c.sf« forbear the fame j any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary not- (eft. 3* withftanding,

VI.	And whereas the remedies already provided by law, to prevent the relanding goods prohibited to be worn in this kingdom, cmd foreign goods Jbtpped out for parts beyond the feas, have not been fufficient to put a flop to the fraudulent relanding fucb goods, to the prejudice of the revenue and the fbir traders ; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the five and twentieth After 315 day of March one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, if any Iv^ch fuch goods (hall be unfhipped, or put qn (hore (unlefs in cafefjtcd\obe * of diftrefs to fave the (hip from perifliing, or in the prefence of worn berc,and an officer of the cuftoms) the faid goods (hall be forfeited; and foreigirgoods, ifthemafter, purfer. Or other perfon, taking care of any (hip rounded, for-wherein the laid goods (hall be laden, (hall fufter or permit any p*na,‘ on of the faid goods to be landed or unfliipped (unlefs as aforefaid) mailer or pur* the faid mafter, purfer, or other perfon, taking care of fuch fer.

(hip, (hall forfeit the value of fuch goods fo unihipped or land- For tbe "***“ etf; and the perfon or perfons to whofe hands or poffeflion the 0f€t* u faid goods (hall come, after the unftiipping or landing thereof, 9 Geo. 1. c. S. he or they knowing the fame to be fo unihipped, (hall forfeit feft. s. Sc double the value of the faid goods, unlefs he or they (hall make * Oeo.a. c.»a* difeovery thereof to the principal officers of the cuftoms in fixf<rdl,#s‘ days after the, faid goods (hall fo come to his or their hands j provided the faid goods (hall not have been feized by, or information given thereof to any officer of the cuftoms before filch difeovery.

D2	VII	.And

Digitized by

Google

36	Anno qulnto GkoRgIiI. C. ii.	[171&

Penalty on VTI. whereas the perfons concerned in carrying on the fcni matter, See. fraudulent practices do frequently caufe the package of fuch goods to be . pa^age^ * °Pene^ 071 hoard the fhip, during^ the time jhe continues in port, wbere-luch good# to by they haye a better opportunity to refund the faid goods: for the be opened on prevention whereof, be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-board, with- fajd^ That if the package of any fuch goods (hall, with the pri-out cave. v;ty or confent of the mafter, purfer, or other perfons taking care of fuch (hip or veflel, be opened on board any (hip or vefc fel, or put into other form or package, during the time the faid. (hip or veflel remains in port, without leave of one or more of the principal officers of the port, the faid mafter, purfer, or other perfon, taking care of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall forfeit one For the conti- hundred pounds; and if the faid mafter, purfer, or other per-mumet of tbU fon, taking care of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall permit or fuffer any f**c ^ of the faid goods to be unfhipped or laftdfed, or the package of * s. Geo. any fuch goods to be opened, or put into atiy other form, with-*. c.il. f.3. out leave, as aforefaid, then fuch mafter, purfer, or other perfon (hall alfo fuffer fix months imprifonment, without bail or mainprize.

Ships of 50 VIII., And whereas divers /hips and vejfels of the burthen of fifty tons,or under, tons, or under, laden with coffee, tea, cocoa-nuts, French wrought tiTecoafts offi	£00^5	prohibited	to	be	worn	in	this	kingdom,	pep^

ce^ma/enter Per\ and other /pices, brandy, /pints, and other cu/lomable and pro-and take an hibited goods, pretending to be bound/or foreign parts, do frequently account of the tie hovering on the coafis 0/ this kingdom, with intention to run the demand fecu fame Pr'lvateb on fiore as opportunity offers, to the great dimi-rity in treble" nutlon an^ tys of the revenue, and ruin of fair traders; and by rea* the value of fin of the faid vcffels fi hovering, frequent opportunities are found for the goods. carrying on the clandejline trade of exporting wool, and other fiapk commodities of this kingdom prohibited to be tranfporttd: for the bet-For tbe conti- ter preventing whereof, be it declared and enadfed by the autho-uuance of this rity aforefaid. That from and after the five and twentieth day €**GtQ*\* * March one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, where any ?.*. & i Geo. ^ip or veflel of the burthen of fifty tons, or under, laden with a. c. aft. f. 3. cuftomable or prohibited goods, (hall be found hovering on the coafts of this kingdom, within the limits of any port, and not proceeding on her voyage for foreign parts, or to fotaie other port of this kingdom, wiqd and weather permitting, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of his Majrftyas . cuftoms to go on board every fuch (hip or veflel, and to take an account of the lading, and to demand and take fecurity from the mafter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel in that voyage, by his own bond by him to be entred into unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be treble the value of fuch foreign goods then on board, with condition. That fuch (hip or veflel (as foon as wind and weather, and die ftate and. condition of fuch (hip or veflel doth permit) (hall and will proceed regularly on fuch voyage, and (hall land fuch foreign goods Mafter, See. *n *nd at fome foreign port or ports ; and if fuch mafter or Other refufing toen- perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or ter into bond.	veflel>

37

Anno quihto Georoii L C, n.

.veflel, (hall upon fuch demand refufe to enter into fuch bond, nr having entred into fuch bond, (hall not depart or proceed •regularly on fuch voyage (arfoon as wind, weather, and the date and condition of (uch (hip or veflel dull permit) unlcfs otherwife differed to make a longer (lay by the colleftor (or other principal officer in his abfence, of fuch port where fuch .Ihip or veflel (hall be, not exceeding twenty days) then and in cither of the laid cafes, all the foreign goods fo on board fuch The foreign (hip or vedei, (hall and may, by any officer or officers of the good* may be cuftoms, by direction of the colleftor or other principal officer, tHccIJ.out as afarefcid, be taken out of and from fuch (hip or veffel, and fccureX'a^d forthwith (nought on (bore and fecured ; and in cafe the faid cuftom paid, goods are cuftomable, the cuftoms and other duties (hall be paid tor the fame; and as concerning wool or any prohibited goods, And wool or or other goods liable to forfeiture, which may be found on board prohibited /uch (hips or veflels at the time of their unlading, as aforefaid, 8£°ds forfeit-the fame are hereby declared to be fubjeft to forfeiture, and the *** officers of the cuftoms (hall arcljraay profecute the fame, as alfo Jtbe (hip or vedei, in cafe (he ftlall be liable to condemnation, as jn the manner herein after mentioned.

IX.	Provided always. That after fuch goods are fo taken out Such goods of fuch (hip or vedei, and brought on (hore and fecured by fuch brought on officer or officers, fuch bonds Jo to be given, as aforefaid, (hall

J)e void and delivered up without any fee or reward for taking l)p- cav r or delivering up the lame; and fuch bond not being otherwife difeharged, (hall on a proper certificate returned under the com- othe”w*i(f xnon leal of the chief magiftrate in any place or places beyond difeharged, the Teas, or under the hands and feals of two known Britijb Shall be va-merchants upon the place that fuch goods were there landed, or cated. upon proof by.credible peribns, that fuch goods were taken by enemies or peridied in the feas (the examination and proof .thereof being left to the judgment of the comroiffioners of the •cuftoms) (hall be vacated and difeharged.

X.	And whereas altering the package of coffee for exportation bath Coffee to be * been found tp be prejudicial to his Majefiy's cuftoms: be it therefore exported in ;ena<$ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and a/ter the five the original and twentieth day of March one thoufond feven hundred and

con-

nineteen, no coffee (hall be exported but (uch only as (hall be taining the contained in the original bale or package, or in iome bale or fame quantity, .package containing the fame quantity therein, or in fome bale °r not lefs ior package containing not lefs than four hundred weight, and 4*olb. the fame marks and numbers thereon with which it was firft en- p£^ (ontjm 4red at his Majefty’s cuftom-houfe; excepting only fuch coffee nuance of this gs (hall, be exported to his Majefiy’s plantations or Ireland.	clou ft, fee

, XL Provided, and be it further enabled, That fo much of 2 ^c£,‘£e*# •this aft as relates to the importation of foreign brandy, arrack, ^ nun, ftrong-waters or fpirits, in any (hip, veffel or boat, under Continuation* the burthen of fifteen ton; and fo much of this aft as relates, to of the fever*! /uch foreign* goods, wares and merchandizes, as (hall be taken	this

in at fea, and out of any (hip or veflel, in order to be landed or pother confix -p«t into any other (hip, veffel or boat; and fo much of this aft nued by 10

P 2	as	Geo, »• c ♦/*

Digitized by

Google

is relates to goods not reported, and found after dealing (hips'; and fo much of this ad as provides further remedies againft islanding goods prohibited to be worn in this kingdom, and foreign goods (hipped out for parts beyond the Teas; and fo much of this ad as relates to the opening or altering the package of goods on board (hips outward bound; and fo much of this ad as relates to hovering (hips or veflels of the burthen of fifty tons, or under; and fo much of this ad as concerns the bales or package in which coffee (hall be exported; (hall continue and be in force for three years, from the five and twentieth day of Mareh one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, and no longer ; and fo much of this ad as relates to rum imported in casks or veffels nbt containing twenty gallons at the lead, (hall continue and be in force from the nine and twentieth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, for tnree years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, and no longer ; and fo much of this ad as relates to certificate goods entred in order to be exported for Ireland, (hall continue and be in force for three years from the firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament, and no longer.

XII.	And whereas great quantities of wrought ftlks, bengals, and fluff's mixed with ftlk and herba, as alJo mujlins, and other callicoes, of.the manufacture of Perfia, China, or Eaft-India, are, not with-flanding the laws already made to the contrary, frequently imported from foreign parts, and landed in Ireland, to the prejudice of fetor traders; for the better preventing the fame for the future, be it

After 1 May 17*9. no Raft-India goods to be imported ' into Ireland from foreign parts.

Penalty.

Penalty on officer conniving, See.

declared and enaded by the authority aforefaid, That none of the before mentioned goods (hall, from and after the firft day of May one thoufand teven hundred and nineteen, be imported into the (aid kingdom of Ireland, from anyplace or places whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this and the former ads (other than from Great Britain) under the penalty and forfeiture of all fuch of the aforefaid goods fo imported, or the value thereof, as alfo of the (hip or veffel importing the fame, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle and apparel ; one moiety to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall feize, inform or fue for the fame, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin, in the faid kingdom of Ireland; and if any officer or officers of the cuftoms in Ireland (hall willingly or knowingly connive at the fraudulent importation of any of the goods afore- mentioned, contrary to the true meaning hereof, or if any fuch officer or officers (hall take upon him or them to feize any of the faid goods, and (hall by fraud or collufion defift or delay the profc cution thereof to condemnation, he or they fo conniving, defift^ ing or delaying, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of five hundred pounds, to be fued for and divided in the manner aforefaid; and fuch officer or officers (hall alfo be incapable of holding any of-

Digitized by L^ooQle

tjiS.] AnnoquintoGEOR<JliI.c.ii.	39

fice or employment under bis Majefty, his heirs apd fuc-ceffors.

XUI. And whereas an al1 was made in the twelfth year of the late i* Ann. flat.*# J^ueen, intituled^ An adt for the preferving all fuch (hips and goods c-lg* thereof, which (hall happen to be farced on (hore or ftranded upon the co?fts of this kingdom, or any other of her Majefty’s dominions ; wherein is recited (among other things) That many Jhips of trade, after all their dangers at Jea efcoped, have unfortunately near borne run on fare or been ftranded on the coajls thereof and been . barbaroufty plundered by his Majeftys fubjells, and their cargoes im-. bezilled-, and when any part has been fayed) it has been fwallowei up by the exorbitant demands for falvage, to the great lofs of his Ma-jtftfs revenue and damage of ms Majefty s trading fubjells and therefore it is by the faid a& (among other things) enabled, That fuch /hips, vejjels or goods Jo to be fayed, as therein is mentioned, fall remain in < toe cuflody of the officer of she cuftoms or his deputy for the purpofes of the faid alt; and if fuch goods fall not be legally claimed by the rightful owner within the time therein limited, that then publick file jball . he made thereof (and if perijbable goods, forthwith to be fold) and after all charges (tidulied, the refidue of the monies arifitig by fuch foie, with a fair and juft account of the whole, fall be tranfmitted to bis Majejlys exchequer, there to remain for the benefit of the owner ;

. jwhich ail was made perpetual by another alt of the fourth year of bis *Geo.x. c.iu . Majeftys reign made in that behalf: and whereas from the want of exprefs words whereby to fubjelt ftranded goods ft faved to the payment of cuftonu and other duties, a doubt has arifen, whether fuch goods are Uable to pay the fame, to the great loft of his Majeftys revenue and contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid afts : be it therefore enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid,

That ail goods, wares and merchandizes, which from and af- Goods faved t *er the five and twentieth day of March one thoufand feven hun- £ut °f W. died and nineteen (hall be falved out of any (hip or veffel that ^iv (ball happen to be forced on (hore or ftranded upon the coafts and charges > jpf this kingdom (not being wrecked goods, or Jetfam, Plot- paid, liable to Jbam or Lagan) (hall, after charges of ulvage and other charges cuftpios, See.

Eid as aforefaid, be fubje& and liable to the payments of the € cuftoms and other duties, with fuch drawbacks upon exportation, and the like allowances and abatements, as fuch £Dods, wares or merchandizes would, by any law or laws now m force, be liable unto and entitled to have, in cafe the fame . were regularly importedj any thing in the aforefaid sfts or any Other not to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV# And whereas in the preamble of the all made in the firft 1 W. Sc M, year offKing William and ffjueen Mary, for the better preventing the Sc“*1 * c* exportation of wool and encouraging the woollen manufactures of this ' bmg/low, wool, wool Jills, mortlings, jhortlings, yarn made of wool, wolrflocisjullefs-earth, fulling- clay and tobacco-pipe-clay, are enumerate/\ but in the exalting part thereof, which relates to the carrying weoltoaftwife, wool only is mentioned, and the other enumerated goods feft out, whereby frequent opportunities are given for the exportation qftbfm, contrary tp the true intent and meaning of the faid alt; it

Digitized by LjOOQie

40	Anno	quinto	Georgh	I.	c. ir. [ijiBj

is therefore hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from Prorifions for and after the five and twentieth day of March one thoufand fc-r • preventing the vcn hun(jrC(i an(j nineteen the like provifion made for prevents w^toex-0 fog the exportation of wool in and by the aft before-mentioned, tend^o wool- is hereby direfted and appointed to extend to wool-fells, mortals, njort- lings, fhortlings, yarn made of wool, wool-flocks, fullers-earth, Jings, See.	fulling-ciay and tpbacco-pip^-clay aforefaid, carried coaftwife ;

any thing m the faid aft or in any other aft to the contrary not-withftanding.

XV. And whereas great quantities of Jills, callicoes, linens or fluffs printed, painted, Jftained or died, in Great Britain, are exposed to.fale without having a mark or (lamp to denote the payment of the duties: and whereas fuch as have been fo marked or Jlamped are frequently Jbipped off in order to be exported into parts beyond the feaSy . whereby the perfon or perfons exporting the faid goods are entitled to a great drawback; and it hath been found by experience, that great quantities of fuch goods, after they have been Jhipped for exportation* nave beets privately relanded in this realm ; and the remedies already	i

provided by law have not been Efficient to obviate a practice fo pre-	'

judicial to his Majcfly and all fair and honejl traders in fuch goods : be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the i fcjay firft day of May one thoufand feveq hundred and nineteen, dur-J7*9» Pointed ing the continuance of the faid duties, in cafe any filks, calfi-&cSunmarkC8*coes* ^nens or duffs, printed, pointed, ftained or died, in cd, forfeited. Great Britain} fhall be found in any place whatfbever, on land 9	or water, without being marked or fealed with a ftamp or (taif

denoting. That the duties have been duly paid or charged (except on board fuch (hips or veflels on which fuch goods nave been (hipped for exportation) the fame (hall be forfeited, and (hell and may be feized by any officer of the cuftoms or excife; and penalty on	the perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody of pofleflkm the goods fo

poiTcflor.	feized (halbbe found, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the Turn

df fifty pounds ; one moiety of which forfeitures and penalties ifhall be to his Majefty,. his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall fefoe, inform or fue for the fame in his Majefty* s courts of record at W'ejhninjter, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, wherein no proteftion or wager of law (hall be allowed : provided always, That the goods fo recovered (hall not be delivered out of the cuftom-houfc ware-houfe, until the fame (hall be marked or fealed with a proper mark or ftamp, to be provided by the commiflioners of the ett*-ftoms for that purpofe : and they are hereby direfted and authorized to provide the fame, and to caufe the faid goods to be damped therewith accordingly; any law to the contrary not-withftanding.

3 Sc 4 Ann. XV I. And whereas in and by an aft made in the third and fourth C- io.	years of her late Majejlys reign, intituled, An aft for encouraging

the importation of naval (lores from her Majefty’s plantations in America, it was arhongfl other things declared and enabled. That every perfon or perfons who Jhould import or caufe to be imported tar or pitch into , this kingdom, direflfy from any of his Majejlf s plantation

iff

Digitized by LjOOQ le

f^nft] Anno quinto Georoii I. c.ii.	41

in America, within the time therein mentioned, he or they foimporting the fame Jbovld have and enjoy a reward or premium of four pounds fir every ton containing eight (a) barrels, and each barrel gauging (a) Eighty* thirty one gallons and one half of good and merchantable tar; and the	record.

like ravard or premium fot every ton of good and merchantable pitch, each ton containing twenty grofs hundreds (nett pitch) to be brought in eight barrels ; and by another aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of for find late Majefty, intituled. An aft for continuing an n Ann. fat.i; aft made in the third and fourth years of the reign of her prefer* c* 9*

•Majefty, intituled. An aft for encouraging the importation of naval jtores from her Majefty's plantations in America; and for the encouraging the importation of naval ftores from that part of Great Britain called Scotland to that part of Great Britain called England, tie firfl-menttoned aft, and every part thereof, is continued from the time of the expiration of the fame for and during the term of eleven years, and from thence to the tnd of the next.feffion of parliament: and it is thereby enafted, That the like rewards or premiums /hall be allowed on the importation ofgood and merchantable tar and pitch from 'Nbrth-Britain into any part of South-Britain, in fuch manner as is therein mentioned: and whereas complaints have been made by the com-mijfioners or principal officers of his Majefty's navy, that tar brought from the feud plantations is frequently mixed with drofs or water, and that dirt or drofs is often found in the pitch, whereby the fame are unfit for the fervice of his Majefty's navy: be it therefore declared and enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and After *9 Sept, nineteen no certificate (hall be made out in order to allow the 1719*110 premium or reward for any fuch pitch) until the fame be freed ™je out for from dirt or drofc, or for any fuch tar that is not fitting to be pitch or tar ufed for making cordage, and that (hall not be freed from drofs till breed fjroni and water, and unlefs fuch pitch and tar be dean, good, mer- dpo6> ^ chantable and well-conditioned.

XVII.	And whereas by the fiaid loft-mentioned afts the perfon or • perfons importing fuch pitch and tar are entitled to the faid premium or reward, upon a certificate from the officers of the cuftoms where fuch pitch and tar is imported: and whereas the faid officers have not fufjScient authority by the find afts to examine he faid pitch and tar fo flriftly as they ought to do, to enable them in judgment to certify whether the fame is rood and merchantable: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the officers of thi cuftoms, before they make any fuch certifi- Officers of the cate, to examine the faid pitch by opening the-heads of the bar- cuftoms, herds wherein it is imported, (awing of the ftaves in the middle for* and breaking the barrel, or fo many of them as they find fuffi- Jificate?to ai-rient to make a proof, or by fuch other means as they (hall amine the think proper, to find out and difeover whether the faid pitch is pitch and tar. good and merchantable, not mixed with dirt or drofs; and atfo *or tbe c*ntt~ it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid officers to examine nJ^!tefi>Uo^ and (Search the faid tar, to find out and difeover whether the ingfealon, feme rs clean, good, merchantable, well conditioned and dear/*’/* Geo. pf drofs pr water, and fit for making cordage,	vc.35.feft. io*

* .	XVIII.	And

Digitized by

Google

4*

No fee for examining, #c.

Penalty oo of* ficer.

Aft u &

Car. z. c.»6. to have continuance during fuch time as the aft of tonnage and poundage, if & la W. 3»

c. ij.

i2 Car.i. C4.

Anno quipto Gborgii I. c. 1 x. (1718.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no fee, gratuity or reward (hall be demanded, taken or received by any officers of the cuftoms for the examining, view** mg or delivering fuch pitch, tar or other naval (lores, with re-fpeftto the premium or reward allowed by the aft* afore-mentioned, or for the making or figning a certificate in order 19 the receiving fuch premium or reward, under the penalty of the lofs of his office; and fuch officer (hall be alfo incapable of fervi-ing his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, and (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds to fuch perfon or perfons as wilt inform and fue for the fame, by aftion of debt or of the cafe, bill, fuit or information in any of his Msyefty’s courts of record at IVefiminfter, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law or more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed.

XIX.	And whereas an aft made in the twenty fecond year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An act to prevent the planting of tobacco in England, and regulating the plantation^ trade, was by feveral fuhfeqtunt alts continued, and by an a& made in the eleventh year of the reign of King William the Third, was to have continuance for the fpace of feven years from the twenty ninth day of September one tboufand Joven hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next fejfum of parliament, which afl has been by experience found beneficial to the trade of this kingdom and the dominions and plantations thereto belonging : but fame doubt hath arifen, whether the fame hath bad continuance by the offs for continuing the a&t of tonnage and poundage: for obviating which doubt, be it hereby declared and enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid aft of the twenty fecond year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and every claufe therein contained, hath and (hall hasp continuance for and during fuch time as the aft of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of the faia King Charles die Second, is continued and no longer.

XX.	And whereas the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America and

% for encouraging the fijbery did provide and flip on board their anstual flip. The Royal George, JohnDavifon, commander, for the Spa-niffi Weft-Indies, a valuable cargo of goods purfuant to the affiento freaty and the late convention between their Britannick and Catbolub Mqjiftiet; which flip could not proceed on her intended voyage by re*-fin of the King of&pwris fvfpending her departure and not granting the neceffary difpatches: and whereas the find governor and company fin order to make the faid cargo ajfortable) were obliged to import and huy feveral goods from foreign parts, the qtfloms and duties payable thereon at importation being paid; which foreign goods were tntred and flipped out at the cujim-houfe on board their faid flip in time» by which they are entitled to a drawback payable out of his Majefly's fufloms, on the exportation <f the faid goods; but the faid flip ben ing kindred from proceeding on her intended voyage as aforefaid, and it being abfolutely neceffary, for the preferuation of the faia flip and fargo, that all the goods now on board flould be relanded: be it ezv* gfted by the authority aforefaid, That ft (hah apt} IMY be law*

i fol

Digitized by

Google

hi W and for the ffcid governor and company of merchants of Gnat Britain trading to me Snub-Seat and other parts ot Ameri-and for encouraging Ithe fifhery, to reland or caufe to be re-landed, in the prefence of the proper officer or officers of the cu-ftoots, the faid foreign goods fo (hipped as aforefaid ; and fcch ^oods fo relanded are to be put into a proper warehoufe or ware-boo fes fto be provided by and at theehargc of the faid company) and there kept under the King’s and the company’s locks, the company or their fervatits or agents having free acccfs to the Md warehoufe or wfrehoufes at all reasonable times$ and tfie faid officers ate hereby directed to* give their attendance at •fucli times, when required; and for fecjuring to the faid governor and company the benefit of the drawback on the faid foreign goods, notwithstanding their relanding the fame, the proper officers of his Majefty*s cuftoms are hereby direfted and hnpow-iered (on the faid governor and company’s relhipping and exporting the faid foreign goods on the fame or any other (hip or Ihips) to make out a debenture or debentures for allowing and paying to the faid governor and company the fame drawback they would have been entitled unto, in cafe their faid (hip, The Royal George, had proceeded on her faid intended voyage and the faid foreign goods had not been relanded ; any law, cuflom Or ufitge to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXI.	And whereas by an ad of parliament made in the tenth year yf the reign of his late majefly King Willfom the Thirds intituled, Ati aft to prevent the exportation of wool out of the kingdoms irf Ireland and England into foreign parts, and for the encouragement of the woollen mainufaftures in the kingdom of England, 4$ was enabled. That no perfon or perfons whatfoevcry from and after the finer and twentieth day of June in the year ef our Lord one thou-fiend fin hundred ninety nine, Jhould directly or indirectly export, tranfport, Jhip off) carry or convey, or caufe or procure to be exported) tranjpotiedj Jbipped off,\ carried or eonveyed out of or from the faid kingdom of Ireland into anyforeign realm) fates or dominions, or into any parts or places whatfoeveT) other than the parts within thi kingdom ff England or the dominion of Wales, any the wool) ntmoIfel/S) Jbo rfhngS) morthngS) wool-flock^ worfed) bay or woollen yam, cloth) fergey bays, kerfeys% JayS) frizes) druggets, cloth-fergtS) /balloons, or any other drapery fluffs or woollen manufactures WhatfoeveT) made up or mixt with wool or wool-flocks, or jhould directly or indirectly load or caufe to be loaden upon any horfe, cart or other carriage) * or bad or lay on board or cauje to bo laden or laid on board in arty jhip or veffel in any place or part within or belonging to th faid kingdom of Ireland, any fitch wool or other the matters a-fonfend) to the intent or purpofe to export) tranfport) Jhip off) carry or convey the famt) or caufe the fame to be exported) tranfported% flapped off) carried or conveyed out of the faid kingdom of Ireland, or out of any port or place belonging to the fame) or with intent or parpofi that any perfon or perfons whatfeever Jhould fo export) tranfport, Jhip off) carry or convey the fame out of the faid kingdom of Ireland into any ports or places [except as aforefaid) upen pain of

’	•	'	fir-

43

South Tea company may reland and put into warebou-fes the foreign goods in the Royal George,

and on reftrip-ping entitled to a drawback*

Recital qf 10 6c 11 W.

C. 10,

Digitized by

Google

Anoo:qumto:G£OR{Hi I. c.itl

'forfeiting the [aid wool and other matters aforefmdfl exported* tranfported* flapped off or carried'* conveyed or leaden contrary ta the true intent and meaning of that act, and under other the penalties therein mentioned: and whereas it is further cnalted by the faid alt* That it Jhould and might be lawful to and for any per/on or per-fens to feize* tale* fecure and convey to his Mayejly's neat were** houfe all fuch wool and other the matters aforefaid* as he or they Jhould happen to fee± find* know or difcover to be laid on board in any Jbip* veffel or boat, or to be brought* carried or laid on Jbore at or near the fea or any navigable river or water* to the intent qr pur-pofe to be exported or conveyed out of the faid kingdom 0/Ireland contrary to the true meaning of that alt; and that fuch perfon or per-fons who Jhould happen fo to feize* take or fecure any of the commodities aforefaid* Jhould be indemnified for Jo doing to all intents and purpojes: but it is not provided oy the faid alt* That the faid wed and other the commodities aforefaid* which Jhould be brought, carried or laid on Jbore at or near the fea or any navigable river or watery to the intent or purpofe to be exported or conveyed out of the fluid kingdom 0/Ireland contrary to the meaning of that all+Jhould he forfeited : for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the authority a-After *4 June forefaid, That from and after the four and twentieth day of ty i9> wooi June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and laid on (hore njnctcen all fuch wool , and other the commodities aforefaid, to ta conwy-	(hall be brought, carried or laid on fhpre at or pear the

•d out of lie- fea or any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpofe to land into fo- be exported or conveyed out of the faid kingdom of Irelandxon-traiy to the true meaning of that aft, (hall be forfeited, and the 1011	*	offender and offenders therein (hall be fubjeft and liable to the

like forfeitures, pains and penalties, as perfons by that aft am fubjeft unto for exporting, tranfporting or (hipping of wool or other the commodities aforefaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of that aft 5 and that fuch forfeitures, pains and penalties (hall be recovered and diftributed as other the pains, pcnaL nalties and forfeitures in that aft are by any law now in force to be recovered and diftributed. iGeo.i. fat.*. XXII. And whereas an alt pajfed in the firfi year of the reign #*46.	§f his prefent MajeJly* intituled* An aft to prevent the mifehids

by manufacturing leaves or other things to refemble tobacco, and the abufes in making and mixing of muff; and whereas the pro-vifions made by the faid alt* fo far as relates to fnuff* have proved ineffectual by rcafon of fame doubts which have arifin* whether the powers granted by the faid alt to prevent the mifchiefs by. manufacturing heaves or other things to refemble tobacco can be extended la fuch perfons which Jball commit abufes in making and mixing of fnufft he it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the (aid All thedavAi recited aft made in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Ma-(5eo i re- *fld claufes, rules, directions, powers, matters and I iting to fnuff, things therein contained, (hall extend and be in full force a^iinff *> extend to * any perfon or perfons who (hall, after the five and twentieth day o deers, umber 0f March one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, make, mix 0;otherco- ^colour, or (hall caufe tp be made, mwd or coloured,. w*y

fort

Digitized by

Google

Anno quinto Georgii I. C:ii•	44

fort of fhutf with any fort of oakers, umber or any other kind of louring, fu-colouring (except water tinged with Venetian red only) or (hall mix or caufe to be mixed with any fort of fnuff, fuftick or yd- w,t“ low ebony, touchwood or any other fort of wood, or any dirt, fond or faidl tobacco fifted from tobacco, commonly called or ' known by the name of tobacco-duft, as if the faid recited adl, fluid ah'the claufes, rules, directions, matters and things there* in contained, had been re-ena&ed in the body of this prefcnt aCt againft the offender or offenders in making, mixing and colouring of fnuff as aforefaid ; any law, ftatute, matter or thing to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.	Ana whereas^ divers evil-difpofedperfons have at the time, or foon after the roaJHng of coffee, made ufe of water, greafe, but-ter, or fuch Hkt materials, whereby the fame ts rendred unwbolfome, and greah increafed in weight, to the prejudice of his Majejlys revenue, the health of his fubjefts, and to the lop of all honfft and fair dealers in that commodity: for the prevention whereof, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the five

mod twentieth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and Roaftcrj ^ nineteen, if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall, at the roaft- coffee making ing of any coffee, or before or at any time afterwards, make ufe of ufe of water, water, greafe, butter, or any other material whatfoever, which will increafe the weight, or damnify and prejudice the faid coffee in its goodnefs, he, (he or they (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence; and if any trader or dealer in The fkme pe. coffee (hall knowingly buy or fell any fuch coffee, he, (he or naltyon trad-they (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence,m m one moiety whereof to his Majefty, and the other moiety to him or them who will fue for the fame.

XXIV.	And whereas by reafon of the great duties which are payable on fever a I foreign goods and merchandizes, fraudulent practices and combinations may be carried on between the importers and owners of fuch goods, by tbemfelves or their agents, and the officers of the revenue, in purfuance whereof fuch goods ate feized, and after condemnation on payment of the King's Jhare of the value at which the fame Jball be appraifed (which value is very often lefs than the duties) fuch goods are returned to the importers and owners, or their agents, upon their giving a moderate gratification to the officer, according to the agreement made, whereby his Majefiy may be greatly defrauded of his duties: for prevention whereof, be it ena&ed

by the authority aforefaid, That if any officer of the revenue penafty 0n of. (hail dire&ly or indire&ly make any collufive feizure of foreign ficer making goods, to the intent that the fame may efcape payment of the collufive feU duties, he (hall not only forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, ^.urc: but be incapable of ferving his Majefty in any office or employ- fownlrtiw* mourn the revenue; as alio the importer and 6wner of the good% hereto i% <><* lb coliufivdy fcifed, (hall forfeit treble the value thereof j one i.c.afl. fe&i. moiety of which penalties and forfeitures (hall be to his Maje-	,

By, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall inform or fue for the fame by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or interaction in any of bis Majefty’s courts of record at

tw-

Digitized by LjOOQle

comp] two months, acquitted. .

Reward for

4$	Ahno	quintbGiofcGH 1. C. it'.

tVejbkinfter, or in the court of exchequer in	wherein!

no effoin, proteftion or wager of law, or any mqre than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

Officer or im- XXV. Provided neverthelefs, That if tht officer ox bkpoite* porter difeo- and owner of the goods (hall difeover fuch his offence to the ighis ac- commiffioners of the Cuftoms in England 6r Scotland refpeftively^ >nces m w}tj1in two months after the fame (hall have heen committed, fa as h;s accomplice or accomplices in fuch collufive feizure be con-vided thereof, the offender fo difeovering (hall be clearly acquitted and difeharged of fuch his offence.

XX\fI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid; any other dif- That if any perfon, other than the officer of the revenue mak-Sr^Tmornhs. *rtS fuch collufive feizure, or the importer and owner of the * goods fo feized, (hall within three months after fuch feizure; difeover to the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England or Scotland refpeftivefy, any perfon or perfons who (hall have'been guilty of fuch fraud, fo as fuch perfon or perfons be convifted thereof, the perfon fo difeovering (hall receive to his own ufe one half part of his Majcfty’s (hare of what (hall be recovered on the conviction of fuch offender or offenders.

DiHribution XXVII. And be it further enafted by the authority afordaid* of forfeitures. That in all cafes, touching which no fpeci&l diftribution is provided by this aft, one moiety of the feveral penalties and forfeitures in this aft mentioned (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall fue for and profecute the fame by bill, plaint or ,	information	in	any	of his Majefty’s courts of record at fVeJtmin*

Jfer or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, (except where it is in this aft otherwife direfted) wherein no effoin, protection of wager of law (hall be allowed.

CAP, XII.

An all for making more effectual the feveral aCts paji for repairing and amending the highways of this kingdom.

WHEREAS divers aCts of parliament have heen made for the better repairing and amending the highways within this kingdom, and for the preventing carriers and waggoners from carry* ing excefftve burdens, which have hitherto proved wholly ineffectual9 and the great roads have from tiv/ic to time become more ruinous,

(notwithjlanding the expence travellers are put to at the feveral turn* pikes) to the great decay of the trade and commerce of this realm: for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and comYnons, in this prefent parliament afiem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the After June 24., four, and twentieth day of June in the year of our Lord one 1719, no wag, thoufand feven hundred and nineteen no waggon travelling for for*hire^haU^ hire ^all S° or ^ drawn with more than fix horfes, either at be drawn with length, or in pairs or fideways $ and that from and after the faid more than fix four and twentieth day of June no cart travelling for hire (hall

cartwitbmore S° or drawn wkh more than three horfes, under the pains,

penal-

Digitized by

Google

2718.3	Ajuk> quihto Georgii I. c. i*?	47

penalties and forfeitures herein after-mentioned, (that is taffy) than three, on That if any travelling waggon for hire (hall, from and after the	fcf-

feid four and twentieth day of June, go or be drawn with more £1^*11° the* than fix horfes, that the owner or driver of fuch waggon for hire hade* above Ihall forfeit and lofe all the horfes above fix in a waggon, with that number, all geers, bridles, halters and accoutrements, to the foie u& and "“ball £eer*» benefit of any peribn or pertains who (hall feize or diftrain the fame; and if any cart travelling or carrying for hire (hall, atc. *9. any time from ana after the laid four and twentieth day of Jstne, s6Geo.sx.jo. go, travel or be drawn with more, than three horfes, that the owner or driver of fuch cart fo travelling for hire (hall forfeit and lofe all the horfes above three, with all geers, bridles, halters and accoutrements, to the foie ufe and benefit of any per-lon or perfons who (hall feize or difirain the feme.

II.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby ensfted and declared. That Perfons feizT whatever perfon or perfons (hall make any feizure or diftrefs for <baJl dell-any of the penalties hereby incurred, fuch perfon or perfons ££ th^fe** (hall deliver the horfe or horfes, or other things fo feized or „ejt °on_ diftrained, into the cuftody of the conftable or feme other pa- liable, &c. rilh-officer of the fame, next or adjacent town or parilh where

fuch diftrefs or feizure is made, (who are hereby required to receive into their cuftody and fafely to keep the fame) till the perfon or perfons who made fuch diftrefs or feizure, (hall make proof upon oath before fome juftice of the peace of the offence ^ m.y, committedj and the faid juftice or juftices, before whom fuch proof of the proof is made, are hereby required to iffue their precept to fuch offence before conftable or pariih-officer, immediately to deliver the horfe or horfes, or other things fo forfeited, to the {arty or parties who precept to the feized or diftrained the feme, to and for their lole ufe and be- conftable, Set. nefit, paying fuch reafonable charge for keeping and fecuring to deliver the fuch other things, as the (aid juftice or juftices Stall allow ana &e* *° direft.	*“ fe“w*

III. And whereas	one other great deem of the	highways er

- reads of the kingdom is greatly otufiened by the very narrow Jlreais

or tire of late ufei for binding the wheels of travelling waggow fen hire, and felling on the fame with rofe-beaded nails : for preventing of which, be it enacted, That from and after the nine and twen- After Septs?, tieth day of September one thoufend feven hundred and nineteen,	no fucl»

no fuch travelling waggon for hire, having the wheels bound i^^wheei* with ftreaks or tire ofa lefs breadth than two inches and a half, bound with when worn, or being fet or faftned on with rofe-beaded nails, tire of left Ihall go or be drawn with more than three horfes, every fuch breath, when owner or driver of any fuch waggon, being fo bound with tire finches or ftreaks of a lefs breadth than two inches and a half, when and half, or worn, or if of 2 greater breadth, fuch tire or ftreak (hall be (aft- fet on with ned on with rofe-headed nails, (hall forfeit and lofe all fuch * horfes above the number of three, with all geers, bridles, hal- ^th’mie^°

. ters and accoutrements, to be feifed, diftrained and applied, in than three tlie feme manner, and to and for the fame ufes, as the other horfes, on for-, forfeitures and penalties in this aft are applied to and difpofed ^ture a* *~

•f.

IV.	And

Digitized by

Google

Perfons hindering, &c.*

fuch leisure, &c. (hall be imprifoned for three months, \ out bail.

and forfeit

lo 1.

Anno quinto GeorgiI L c. 11?	[ i?

IV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons fhall Or do hinder, or with/force, or other wife, attempt or endeavour to hinder or obftrudt the feiz-ing, diftraining, talcing or carrying away of any feizure or di-ftrefs, or matter or thing feizea or diftrained for artv the penal-o^bad Wlth t*es or forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred or forfeited by virtue of this ad, or fhall refcue the fame, or fhall ufe any violence to the perfon or perfons concerned in making fuch feizure or diftrefs, each and every fuch perfon or perfons fhall, upon due proof made upon oath, by one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county wherein fuch offence is done, be committed by fuch juftice or juftices to the common gaol for the faid county for three months^ there to remain without bail or mainprize ; and fhall alfo lofe and forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of ten pounds, to be levied and recovered by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant tinder the hand and leal of fuch juftice and juftices (who is and are hereby authorized and required to grant the fame ;) and in cafe the faid penalty be not paid within three days after fuch diftrefs made, then it fhall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons fo diftraining, as aforefaid*, to fell the goods ahd chattels fo di-(trained, rendring the overplus to the owner or owners, the charge of fuch diftraining and felling being firft deduced.

V 4 Provided always, That nothing in this adt contained fbaH not extend to extend, or be conftrued to extend to fuch waggons, wains, cam ei^oycd, iii or carrfeges» as are or fhall be imployed in or about hufhandry, husbandry, or manuring of land, and, in the carrying of cheefe, butter, hay, &c.	ftraw,	corn unthrefhed, coals, chalk, or any one tree or piece etf

See 14, Geo. *. timber, or any one (tone or block of marble, carravans, and the -♦CVS Gco* covered carriages of noblemen *nd gentlemen for their own private ufe, or fuch timber, ammunition or artillery, as fhall be for the fervice of his Majeffy, his heirs and fucceffors.

Perfons fued VI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That may plead the if any adtion or adtions fhall, at any time or times hereafter, be general iffue, profecuted or brought againft any perfon or perfons whatfoever, for any matter or tning which he, (he or they fhall do, or caufe to be done, by virtue or in the execution of this adt, that in fuch Cafe the defendant or defendants in every fuch adtion or adtions, fhall and may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence on any trial or trials to be hereafter had in fuch adtion or adtions$ and that if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any fuch adtion or adtions (hall difeontinue fuch adtion or adtions, or become nonftm, or that judgment fhall be given a-gainft him, her or them in fuch action or adtions, that then the defendant or defendants in every fuch adtion or a&ions fhall recover his, her or their full colts of fuit; any law, cuftom or ufage, or any thing in this adt contained to the contrary not* withftanding.

This adt (hall

Itc.

sftul (hall reco-! ver their foil coto.

Cap*

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1718.] Anno quinto Georgii I. c, 13,-15,	4p

CAP XIII.

yf/f aft for the amendment of writs of error; and for the further preventing the arrefting or reverfing of judgments after verdift.

WHEREAS great delay ofjufice hath of late yean been occa-Jutted by defective writs of error, which as the law now Jlands are not amendable: for remedy thereof, be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament atiemhled, and by the authority of the fame, That all writs Writ* of error of error, wherein there lhall be any variance from the original re- varying from cord, or other defedt, may and lhall be amended and made a- ^ greeable to fuch record, by the refpedtive courts where fuch tended?* 1 writ or writs of error (hall be made returnable} and that where any verdidt hath been or (hall be given in any adtion, fuir, bill. And after ver-plaint or demand, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at di& no judg-fVejiminJler, or in any other court of record within England or I?™*/*1**1 Wales, the judgement thereupon (hall not be (laid or reverted forJJ^Jy any defect or fault, either in form or fubftance, in any bill, defe& in any writ original or judicial, or for any variance in fuch writs from bill, writ, Sec. the declaration or other proceedings.

II. Provided neverthelefs. That nothing in this adt contain-Not to extend cd (hall extend, or be conftrued toextend, to any appeal of fe-Jony or murder, or to any procefs upon any inaidtment, pre-fentment or information, of or for any offence or mifdemeanor whatfoever.

CAP. XIV.

An a& to contimie the coromidioners appointed to examine, date and determine the debts due to the army ; and to examine and date the de~ mands of fereral foreign princes and dates for fubfidies during the late wan EXP.

C A P. XV.

An aft for making more effeftual an aft of the third andfourth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An adt for the mpre effcdtual difeovery and pu-nilhment cf deer-ftealers.

WHEREAS divers idle and diforderly perfons> who have been duly convicted for unlawfully courfing, hunting, killing or taking away d*er9 upon the Jlatute made in the third and fourth years of the reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, for 3&4W.&M. the more effeftual difeovery and punijhment of deer-feelers, have c*,0* procured writs of Certiorari to remove fuch conviftions into juperior courts at Wcftminfter, purely to avoid the penalties of the faiiJlatute \ whereby the party or parties convifttd are only obliged to give fuurity to the per Jon or per Jons profecuting > for the payment of their refs end damages; and their being no previfion made for Jeeuring tinforfeitures incurred for the offence, or the imprisonment of the offenders, although fuch conviction Jhould be confirmed by the faid<ourts%

faii offenderi	have opportunity to conceal tbtir and

it ou XIV.	E	draw

Digitized by t^ooQle

go	Anno	quinto Georgii I. C.15.

draw their perfons from pumjbment;	the juftice intended by the

faid aft hath been evaded, and loofe and wicked perfons greatly encouraged to follow fuch evil praftices; for the prevention whereof,* be it enaCted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the au~ Vo Certiorari thority of the fame. That no Certiorari (hall be allowed to re-flttll be allow- m0ve any conviction made, or other proceedings of, for or con-anT°convic-e cern^ng anY matter or thing in the faid ftatute, unlefs the party tion againft or parties convicted fhall, before the allowance of fuch Certiorariy the recited aCt, and at the fatpe time that fecurity is given for the payment of unlefs the par- the cofts and damages to the profecutor or profecutors, become nJe’fewItv k°unc* t0 the juftice or juftices of the peace, before whom to the juftice f^ch conviction was made, with fuch fufficient fureties as fuch to pro/ecute juftice or juftices (hall approve of, in the penalty of fixty pounds iuch writ with for each offence, with condition to profecute fuch writ of Certi-***&> ^ orari with effeCt, and to pay fuch juftice or juftices the forfeitures due by fuch conviction, to be diftributed as the faid fta-tute directs, or to render the perfon or perfons convicted to fuch juftice or juftices within one month next after fuch conviction In default the (h^U be confirmed, or a procedendo granted; and that in default juftice may thereof, it (hall be lawful for the faid juftice or juftices, and all ccut^f* other perfons whatfoever, to proceed to the due execution of conviction. fach conviction, in fuch manner as if no Certiorari had been awarded.

After confir- W* And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That mation of a" after the confirmation of any conviction or convictions upon the conviction,the faid ftatute by any of the faid fuperior courts, and delivering the juftice may ruie to the faid juftice or juftices, whereby fuch conviction or procedendo * convi<fti°ns hath or have been fo confirmed, it (hall and may be had been lawful for, and full power and authority is hereby given to luch granted. juftice or juftices to proceed againft the party or parties convicted, in the fame manner as if a procedendo nad been granted. Perfons fued III. Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority a-may plead the forefaid. That if any perfon or perfons fhall be fued or profecut-general lflue, ^ for.any matter or thing,, which he or they fhall do in purfu-3&4,W &M. ance this a<^> or °f the kid ftatute made in the third and c. io, * fourth years of the reign of the late King JVilliam and Queen Mary, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the perfon or perfons fo fued or profecutedto plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and if a verdiCt fhall pafs for the de-• fendant, or the plaintiff fhall become nonfuit, or fuffer a difeon-tinuance, or if upon a demurrer judgment (hall be given againft and fhall re- the plaintiff, the defendant (hall have and recover'his treble cover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any other defen-00 8#	.	dant hath in any other cafe by law.

Perfons con- IV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That vi&ed to be- all and every perfon and perfons convicted, or who (hall here-come bound after be convicted by virtue of the faid ftatute (hall, before he 5^1- to b* or they (hall be difeharged out of cuftody, become bound to fuch viour and not	or flerfons againft whon(i fuch offence Was or (hall be

9	~cdm-

Digitized by v^ooQle

1718.] Anno quirtto GeoRGH I. C. igi	5*

committed, in the fum of fifty pounds, with .condition for his to ofFend in or their fiiture good behaviour, and that he or they (hall not manncr* offend m like manner; and upon his or their failure or refufafr On refufal, to to enter into fuch bond, that he or they (hall be committed to be committed the county-gaol where fuch offence was or (hall be done, until	1)0114

fuch bond mall be given; and that if fuch perfon or perfons ffconVitfed ihall at any time after his or their becoming bound, as aforelaid, after,the bond be convi&ed for any matter or thing in the faid ftatute, that to be forfeited, then the'faid bond (hall be deemed to be forfeited, and the pe- Gco f naltv be recovered, with full calls of fuit, in any of the courts .fuc'btf* ntfreftminftery which faid penalties (hall be diftributed in the finders an to fame manner as the forfeitures are by the faid ftatute to be di- he tran/forted* ltributed, and the party or parties fo convicted (hall be likewife liable to the penalties and forfeitures in the faid ftatute.

V. And whereas divers keepers of for efts, chafes and parks, in breach of the trvft repofei in them, have been in confederacy with deer-/tcalcrsj whereby they have been greatly encouraged: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any keeper or keep- Keeper or era, or other officer of any foreft, chafe, purlieu, paddock, other officer wood, park or place where deer are ufually kept, (hall be con- any vidted upon the faid ftatute for killing or taking away any red or ofkiutnlany fallow deer, or being aiding or aftiftlng therein, without the deer without confent of the owner or perfons chiefly intrufted with the cufto- the owner’s dy of fuch foreft, chafe, purlieu, paddock, wood, park or place £°”fe.nt> where fuch deer (hall be killed or taken away. That then fuch each°deeri keeper or keepers, or other officer, being fo convidted, (hall for- to be levied feit the fum of fifty pounds for each deer fo killed or taken a- bydillrefti way, to be levied by way of diftrefs upon his or their goods and	-	•

chattels, to be diftributed as the forfeitures in the faid ftatute are

to be diftributed ; and for want of fuch diftrefs, that then he or

they fball fiiffer imprifonment for three years without bail or and for want

tfiainprize, and be fet in the pillory for two hours on fome mar- thereof to be

ket-day in the next adjoining town to the place where the offence

was committed, by the chief officer or officers of fuch market-	jn

town, or by his or their under-officer or under-officers.	pillory.

VI.	And whereas by the faidftatute of the third and fourth years 3 & 4 W.&M. of King William and Queen Mary fuch perfons are only to be punijh-

id with three months imprifonmenty who do in the night-time pull down or deftroy the pales or walls of any parky foreft or other ground where deer are kepty which bath been found inejfeftual to prevent mifebitfs of that nature: be it therefore enadled by the authority ararefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time pull Pcrfonsco down or deftroy, or caufe to be pulled down or deftroyed, the pdeor pales or walls of any park, foreft, chafe, purlieu, pad- ingdownth* dock, wood or other ground inclofed, where any red or fallow pah*** &c. of deer (hall be then kept, without the confent of the owner or the perfon chiefly intrufted with the cuftody thereof, that fuch per- :c^ toct^ pc_ Ion or perfons fo offending, and being convidted thereof by con- nalties of 3 & feffion or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefies, + W. & M. before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the fame county wherein the of&nce (hall be committed, (hall be fubjedt	0

E 2	unto

Digitized by Google

if1	Anno	quinto	Georgii	I.	c.	16,17,18. [tyxS.

onto the forfeitures and penalties by the faid ftatute inflidted for the killing of any one deer, in the fame manner as if he or they had been thereof convi&ed according to the faid ftatute.

CAP. XVI.

An a& for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a pen-'	ny Iteriing, upon every pint of ale or beer that (hall be vended or fold

within the town of Dunbar, for improving and prefervmg the barboar, and repairing the town houfe, and building a fchool, and other pablick. buildings there; and for,fupplying the laid town with frcih water. Continued by jo Geo. a. c. 4.

CAP. XVII.

An >61 for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or orte fixth part of a penny fterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that (hall be vended or fold within the town of Invernefs, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the faid town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there. Continued by 11 Geo. a. c. 16.

CAP. XVIII.

An aft for recovering the credit of the Britifh fifbery in foreign parts; and better fecuring the duties on fait.

WHEREAS it is found by experience, that the allowances given by the feveral a£ls of parliament relating to the duties on fait upon the exportation of fifb do much exceed the duty of fait ufed in curing the fame, which is fo far from being an encouragement to a fair trade, that it is rather an inducement to the curcrs and exporters offijb to commit feveral frauds, by curing the faidfijh in fo deficient a manner, that it will but juft fervejhe examination upon Jhipping it off, and not keep good to foreign markets, to the great dif-paragement of /fo Britifhfijhery, as well as diminution ofhisMajeftys faid duties: be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That the prefent allow-The prefent ances given by the laws relating to the duties upon fait upon the allowances gi- exportation of fifii fhall not be paid for any fifh that (hall be ex-Jhall°n the Porte^ from after f°ur an<* twentieth day of June one paid for any thoufand feven hundred and nineteen ; but that the curers of fifli exported fifh fhall from thenceforth be allowed to import foreign fait, or after 14. June, take from any falt-works or falt-pits, any fuch quantity of Bri-,7|9-	tijh fait, where the fame is allowed by law, for the curing of fifh

Curers of fi(h for exportation, as they fhall think proper for curing fifh for fo-tb^inaTufe reign markets, without paying any duty to his Majefty for the foreign fait or fame, except the cuftoms payable upon the importation there-Britifh fait	of, fuch foreign fait being landed, or fuch Britifh fait being taken

without duty, from the fa;d falt-pits or falt-works and weighed in the prefence cuttoms C °f an °®cer f°r th® duties on fait.; and fuch foreign or Brit\fh ° ‘	. fait being lodged in a warehoufe under the lock and key of the

weighed and fa,(* officer, as well as the proprietor of the faid fait: which fo-warehoufed. reign or Britifh fait fo lodged as aforefaid fhall remain in the cu-Bj 6 Geo. 1. ftody of the faid officer jointly with the faid proprietor of the {aid c is. fea. 51. fait, during all the feveral intervals of the refpeftive fifhing fea-bved^upmay f°ns 1 the proprietor or proprietors, or his or their agent or a-be turned gents, entring at the next office for the duty on fait the refpec-

tivt

Digitized by Google	I

jyiS/J Anno qundo GeoRGH I. C. iSi	53

tire quantities of foreign or Britijb fait fo lodged by him or them, *vn as ftoc* from time to time, as aforefaid ; and the faid officer keeping an m ***** account of ev ery refpeftive quantity of the faid fait fo entred and lodged in his cuftody as aforefaid ; and that at the beginning of every of the feveral fifhing feafons the proprietor or proprietors At wry ^ of the faid fait, or his or their agent or agents, (hall make oath ing feafon in writing before the officer for the duty oi\ fait, at the office proprietor to neaijeft to the place where the faid fait is lodged, declaring the ™akc Mtl? oUanrity of the foreign or Britijb fait refpe&ively lodged as afore- a^ha" it is faid; and that all the laid fait is intended for the curing of fifh for curing fith for exportation only, and (hall not by his or their order, con- for exporta-fent or connivance, diretfHy orindire&Iy, be fold, given away nr any ways delivered, but tor the purpole aforefaid ; after which tertdandex-oath fo made as aforefaid, and filed up by the faid officer in Yiis plained, and faid office for the duty on fait as aforefaia, the officer in vthok father provi-joint cuftody with the proprietor or proprietors, his or their eent or agents, the fait has continued during the interval of the * fifhing feafon, (hall deliver into the foie cuftody of the faid pro- & s Geo! 1. * prietor or proprietors, his or their agent or agents, all the faid c. 16. f. 1. U fait for rhe curing of fifh taken during the faid fifhing feafon ;11	'•

and that arthe end of every hilling feafon the officer for the faid ^hen the fait* duty on fait (hall take a particular account of the quantities of fo- to be deliver-reign m&Britifbhlx. refpe&ively remaining in hand; which remain- ed to the pro* mg fait (hall be immediately locked up in the joint cuftody of prietor. the faid officer and proprietor or proprietors, his or their agent or agents as aforefaid; and the faid proprietor or proprietors, his or their agent or agents, of the faid fait, ufing the faid fait as a-forefaid (hall, as foon as poffible, after the end of every fi(hing After filhing feafon, deliver alfo an account in writing into the faid office for feafon an ac-theduty on fait as aforefaid, containing the quantity of fifhex- co“nt to'be ported or entred and (hipped to be exported, on which the fait remTin°inC taken away after its delivery into the foie cuftody of the faid pro- fait> and'fo be prietor or proprietors, h?s or their agent or agents, has been warehoufed. ufed or confumed, together with a certificate or certificates by Proprietor to the; proper officers of the feveral ports where the faid fi(h were	8

(hipped for exportation, verifying the faid accbunt; which cer- quantity of tificates the faid officers are hereby directed to give gratis; which fifh exported laid account, delivered into the faid office as aforefaid, (hall be which tbt affirmed by the oath of the faid proprietor or proprietors ufing ™ wa* ^cd, the faid fait as aforefaid, or his or their agent or agents who have dfed the fame, and (hall remain in the faid office, to the end (hat the quantity of fifh cured for exportation and the quantity . .df fait ufed in curing the faid fi(h may, from time to time, ap-^ Jear upon oath, and be compared together$ and in cafe any of 4 (aid fait (ball be delivered over to any other perfons, and Salt delivered lifedby them in curing of fifh, the feveral quantities of fait fo de- ov*r t0 >ere4 over fliall be cxprdTed in the find account; and eachocr-. wn to whom fuch fait (hall be fo delivered, or his agent, (hall tecewifc upon oath make another account of the particular quantity of fuch fait ufed by each of them in the curing of fifh fo ex-(hipped for exportation as aforefaid $ which faid ac-

5*	Aimo quintoGEo^GM-L c. 18.

count, together with proper certificates as aforefeid, (hall like-wife be tranfmitted into the office aforefeid, there to remain for the purpofes above-mentioned: but if foch proprietor or proprietors, his or their agent or agents, or any other perfon or perfons to whom any quantity or felt (hall be by them delivered oyer as aforefeid (hall, for the fpace of fix months after the end of every refpe&ive (idling feafon, ncgledt or refufe to deliver fuch account ahefted upon oath as aforefeid, fuch proprr-etor or proprietors, and fuch other perfon or perfons as afore-Pfnalty. faid, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit forty pounds.

II. And to the end that no part of the fait delivered into the foie cvjiody of the proprietor or proprietors thereof or of his or their a-gent or agents, or by them to any other perfons, for the curing of ffb for exportation only, during the faid feveral fijhing feafons., may he fild, given envoy or otberwjfe delivered or ufed, direflly or indireeTiy, hut for the purpofe aforejaid; and to obviate the frauds which the pubfici revenue would otherwise be exp fed to by the prefent relaxation of the former laws and the indulgence intended hereby- to the fair Evwy buthel trader: be it enabled by the authority aforefeid. That for every of fait taken buftiel of felt fo taken out of the cellars or falt-works, which oat of the cd- not ^ accounted for in the manner above-mentioned, by ac^oantecTfor oat^,s of the perfons and proper certificates, or by certificate forfeits 2os. * from the juftices of the peace at the quarter-feflions, that proo£ was there made that fuch fait was put on board any boat of vef-fd for curing of fi(h at fea, and was there taken by enemies ov othei;wife loft or perilhed at fea, or (hall not be returned into,or found remaining at the end of every fifoing feafon in the cellars or warehoufes as aforefakl, the proprietor or proprietors there* of, his or their agent or agents who took out the feme, or the perfon or perfons to whom the feme or any part thereof was delivered for curing of fi(h as aforefeid, (hall refpedively, accords ,	ing to each of their refpe&ivc quantities with which they ftand

Such felt fold, accountable, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings ; and gi*m away, * every fuch perfon felling, giving away, ufing or delivering any ufedorbought, fuch felt, or confenting or being any ways privy to the felling, for curin0 fife” Svv*nS away, ufing or delivering fuch lalt, dire&ly or inch* fodfehs ala. h reftly, otherwife than fpr the purpofes aforefeid, (hall forfeit, th£ bufhcl. * pay and: undergo the penalties and punifoments herein after-mentioned; that is to fey, every proprietor of fuch felt, or his agent, for every buftiel of fuch felt fo fotd, given away, ufed or delivered, (h^ll forfeit and'pay the fum of twenty (hillings; one third part thereof to the ufe of his Majcfty, his heirs and foe-* ceffors, and the remainder thereof to fuch perfon that (hall filiform or foe for the feme; and every other perfon buying, tak* ing or ufing any fuch felt, otherwife than for the purpofes afore-faid and in the manner afore faid, (hall forfeit and pay the fum, of twenty (hillings for every buftiel of fait fo bought, delivered or ufed, and offer that rate for a greater or leffer quantity; one third part thereof for tbeufe of his Majefty, his heirs and foc-eeffors, and the remainder thereof to foch perfon or perfons that (hall inform or fue fo* the feme; which &d fum$ or pe*

nalties *

Digitized by LjOOQle

Anno quinto Georgu I. C. 18.	5$

nalties ihall be levied in fuch manner as other penalties herein after-mentioned are to be levied; or in default of payment of In default of fuch Turns, within fourteen days after conviction of luch crime, and where no fufficient effects can be found to anfwer the fame, the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall be fent to the houfe ofhoufe of cor-correCbon, there to be whipp’d, and kept to hard labour for any region, time not exceeding three months. .

. III. And for preventing the imbezillmg of fait lodged under the lock and key of the officer and proprietors during the intervals of the respective fifhing feafons; be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That for every bufhel of fuch felt fo lodged, Salt wanting which (hall either be carried away or (hall be found wanting at at re-deliver-the rc-delivering thereof into the foie cuftody of the proprietors, in& forfeit* reafonable allowances for the wafteof fuch fait being firft made, the faid proprietor or proprietors (hall forfeit twenty (hillings.

. IV. And for preventing any frauds, imbezilments or mifap-plication of any foreign (alt after it is imported or landed, and before it is ceSared and (fared up under the joint cuftody of the proprietor andth* officer for the falt-duties for curing of fifh for exportation as aforefaid, and of any Britijb fait after its being weighed and .taken away from the fait-works or falt-pits of Great Britain, and.before it is (fared and locked up by the proprietor and the officer for the falt-duties for curing of fifh for exportation* as before-mentioned} be it enaCted by the authority idorefeid, That any perfon or perfons who, from and after the Foreign fait four and twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and imbezilled af~ nineteen, (hall take away, imbezil or mifapply any foreign fait tpr importa-aftfg tforfippoftation or landing thereof, and before it is cellared anC* and ftored up for the curing of fifh as above-mentioned, (hall forfeit* ^o*. forfeit and pay tbafom of twenty (hillings for every bufhel of thebulhel/at foreign fait fo taken away, imbezilled or mifapplied/reckoqing M** to the fiich foreign fait at eighty and four pounds weight to the bufhel, and fo in proportion fora greater or lets quantity; and any per- Britifhfaltim-fon or perfons who, from and after the faid four and twentieth b«illed for-day of June one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, (hall	^jL

lake away, imbezil or mifapply any Britijb fait after it is weigh- to the baffed. gd at and carried from any fait-work or (alt-pit in Great Britain, and before it is brought unto and locked up in any cellar or Oorehoufe by the proprietor and the officer for the lalt-duties, for the curing of fifh, as directed by this aCt, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten millings for every bufhel of Britijb fait fo taken away, imbezilled or mifap-ffcikdv reckoning fuch Britijb fait at fifty and fix pounds weight lathe bufhel, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefs quantity.

rhfd whereat considerable quantities of foreign and Britifh /Bit, as alfo fame quantities of fait which has already been laid on fijb? qed returned unconfuntedy iefigtied for the curing of fijby the duties whereof are paid or fecured to be paid, are in the hands of fevera! per-dealers in fijby which quantities of fait ought to be returned unfit the lock and key of the officers of the duties on fait in England Wed tbo qffiutt of the cufioms in Scotland, and the duties thereof re--**?*:-v	E	4	paid*

Digitized by

$6	Anfto quinto GboRGH L c. i8» - .	[1718.

paid, or the fecurity given vacated and dijcharged: be it therefore Salt that hat ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That ai! fuch foreign and ta^be^ain^	fait*	as	quantities	of fait which have already

uude/ioc’k been hid on fifh and returned unconfumed, remaining in the and key of the prQper cuftody of any perfon or perfons, the duties whereof have proper officers, been paid or fecured in England on or before the firft day of before i June jtfarch one, thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, and in Scat* *7I9#	land on or betore the firft day of October one thoufand feven

hundred and eighteen, (hall be again put under the lock and key of the falt-officers in England and of the cuftom-houfe officers in Scotland refpc&ively, on or before the firft day of June one' thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, by delivering to them keys of all the cellars wherein fuch fait is lodged and cellared, and thereupon weighing the fame in the prefence of the faid , officers with all convenient diligence and without delay; and ^nturetbefe-uP°n a debenture to be prepared by the collector of his Maje-curity to be fty’s cuftoms at the port within the precinct whereof fuch fait vacated or the is lodged or cellared as aforefaid, and verified by the proper of-duties repaid, fjcer as to the quantity of fait actually cellared, the fecurity &C#	given	for the duties of the faid fait (hall be vacated ^nd difeharg-

ed5 or the duties repaid by the faid collector, if in Scotland\ or by the officers of the duties on fait, if in England, out of the monies in their hands arifing from the faid duties, fo as it appears by the fait or cuftom-houfe books, that the fait was import* ed or delivered on or before the firft day of October one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen in Scotland, or on or before the firft (a) Nineteen day of March one thoufand feven hundred and (a) eighteen in pn the record. England; and that the duties whereof were paid or ifectired to be paid; and that the proprietor of the fait, or his agent, make oath, that this is the fame fait that was fo imported or delivered 5 and in cafe there is not money in their hands fufficient to difeharge the faid debentures, then and in that cafe, upon a certificate thereof to be given gratis, the faid debentures for fait cellared in England (hall be paid by the com million ers for the .	duties	on	fait;	and	the	faid	debentures	for	fait cellared in Scat*

land (hall be paid by the commiffioners of the cuftoms or excite in Scotland*, at the option of the merchant, in the fame manner as debentures for fifn exported are now by law made payable. Aflowaneeson	And for the better encouragement of the fifhing trade of

exported!1 Great Britain, be it ena<fted by the authority aforefaid. That for all fuch fifh hereafter mentioned as (hall be exported from any port or place in Great Britain into.parts beyond the feas, by any perfon or perfons whatfoever, the rates or fums of money -hereafter exprefled, that is to fay, for every cafk or veflel of pilchards or fcads, containing fifty gallons, feven (hillings; for every hundred of codfiih, ling or hake, (except dried codfifh, ling or hake, commonly called haberdines) which (hall contain in length fourteen inches, or upwards, from the bone in the fin to the third joint in the tail of every fuch fi(h, five (hillings} for every barrel of wet codfifh, ling or hake, containing thirty *wq gallons, two (hillings; for every hundred weightof dried

Digitized by kjOOQle

57

Atirio quinto Georgii I. C* i$.

codfifh, ling or hake, commonly called haberdines, three fhik dings; for every barrel of falmon, containing forty two gallons, four (hillings and fix pence; for every barrel of white herrings, containing thirty two gallons, two millings and eight pence; for every barrel of full red herrings, containing thirty two gallons, one (hilling and nine pence; for every barrel of clean lhottenred herrings, containing thirty two gallons, one (hilling; for every laft of dried red fprats, one (hilling; and fo in proportion for a greater or lefifer quantity of all and every the faid kinds of fi(h, (hall be paid by the officer appointed to collect the duties on fait in the fame port from whence any fuch fifh (hall be exported, within thirty days after demand thereof, on a debenture to be prepared by the colle&or of the cuftoms in the port where fuch fi(h (hall be entred out for exportation, and verified by the perfon executing the office of fearcher in fuch port, as to the quantity of fi(h a&ually (hipped; and that the oath of the exporter or agent be firft taken before the principal officers of the faid port before the debenture be allowed (who afre hereby required and impowered to give the faid oath) That the fi(h in fuch debenture mentioned were Britijb taken, and really exported to or for parts beyond the feas, and not relanded.

Or intended to be relanded in Great Britain, for which debenture no fee or reward (hall be taken; and in cafe the officer hereby directed to pay fuch debenture (hall not have fufficient money in his hands to pay the fame, then upon certificate thereof by nim made (which certificate he is hereby required to give the party gratis, and without delay) the principal commiffioners for managing his Majcfty’s revenue of excife upon fait for the time being, (hall be chargeable with the faid payment, to be made in eourfe out of the firft money in their hands arifing out of the faid duties upon fait; and the (aid debentures for fi(h exported from Scotland., (hail be paid by the commiffioners of the cuftoms or fcxcife in Scotland at the option of the merchant, in the fame manner as debentures for fi(h exported are now by law made payable; and any officer neglecting or refuting to pay the faid money, or to give fuch certificate as is here directed, (hall forfeit double the fum fo to be paid, to the party grieved, to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein ho efioin, protection, or wager of law (hall be allowed; and officers to cut that it (hall and may be lawful for the officers for the faid duties off part of the on fait, upon the exportation of any codfifh, ling or hake, and of codfifh. Wore the fame (hall be laid on board for exportation, to cut off	thc

part of the tail of every foch codfifh, ling or hake, to the in-	onr

tent it may be known that fuch codfifh, ling or hake hath been exported, and allowances obtained on exportation thereof, in cafe the fame (hall be relanded or re-imported; and alfo that it and to mark fhall be lawful, upon the exportation of any pilchards, fcads,thc barrels white herrings, red1 herrings, falmon, or dried red fprats, and riwcj^piIch" before the (ame (hall be laid on board for exportation, to mark ** . * ^ fcny calk, barrel, or other veflel, Wherein any fuch pilchards, fcads, whit* herrings, red herrings, falmon, or dried red fprats,

fbal|

Digitized by

Google

5*	Anpo	qukito	Gbokgii	I.	c.\t.	[1718- ■

(hall be exported, to the intent It may be known that Inch pilchards, (cads, white herrings, red herrings, lalmon, or dried, red fprats, have been exported, and allowance obtained on expor-tation of the feme, in cafe the fame be relanded or re-imported } landed fori	that'm cak anX codfifh, ling or hake, or any pilchards, fcads,

feited. * white herrings, red herrings, falmon, or dried red fprats, (hall (after the fame (hall be exported) be fraudulently relanded in Gnat Britain, or re-imported all the faid fifh fo relanded or reimported, (hall beforfeited and loft, and double the value thereof, to be. recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof; and No allowance that no alliance (hall be paid out of the faid duties on fait for ch^tawYfifh. or 00 acaxmt cf the exportation of any fi(h that (hall not be ‘ well cured, or (hall be unmerchantable.

Officers may VII. And be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it enter into Y (ball and may be lawful for the officers for the (aid duties on (alt, warehoufes to at all times when fifh are curing, bulking or packing, and at all view the fiffi other times, in the day (or in the night in the pretence of a con-cunng, See. foye, 0r other lawful officer of the peace) to enter and come into the cellars and warehoufes of all curers of fiih, to view and infpedt them, during the time of their curing fiih; and to guage the fait when they (hall think it neceflary for the difeovering of any frauds; and to mark the calks wherein the fifh are put up Refitting offi- for exportation, and to fee them exported; and if any perfim cerforfeits 10I, or perfons (hall obftru&or hinder any of the faid officers in the performance of their duties aforefaid, then and in every focb cafe, the perfon offending therein (haU forfeit the fumof twenty pounds.

Fiffi loft or VHL And be it cna&ed. by the authority aforefaid. That (boiled before .where any fifh entitled by law to any premium or allowance the ffiip pro- upon exportation thereof, (hall be loaden for exportation, and cVo^b entrcc* and- paft by the proper officer, at any time after the allowed the twenty forth day of March one thoufond feven hundred and bounty. nineteen, and the faid fifh (ball be loft or fpoiled before the fhip’s proceeding on her voyage, as aforefaid, then the proper offices 6f the port or ports where the faid fifh fo loft or fpoiled was or (hail be entred, (hallbe obliged, upon due proof thereof made upon oath before airy of the chief officers of fuch port, who have hereby power to adminifter the fame, by the proprietor os proprietors of the laidififh, or hts or theiragents, to mabeoufc debentures for the premium; or bounty of the faid fifh, as if the feud fifh had beeh. actually exported to parts beyond the feast provided the faid fifh was funk in the fea or port where the (hid (hip dras loft, ok deftrOyerf id the fight of the propor offices where any of the; fejd> fetfv fhattedme afhore, and that no ode be made of the faid fifh’ by the proprietor or proprietors, or- his or their agents; and;Yhot thofaid officer is hereby required to canie fitch fiih to be burnt, of otherwise deftroyed; any thing m this or aay other adt to the contrary notwithstanding/ •

Provifo for the ^ whims the flip Severn GaUey cf Briftol being in the SevemGalley^ r^0tn °f Briftoi mar ahot ibr month of February cm tinufand from George Gal* bxndrtd and tight cmvcmdtbi finf George Galley ^ London being

in

Digitized by LjOOQle

f?l&] Anna quinta Gbokgi i L c. if.	5*

in Lcoftiff road in or about the month of O&ober om thousand ftaen j thc lh-hundred end feventeen^ and the Jbip James of Leith king in tbs port ja^es 0f ? of Caftan fer the ijles of Orkneys in or about the month of Decern- Leith, ber one thoufand /even hundred and thirteen* the faid flaps were, bp Jirefi of weather, or other accidents* feveraSy caft away and left in or very near the refpeftive ports where the fame were leaden* and at the times of their being refpe&ively loft, the faid Jbips were feveraUy leaden with ftjb* and ether goods, for exportation into parts beyond the feas; which feveral ladings of fijb* or part thereof* were loft and utterly foiled^ and rtndftd unfit for any market: and whereas Jama doubt oath arijen about the making out the debentures for the draw* bads or bounties for the fijh that was Jo Jpoiled* as aforefaid: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the proper officers, at the feveral ports where the (aid feveral (hips were refpe&ivdy loaden, do upon due proof by the oaths ot the refpe&ivc pro* prietors of the faid fiih, or their refpedive agents, That (uch fifh was really loft, or have beendeftroyed in the prefence of one or more of the (aid officers, after the fame had been loaden and entred out for exportation, without intention of being relanded in Great Britain (which oath the principal officer at fuch port ia hereby impowered to adminifter) make out debentures tar the* drawbacks and bounties for the faid fi(h fo loft or deftroyed, ae aforefeid, in the fame manner as is directed to be done by the feveral ads of parliament now in force for fiih really, exported into parts beyond the leas ; any ad or ads to the contrary not* with (landing.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That if any red herrings or fprats fhall, during the time of dry- herring* iqg or curing, be burnt or confumed by fire, by which means fuch red herrings or fprats (hall be rendred unfit for ufe, in to be taken as f^ch cafe the number or quantity of red herrings or fprats fo if they were burnt, confumed, or rendred unfit for ufe, (hall be computed re*^y ^P01** bof the proprietor of the faid herrings or fprats, in conjuQ&toa ed* with the felt-officer of the faid port or place, according to the beft of their (kill and judgment; which computation fo made, ami added to the account to be given in of the quantity of her* ring* or (prats exported or (hipped for exportation* (hall be accepted and taken at the< felt-office in the fame manner as if all the feud herrings Jhad been really exported.

XI.	And whereas by an alt made in the third year of the reign of

hisprefent mqtfty King George, intituled, An a& for continuing 3 CtC0, *'*•* the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the fervke of the* year one thoufand feven hundred and feventeen; and to authorise allowances to be made to certain receivers: and to obviate xdoubt concerning goods imported from the tfiands of JorJeyi*

Guamfey* Sark and Alderney; and to afeertain the duties upon*

Aeep-flrins and larab-flcins; and to prevent frauds in the. duties upon (larch; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer* bdh, lottery-tickets and orders* loft ana burnt, or deftroyed^ and for enlarging the time for adjufting claims in feveral lot* tones; and for preventing frauds in the dudes on. low wines ....	and

Digitized by v^ooQle

66	Anno quinto Georgii I. C. 18.	[1718.

abd fpirits carried coaftwife, it is enabled, That the inhabitants of the iflands 0/Terfey, Guernfey, Sark and Alderney, Jhall and may,

• - with and under fuch certificates and oaths as are therein mentioned, import into any lawful port of Great Britain, any goods, wares or merchandizes of the growth, produce and manufacture of the faii i(tends, or any of them, without paying any cuftoms, fubfidies or duties for or in refpetl thereof except fuch'txcife or other duties as is now or (hall hereafter, for the time being, be due and payable for the like goods of the growth, produce and manufacture of Great Britain : and whereas it is found by experience, that the indulgence and bounty given by the Jaid aft, has been an occafton of tempting many evii-difpofed perjons to bring in great quantities of French fait from Guernfey, under a pretence that the fame was of the produce of that ifland, by certificates, which are fence difcovered to be forged, to the After May	£**** prejudice of the revenue, and the diminution of the trade af the

1719.	Salt im-	fait in Great Britain : be it enadted by the authority

ported from aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of May one thou-Jcrfey, &c. fand feven hundred and nineteen, all fait imported from any of to^thefaun?C ^ iflands (hall be liable to the fame duties upon the im-duties as other Partition thereof as any other foreign fait whatfoever. foreign fait. XIL And whereas the laws and aCls of parliament in Scotland, Allowance for rtferved in force by the eighth article of union, do, among other things oomd^ftwn ena^'» That the herring-barrel Jhall contain eight gallons two pints, Scotland in*	meafure, which amounts only to nine and twenty gallons, three

barrelsot Scots pints, one gill and an half Englifh wine-meafure in confluence guage before i whereof all the herring barrels made in Scotland fines the union, as May 1719, wen as faffe, bwe been made according to the aforefaid Jlandard% and great numbers of fuch barrels remain now in fand: and whereas doubts have arifen in Scotland about the payment of the prefent allowances upon white herrings exported, unlefs they are put up and packed in barrels, containing precifely thirty-two gallons, Englifh wine-mea-fure; and alfo about the payment of proportionable allowances for balf-barrels, howfoever convenient for jlowage the faid half-barrels are; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the prefent allowance of ten (hillings five pence per barrel of white herrings (hall be paid for all herrings exported from Scotland in barrels of the Scots guage before-mentioned, and proportionally for half-barrels -r provided the fald herrings have been or (hall be exported on or before the firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred , and nineteen.

The propor- XIII. And forafmuch as great inconvenience would arife to the lion of the	owners of the faid herring barrels remaining now in hand, Jbculd the ufe

Scots barrel to thereof be difalkwed, or no premium be granted upon herrings there-the Engufti. m exported: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the premiums granted by this adfc upon white herrings (hall and may be paid upon herrings exported in the aforefaid barrels, in fuch proportion as the guage of the faid barrels bear to thirty two gallons Englifh wine-meafure, provided the faid barrels be filled with herrings on or before the firft day of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty.

JCIV. And whereas divers merchants have exported feveral quanta

ties

Digitized by Google

t7i8.J

Anno quinto Georgit I, c. 18.

61

ties of fahnon in barrels or boxes that were neither agreeable to the ^mon ^ Scotch or Englifh laws, and the officers of the cujloms having guaged p0rtcd in un-the faid barrets or boxes, have given debentures for the allowance or finable bar-drawback in proportion to forty two gallons, Englifh winc-meafure, rels. wherein no circumjlames of fraud do appear: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid; That the faid debentures (hall and may be paid and fatisfied in fuch manner as they ought to have been, if fuch exportation had been made and carried on according to the rules and directions of the law.

aV, And for preventing the like miftakes and irregularities The contents for the future, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, of the herring That from and after the firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, the contents of the.herring and falmon barrel (hall be the fame throughout the whole united kingdom of Great Britain; that is to fay, the herring-barrel (hall contain thirty two gallons, and the falmon-barrel forty-two gallons; and that all exportation of falmon or herrings in barrels of a different fize or content, the empty herring-barrels now in hand excepted, (hall be adjudged ana taken to be an unlawful exportation, and (hall not entitle the exporter to any premium in refpeft of the fame.

XVI.	Provided neverthelefs, forafmuch as it may be convenient . for the merchants, for the better ftowage in the Jbips in which fuch exportation of herring or falmon is made, to pack up feme part thereof exported m in half barrels: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That hatf-barrels. it (hall and may be lawful to export herring or falmon in halfbarrels, according to the proportion of the barrels above-mentioned refpeftively, but in no other barrels or cafks of any other

fize or content whatsoever; and they (hall, by virtue of this aft, be entitled to a proportionable premium or drawback for every fuch half-barrel, videlicet, half what they would be entitled to m cafe the exportation had been made in whole barrels.

XVII.	Andwhercafby the faid laws relating to the duties on fait ‘ it is provided, That no perfon whatfoever /ball make ufe of any brine

for the pickling or curing of any f/h or flejh, or for preferving of any forcuringflelk provifions, before the fame is boiled into fait: for the better prevent- or fifti to for. ing frauds therein, be it further enafted by the authority afore- feit 40s. per faid. That every perfon who (hall carry or convey or caufe any 8aUon* brine to be carried or conveyed from the pits (other than fuen perfon or perfons who are known proprietors of pans for boiling the fame into white fait) (hall forfeit and lofe the fum of forty (hillings for every gallon of brine fo carried and conveyed, and fo oroportionably for a greater or leffer quantity.

XVIII.	And whereas by an atl of parliament made in the fecond

and third years of the reign of her late majefy Queen Anne, intituled, *«3An|*»c f4-

An aft for the better fecuring and regulating the duties upon fait,

it is provided, That in cafe any Jbip or vejfel Jbould come into any port

of England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, from Ireland

or any other foreign part, having on board any quantity of fait, which

was taken in only for the neceffary provifions of the Jbip for fueh

voyage, or for curing of fifbj it jbould be lawful for the majler of

fuch

Digitized by

Google

6g	Anno	quinto Georgii 1.1.i&.	[171®*

fuch flap or vejjel to land the fait, fo as an entry Jhould he madit thereof within ten dap after his firft coming into fuch post, and the duties paid down or fecured for the fame before the fame or any part thereof jhould be landed or taken out of any Jhip or veffel\ neverihelefi for want of fufficient penalties to inforce obedience thereto, fevered wafers of veffels, who fince the making the faid aft have imported fuch fait, have refufed or neglefted to enter and pay the duties for the fait by them fo imported as aforefaid, within the time limited by the faid **	11	therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That

uTfor ne- *n ca^c any ma^er any A^P OT veflel, who (hall, after the ceflknr provi-twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and lion for the nineteen, import or bring into any port or place of Great Britain, voyage, or for from	0r any other foreign part, anv quantity of fait which

no^entred in*was ta^en in onty ^or the neceflary provinons of the ihip for fuch ten days, for- voyage, or for curing of fi(h as aforefaid, (hall refufe or negled 'fated and to enter and pay or fecure the duty for the fame, within ten double the va- days after his firft coming into any fuch port or place, and before *uc#	the fame or any part thereof (hall be landed or taken out of any

fuch (hip or veflel, all the fait fo imported (hall be forfeited and loft, and the matter or other perfon, commander of the (hip or veflel wherein any fuch fait (hall be imported, or the owner or importer of fuch fait, (hall likewife forfeit double the value thereof.

Mb owner XIX. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid* ftlt-works to That no proprietor or owner of falt-works, or who (hall have ce In^mat^anyintere^ *n>or any rcnt> P1*0^ or benefit referved upon, ifiii-^C«lating ing out or any ways ^fing by any falt-pits, falt-works, (lore-to fait duties, houfes or other places made u(e of by any maker, refiner, importer or dealer in fait, (hall aCt as a juftice of the peace in any matter or thing relating to the duties on fait, or any offence committed againft the laws relating to the fame.

XX.	And be it further enaCted, That all and every matter rarrying faltPan<* commander of any (hip or veflel whatfoever, that from and from Scotland after the four and twentieth day of June one (houfand feven to England,or hundred and nineteen (hall transport or carry any foreign fait oMitwife, (ball frotn Scotland or any of the ifland9 thereunto belonging into ^e^parricu- England, or from any one place or port to any other port or urof the fait" place within the kingdom of Great Britain, (hall, before he or to the falt-of- they land or deliver mch fait op fhore (by him fo tranfported or ficer on oath, carried) deliver to the officers for collecting the duties on fait in the faid port or place appointed to receive thi fame, a true particular of the quantity fo tranfported and carried as aforefaid, figned by the officers for collecting the faid duties on fak, and by the officers of the cuftoms for the port or place from whence the faid (hip or veflel came; and then the matter or his mate, or the boatfwain of fuch (hip or veflel (hall make oath Jjc-fore the commiffioners for collecting the faid duties on fait or their officers, fome or one of them (who are hereby impowered to adminifter the fame without fee or reward) that to his knowledge there hath not been laid on board or taken into the faid (hip or veflel any (alt fince he or they came from fuch port as a-

forc-

Digitized by t^oosle

1718.3	Anno quinto GeoRGH I. t. iff.	6$

fbrefaid ; and in cafe fuch (hip or veflel be to deliver one part of her fak at one port and another part at another port or ports, that then the officers for collecting the iaid duties, and officers of the cuftoms where fuch fait (hall be delivered, (hall certify on the backfide of the cocquet, Tranfire or other warrant, or elfe by certificate only under the hands and feals of the officers, how much and what quantity of the fait mentioned in the cocquet,

Tranfire or other warrant, from the port from whence fuch (hip or veflel came, hath been there landed and delivered, upon the penalty of forfeiting double the value of the fait that (hall be other wife delivered, and ten (hillings per bu(hel.

XXI.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be. Salt-officers lawful to and for the officer and officers of the faid duties on fait, jpay demand a at every unlading port or creek of fuch (hip or veflel, to go on Cocquet ^nd board the fame before the delivery thereof, and to demand a ^igh the fclt. fight of fuch cocquet fo to be given as aforefaid, and to weigh

the fait upon unlading the fame ; and if the fait on the weighing the fame (hall be found to be more in weight than what is con*	/

tained in the faid cocquet, that then the furplufage that (hall exceed the quantity contained in the faid cocquet, (hall be forfeited; the one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majefly, his heirs and fucccflors, and the other moiety thereof to the perfon that (hall inform or fue for the fame; and if the mailer of fuch Mailer reftif-fhip or veflel (hall refufe to (hew unto fuch officer the faid coc- injg,officermay quet, upon due requeft made, to the end he may fee whether f«ze the fait the fait fo unlading be the fame quantity with that contained in tll^oc2'}clr the cocquet, That then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for pr uc 9 c" the faid officer to feize the faid fak and detain the fame, until the faid cocquet be produced: provided always. That if the faid cocquet, having been duly taken out, be not (hewn to fuch officer in fopr days after the ieizure thereof, That then and in fuch cafe the fait fo feized (hall be forfeited.

XXII.	And whereat the importers of foreign fait do, after they come into port, and before they enter and land the fame, or proceed further on their voyage to fome other port, frequently run fait in boats and other fmatt vejfels in the night-time; and if the officers iifeover the fame, the perfsns on board fuch boats or other vejfels not only refufh to Juffer the officers to come on board to fee if they haOe any fait in their vejfels, but frequently beat and abufe them: be it enabled by

the authority aforefaid, That from and after the four and twen- 0f tf,e tieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, it cuftoms or (alt fhall and may be lawful to and for the officers of the cuftoms, may 20 on or the officers of the duties on fait, and every of them, to go on board any vef-board any boat, lighter or other veflel lying in any port or place there be^ny er riding upon the fea-coafts, and to fearch the fame, and to fee fait there, «c. if there be any fait on board, and to feize fuch fait, in cafe the feme be found inr any other veflel thart that wherein fuch fait was imported or brought into the faid port or place, unlefs the feme had been duly entred of the duties paid or fecured; and all fuch fait (hall be forfeited and loft, or the value thereof, to be recovered of the mailer or owner of fuch boat or veflel, who

(hall

a

Digitized by LjOOQle

64	%	Anne	quinto Georgii I. c. iS. £17*8,

(hall likewife be liable to all other penalties and forfeitures* a9 if the fame had been landed without entring or payment of the Hind ring offi- duty; and every perfon or perfons who lhall obftru& or hinder ccrforfeitt+ol. any officer or officers in going on board any fuch boat or veflel and fearching the fame, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and* lofe the fum of forty pounds.

XXIII.	And whereas by an alt made in the fecond year of the Recital of the reitn °f h*r twjejly Queen Anne, intituled. An ad for the falt-ad, * & 3 better fecuring and regulating the duties on fait, reciting, That Ann. c. if. gnat fums of money were paid out of the duties upon fait on account

pf debentures for fait Jhipped to be exported to foreign parts, which Jalt was afterwards very often fraudulently relanded on the coafls of England and Wales: it is ena&ed. That no fait whatfoever, being of the produce or manufa&ure of Englahd, Wales, Berwick upon Tweed, Scotland or Ireland, nor any other fait coming from Ireland, Scotland or the Ifle of Man Jhall, after the firjl day of June one thoufand feven hundred and four, be imported or brought into any port or place within England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, nor taken out of any Jhip or vejfel, nor put on /bore within any of the fend ports or places, upon pain that all the fait fo imported or brought in, taken out of any Jbip or vejfel, or landed or put on /bore contrary to the true intent and meaning thereof, Jhall be forfeited and loft\ and that the Jbip or vejfel in which any fuch fait /hall be fo imported or brought in, or out of which any fuch fait Jball be taken or put on Jbore, together with all her tackle and apparel, /ball alfo be forfeited and lofl\ and every perfon that /ball take any Juch fait out of any fuch /hip or vejfel, or carry the fame on /bore, or convey the fame from the Jhore when landed, or be aiding or ajfjling therein, /hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence or fuffer fix months imprifonment: and whereas fome doubts have arifen, whether Englifh fait, which is not actually exported to parts beyond the fens, but only put on board boats, barges, /hips or other vtffels, in order to be exported, be within the intent and meaning of the faid a&, although the revenue in fuch cafe is liable to as great frauds: and whereas great frauds are frequently committed in relanding fi/h after the fame are exported or Jhipped to be exported, for want of a juffi-m n si* dent provtfion: for preventing thereof, be it enadedbythe.au-afterbeingput t^lor*ty aforefaid. That no fait or rock-felt whatfoever, nor any on boardf to herrings, pilchards, fcads, codfifh, ling, hake, falmon, or be taken out dried red fprats whatfoever (hall, after the feme be put on board orputonfhore, boat, barge, fhrp or veflel whatfoever, in any river, port fcncTof a Fit"or P*acc *n Great Britain, in order to be exported to parts beyond officer. the feas, from and after the four and twentieth day of June one thoufend feven hundred and nineteen, be taken out of fuch boat, barge, (hip or veflel, otherwife than to put fuch fitti into the (hips in which the feme are to be exported, nor put on (hore within any of the faid ports or places, except in the prefence of fome officer of the felt-duties, under the feme penalties and forfeitures as in and by the faid laft recited ad is directed and appointed.

XXIV,	And whereas the importers of foreign fob do frequently

run

Digitized by

I7i8<} Anno quinto Georgii Lc,i}»	65

run tie fame on Jbore without entry or payment of duty; which evU* & t Ann. c.

practice might in a great meafure be prevented^ if niorefuitable penal* *+•

ties were providedfor difcouraging the fame: be it therefore enabled foore before

by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any foreign fait (hall entry, forfeits

be landed or put on (hore before due entry be made thereof with 100U

the collector or officer appointed for the laid duties on fait in

the port or place where the fame (hall be imported, or before

the duty thereon be fully finished and paid, or without a war*

rant for the landing thereof, every perfon who (hall land or

put the fame on (hore, or convey the fame from the (hore when

landed, or be aiding or affifting therein, (hall, over and above

the penalties already given by law for fuch offence, forfeit and

lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXV.	And whereas in the laws relating to the falt-duties it is On refMpping

provided, That fait Jbipped to be carried coajhvife from one port to of falt^inafter, another Jhall not be landed till the mailer hath produced a certificate	&	6	w!	’

the quantity of fait put on board at the port from whence he came, and & m? c. 7. bath made bath, that there bath not been any fait taken in fince\ but fe&. 9. 9 & 10 there is no provifion made to regulate boats and barges that take in fait ^ 3* c- 44*

to be carried down any river, in order to be put on board any Jbip as aforefaid: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That upon the re(hipping any fait, Britijh or foreign, or any rock-felt, from any boat, barge, trow, lighter or other veflei into any other (hip or veflei, and before any difpatches be granted for the (alt fo reihipped, the mafler, mate, chief bargeman or chief boatman, that comes along with the fait that isr to be.

(hipped on board another veflei, (hall make oath before the of* ficer of the falt-duties (who is hereby impowered to adminiftef the fame) that all the fait or rockTalt that he took in or loaded at the place of loading (mentioning the quantity) is truly re*

(hipped on board the veflei that he (hall re (hip it on, and that there was no fait or rock-falt added to it or taken from it at fuch place of loading, or (ince be came from it, to the bed of bis knowledge and belief, under the penalty of forfeiting double the value of the fait that (hall be otherwise reihipped, and like-wife ten (hillings per butfiel.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Diftributioitof That all penalties and forfeitures given by this ad, or any forfeitures* other law relating to the duties upon (alt (except where it is o*

therwife direded by this ad) (hall be diftributed in manner fol-lowing (that is to fay) one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and focceflors, and the other moiety to the officer and officers who (hall fcize, fue or inform for the fame, to be fued for, recovered and levied, in fuch manner and form, and with fuch

ppuer of mitigation, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture may be filed for, recovered, levied and mitigated by any law of excife, or by a&ioa of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his. MajcftyV courts of record at IVeJlminfter-, and all and every officer and officers for the faid duties on fait, are hereby authorized and impowered to feize all fait and other things which by this. of any ocher ad or law relating to the duties qd Jalt are declarca So be forfeited.

V«i.. XIV*	F	XXVII. And

Google

fSeneral iffue.

S Ann. Cr 4.

Farther proui-Jhns made con-ctruing the matters in tbit • *8y by 6 Geo. x. c. 4, & 10

* **./•*•

0	_

Anno quinta Georgii I. C. 19.	(171^

XXVn. And be it ena&ed bjr the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time be hied or profccuted for any thing by him or them done*or executed, inpurfuance of this or any other ftatute relating to the duties upon (alt, or the powers thereby given, he or they (hall or may plead the general iffue, and give this a<5fc and the fpeeial matter in evidence for his defence; and if upon trial a verdidt pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuit, dif-continue, or forbear profecuting the faid adions, then fiich defendant or defendants (hall have double cofts to him or them a-warded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, for which cofts he (hall have remedy, as in other cafes where cofts are by law given to defendants.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for redeeming the fund appropriated for payment of the lottery-tickets which were made forth for the fervid of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ten, by a voluntary fubfcription of the proprietors into the capital ftock of the South-Sea company •, and for raffing a fum of money to pay off fuch debts and incumbrances as are therein mentioned \ and for appropriating the fuppUes granted in this feffton of parliament; and to limit times for profc-cutions upon bonds for exporting cards and dice.

MOST gracious Sovereign, Whereas by an aft of parGammt made and poffed in the eighth year of the reign of her late mm-fifty Queen Anne, of tteffed memory, intitvledy An adt for continuing part of the duties upon coals, culm and cynders, and granting new duties upon houfes having twenty windows or more, to raife the fum of fifteen hundred tloufand pounds, by way of a lottery, for the fervice of the vear one thoufand feven hundred and ten, it was enaftedy That for and during the term of thirty two years, which commenced from the twenty ninth day of September m the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and teny there Jbouli be raifedy levied, collected, and paid to her find late Majefty* her heirs and Jucceffors,for and upon all eoals9 culm and cinders therein exprtff-ed. (except charcoal made of wood) the fevered and refpeftive additional or new impojitionsy rates, duties and fums of money, in that aft particularly mentioned; and for and upon every dwelHng-boufe inhabited* that then was, or thereafter Jhould be ertfted or built within the kingdom of Great FLnxasny-bctving twenty windows or mrty the feveral new duties in that aft exprtffed: and it was thereby enafteiy That yearly and every year, during the faid term, the full fum of one hundred thirty five thoufand poundsy by or out of the monies to arife by the laid feveral and refpeftive duties, and to be brought into the receipt 0/ the exchequer, in cafe the fame Jhould extend tbereuntOy Jhould be the whole and intire yearly fiend 5 and in cafe all the monies arijtng into the exchequer of or for the faid duties, Jhould mt amount to one hundred and thirty Jive tboufatii pounds per annum, then the mardes fa arifim^ Jo far as the fame, would extend, Jbouli be part of the yearly fund for

Digitized by LjOOQle

Anfto quintd GEofcGii 1. c. 19. tend towards anfwtringar paying tbt annuities therein after mention-ferf; and in cafe the find duties jbould at any time or times appear to pe fo deficient or low in the produce of the fame, as that within any one year the find monies arifing into the exchequer for Or upon account rif the fame duties, Jbould not amount to fio much as one hundred thirty Jive thoufand pounds, or to fo much as fl>ould be fufficient to difchargt andfatisfy all the annuities by that aft appointed or intended to be paid* iuithin or for the fame year refpeftively, That then and fo often, tend in eyery fucb cafe, Jo much as jhould be wanting to male up tba fetidfund for every year or any fucb years Jbould be fuppMed and made goof from time to time, out of the firft aid to be granted in parliament next after futh deficiencies Jhould appeary and jhould from time to timer he transferred thereunto as foon as the fame Jhould be granted: and it was thereby enaftedy That it Jhould and might be lawful for any per-fon or perJonsr natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute for or towards advancing the fum of fifteen hundred thou-fand pounds therein mentioned, by paying at or before the firft day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ten, to the receiver or receivers to bi appointed for that purpofe, the fum of ten pounds, or divers entire Jums of ten pounds upon that aft, for which he, jhe or theyy for thirty two yearly Jbould be entitled to receive a Jhare or dividend of the faid yearly fund\ and that lottery-tickets Jbould be prepared and scrawny and the Jbares of the adventurers in the faid fund Jbould be determined and ascertained in the manner thereby preferibed, as by % Ann. c. a the faid afty relation being thereunto had, may more largely appear: and whereas thefum of fifteen hundred thoufand pounds was contributed upon the fail afty and the annuities.payable out of the faid fiend by virtue thereof \ do amount as is herein after mentioned (that is to fay) to the fum of thirty two thoufand fix hundred twenty five pounds per annum, payable half-yearly, to wity at Lady-day and Michaelmas, by equal portions, or within twenty days after every fuch feaft-dajy in refpeft of the fortunate tickets5 and to toe fum of one hundred and two thoufand three hundred feventy three pounds and twelve Jhillings per annum, payable at Michaelmas yearlyy or within twenty days after the fame feaft-dayy in refpeft of the tickets which did not prove to be fortunate upon drawing of the faid lottery, pur-ficant to the faid aft: and whereas other tickets, commonly called fay-tickets y direfted by the find afty have been made forth for payment of the faid refpeftive annuities at the refpeftive times before-mention-edy and all the faid annuities posable out of the faid fund are fads fie d until and for the feaft of St. Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fcventcek, and no further; and the fum of one hundredfixty eight thoufand feven hundred forty eight pounds and five fbillingSy is due and in arrear thereupotiy by computing the fame annuities for one year and a quarter of a year from the faid feaft of St. Michael the archangel one thoufand feven hundred and feven teen, until and for the feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrifi one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen: and whereas the eapital or joint-flock of the governor and compart* of merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South-Seas and other parts of Amt-rica, cried for encouraging'the fifberyy doth now amount to tbi fum of

F 3	ten

Digitized by LjC ?le

6,8

J Geo. i.c.

Anno qijinto GeqRGU I. c. 19.	{1718.

-to* millions, aarf ia refpeft thereof a yearly fund of five hundred thoufand pounds is payable to the faid governor and company, a fur the rate of jive pounds per centum per annum, befides a yearly Jum of eight thoufand pounds, for or towards the charges of the Jaid governor and company for management, Juhjeft nevcrthelefs to fiuh provifoes and powers of redemption, as are contained in one aft of 9. parliament of the third year of your Majejly's reign, made (omomgfi other things) for redeeming the yearly fund of the South-5ea com* pany, being then after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum* and fettling on the faid company a yearly fund after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, as by the feveral afts of parliament, whereupon the faid capital or joint flacky and the faid yearly fund offive hundred thoufand pounds, and the fail yearly Jum of eight thoufand pounds, and the faid powers of rrdemp-tion, are grounded, relation being thereunto Jeverally bad, may mar* fully appear: and whereas the corporation of the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, is wiUing (upon fuch terms* conditions and encouragements, as are hereafter in and by this aft provided and enabled) to permit all and every or any fuch perfons as are* or at any time before the twentieth day of June one thoufand fevm hundred and nineteen jhall be the proprietors of the faid lottery-oao-putties, or any of them, for the refidue of the Jaid term of thirty-two years, (that is to fay) for twenty three years and three .quarters of a year, to be reckoned from the feajl of the birth of our Lord Chrifi one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen (in cafe fuch proprietort, or any of them, do fo think fit) to fubfcribe his, her or their right* property and intereJl,for and during all fuch remaining tune or term of and in every or any fuch annuity or annuities, and of and in a&bis* her or their faid pay-tickets for the fame, during fuch reftdual time or term, into a book or books to be provided, as hereafter in this aft is direfted, at the rate of eleven years purchafe and a half, fa that ha* Jbe or tbev fo fubfcribing, for every twenty Jbillings per annum fo fubfcribed for the faid time or term of twenty three years and three quarters of a year, Jhall have and be entitled to eleven pounds and tern Jhillings in the capital or joint-Jlock of the faid company, when the faid capital or joint-Jlock Jhall be increafed, according to the purport and true meaning of this aft, and proportionally for any greater or leffer annuities which Jhall be fo fubfcribed; and the faid corporation is alfm willing (upon the faid terms, conditions and encouragements hereinafter mentioned) to permit all and every, or any fuch perfons as are, or at any time before the faid twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, Jhall be proprietors oj the faid fum of one hundred Jixty eight thoufand feven hundred forty eight pounds and fivn Jbillings, computed to be in arrear, as aforefaid, or any part thereof* to fubfcribe the fame into the faid book or books, fo that every fuch fub-feriber, for thefumfo fubfcribed in part of theJaidfum of one hundred fixty eight thoufand Jeven hundred forty eight pounds and Jive Jhit-lings, Jhall have and be entitled to the like fum in the faid increafed capital flock of the faid company, according to the purport and trtu meaning of this aft: and in order to raife money to be applied towards dijeharging the principal and interejl of fuch national debts

Digitized by

Google

1718.] Anno quinto Georgii I. c. 19.	69

bnd incumbrances as were incurred before the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen, declared to be national debts, and provided for by afts of parliament, the faii corporation is alfo willing to advance and pay the Jum of feven hundred feventy eight thoufand feven hundred and fifty pounds, or fo much thereof as is herein after limited and appointed, at fuck times9 and by fucb proportions at a time, as are herein after mentioned, fub-je& neverthelefs to fuch deductions, defalcations hnd abatements to be made out of the fame, as are hereafter in and by this aft allowed: now we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds the Proprietors of commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being de- lottery-ticket* firous that the proprietoYs of the faid lottery-annuities, and fhey thS ht) the faid arrearages thereof (if they or any of them fo think fit) fubicribe the may be permitted voluntarily to fubfcribe the fame into the fame into the flock and increafed (lock of the faid company, as aforefaid; South-Sea and that the faid fum of feven hundred feventy eight'thoufand	of

feven hundred and fifty pounds, or fo much thereof as (hall 77g,75ol.tobe be payable by the faid company in purfuance of this ad, applied to dif-may be applied towards difeharging the principal and intereft c.hv$c/*?“ of inch national debts and incumbrances as were incurred before JJ,curr^b^ the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred fore »5Dcc. and fixteen, declared to be national debts, and provided for by 1716. ads of parliament; and being willing to give fuitable encouragements to the faid corporation in confideration thereof, do moft humbly prefent to your Majefty the feveral impofitions, rates and duties nerein after mentioned, and do humbly pray your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enaded by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all fuch Duties on feveral and refpedive impofitions, rates and duties, for and up- coals and on all coals, culm and cinders, and for and upon every dwelling- houfes * ^iuu boufc inhabited, that now rs or hereafter (hall be ereded or built rerpetuaL* within the kingdom of Great Britain, having twenty windows ^ or more, as were granted, impofed, continued or directed by the fiud a& of the eighth year of her faid Majefty’s reign for the •term or terms of years therein mentioned (except as therein is excepted) (hall continue, and be paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors for eyer, for the purpofes in this ad prefcribed and direded; and (hall be raifed, levied, colleded and dutic$ paid to his'Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in the fame man- how to be ner, and method and form, and at fuch places, and by fuch railed, hiles, ways and means, and under fuch penalties, forfeitures and disabilities as are mentioned, expreffed or referred unto,*	^

in or by the faid recited aft of the eighth year of her faid late Majefty’s reign; and that all the powers, authorities, rules, di-. ledwns, penalties, forfeitures, disabilities, claufes, matters and things whatfoever, contained in the faid ad of the eighth year g Ct ^ of her faid late Majefty’s reien, or thereby referred unto, now beimj in force for railing, coTleding, levying, recovering, an-fwcnng, paying, and accounting for the faid ieveral impofitions,

F 3	rates*

Digitized by

Google

The money to be. paid into theexchequer.



All the monies pfthefe duties, after Chrift-jnas 1718, appropriated.

I Ann. c. j..



Anno quinto GeoRGH I. C, 19.	{*7^;

rates, duties and Turns of money, as well upon coals, culm and cynders, as upon houfes having twenty windows or more, during the term or terms aforefaid (except as is before excepted) (hall be revived, and be for ever continued, praCtifed, and put in execution, for raifing, collecting, levying, recovering, anfwering* paying and accounting for the faid feveral impofitions, rates pnd duties, by this aCt intended to be continued and made perpetual, for the purpofes in and by this aCt prefcribed and directed, in the fame manner, and as fully and effectually, as if the fame powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures! di fatalities, daufes, matters and things, were particularly and pt large fet down and re-enaCted in this aCt; the faid aCt ofthe eighth year of her faid late Majefty’s reign, or any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithstanding $ neverrhelefs the faid feveral impofitions, rates, duties and fums of money by this a& intended to be continued and made perpetual, as aforefaid, (halj be fubjeCt to fuch provifoes and powers of redemption* as art hereafter in and by this aCt contained and prefcribed of and concerning the fame.

II. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefeid. That all the monies arifing of or for the faid impofitions, rates and duties hereby intended to be continued and made perpetual, fubjeCt to fuch redemption, as aforefaid, (except the neceflary charges of raifing, collecting, levying, recovering, anfwering, paying, and accounting for the fame) mall, from time to time, be brought into the receipt of the exchequer for the ufes and purpofes in this aCt prefcribed; and (hall, from time to titno, be fairly and diftinCtly entred and regiftred in one Or more book or doors to be kept in the offices of the auditor of the receipt, and clerk of the pells, feverally, for that purpofe, to which all perion$ concerned, at all feafonable times, (hall have free acceft without fee or charge.	^.

Ilf. And it & hereby alfo enaCted, That all the monies, tfhich from and after the faid feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift one thoufandTeven hundred and eighteen (hall be brought into the excheouer, or (hall be then remaining there, of dr for the ttd feverai impofitions, rates and duties, by this and the fafcl former aCt of the eighth year of her late Majefty's feign, or either of them, granted or continued, as aforefaid, (except the neceffitfjr charges of iffuing and applying the faid monies to the ufes and purpofes by this aCt intended and directed, and rendring the accounts thereof, and after paying or referving in the nechequer, monies fufficient to pay all arrears of the (aid pay-tickets due, at and for or before the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel one jthoufand feven hundred and feventeen) (hall be and are herCbjr appropriated, and (hall be ifluedand applied to and for the faction of fuch feveral apd refpeCtive payments as are by this tSt jdireCted, in their due effder, method and form, and with fuch preferences, and fubjeCt to fuch redemptions, as are in and by this aCt prefcribed of and concerning the feme refpeCVvely, ana ytithout any fee or charge whaifoever to be demanded erf, or

paid

Digitized by v^ooQle

t?i&} Anno quinto GeoROU I, c. 19.	ji

paid bftbe vdpe&ive pcrfons or corporations who are to receive the (aid monies; and that the refpe&ive officers of the exchequer, who £hall make any delay in iffuing or paying of the fame*. Penalty on ex-or (hall be guilty of diverting or mifapplying any of the faid chequer offi-monies, contrary to this a<Si, for any fuch offence (hall be fore- ap* fudged from their refpedtive offices or places, and be rendred F' ipcapabfc to ferve his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, any office or employment of truft or profit whatfoever, and (hall alfo jbe liable to pay double the value of any fum or Aims of money fo delayed, diverted or mifapplied, to the party grieved; to be recovered by a&on of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fuit or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjltr, therein no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one Imparlance (hall be granted or allowed, a

(fteafhry to appoint managers for the fubferiptions, frc. Managers td feftpare books for fubfcriptioas. Subfcribers to have tree accefs to thole books* EXP*

VI.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch Proprietors of perfons or corporations, being proprietors of all or any of the the lottery, {aid. lottery-annuities, for the faid term of twenty three years ^fet*™ay apd three quarters of a year, who are or (hall be willing or de- [bcmumler a pfous to accept (m lieu thereof) a (hare or (hares, to be com- proper predated liter the rate of eleven years purchafe and an half, of and face in the jp, the capital frock of the (aid company, when it (hall be in-1***8-pceafed, according to the purport and true meaning of this §&} aiyUhat fuch perlbns or corporations being proprietors of ptl or any part of the faid arrears computed Apr the year and p.quarter, ending at the faid feaft of the birth ofour Lord Chrifr one thoufand men hundred and eighteen, amounting to the film .of one hundred fixty eight thoufand feven hundred forty gigbt pounds and five (hillings, as aforefaid, be the fame more gurlfu, ifboa^e or (hall be willing and defirous to accept (in £^4baeoQ a (hire or Ifiares (equal to the amount of fuch his, afim atuntoi her or tbpr arrear) of and in the faid jncreafed frock of the faid with manat** company, (ballor may bythemfelves jefpeftively, or by fuch^.*7>34*J[\4* gafia or perions as they refpeCUvely (hall think fit to imploy or

in 4 this hebajf, fubferibe fuch annuity for the faid term of * once of this ofy Jtwyty three years and three quarters, and fuch arrears incur- and a further lo be computed until and for the faid feaft of the birth off** **p*rfu-pir Lord Chrifr one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, or ^ 6

thereof, under a proper preface or,prefaces, in the book	* **.	<

~*s to bp opened for that purpofe, as aforefaid, by fub-; tbpir names and places of abode, with other groper ad* within the time before-mentioned,

>, See, may make fubfcribtions for teftators, &c. Subfcribers to

___ ear iTftmes oii the backfide of the pay tickets. Pay-tickets fo hi-

^MHM^lsbt delivered up, and receipts to t>e given for them. Bearers sf iSkli its, &c. to be deemed the lawful owners. Managers by i*

JSo^fyff* to give duplicates of the fubferiptions to the auditor of the rt-mwohi with fubferiptions to the direftors gf the South S&*

-

Digitized by

Google

7*

Subscribers entitled to (hares in the South-Sea encrcafed ftodu

Anno quinto Georgii I. c. 19.'	(1718.’

company. Pay-ticfcet* indorsed, with a duplicate of the books, to be de~

Jive red to the anditor. Treafury to tranGnit attefted lifts of annuities, &c. not fubfcribed, to the company’s cafliier, by 25 March 1720. EXP,

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That aU and every perfon and pcrfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, by or for whom fuch fubfcriptions (hall be made as aforefaid, and for which the pay-tickets mall be delivered up as aforefaid, his, her and their executors, adminiftra-tors,*fucceflbrs and affigns refpedtively (hall have and enjoy, and be entitled to have and enjoy, of and in the faid increased capital or joint (lock of the faid company, fuch refpe&rve (hares as are herein after-mentioned, that is to fay, for the faid term of twenty three years and three quarters of a year, fo fubfcribed, of and in every or any fuch annuity, a (hare to be computed after the. rate of eleven years and an half, amounting to eleven pounds ten (hillings tor every twenty (hillings per annum, and proportionally for luch greater or lefler annuities; and for every turn of money fo fubfcribed, as part of the (aid fum, computed to amount to one hundred fixty eight thoufand feven hundred forty eight pounds and five (hillings, in arrear as aforefaid, a (hare equal to the amount of the fum fo fubfcribed; and in re-fpe& of fuch (hares (hall be deemed ahd taken to be members of the faid corporation of the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fi(hery ; and be incorporated into the fame; and (hall, in proportion to the fame (hares refpedtively, have and be entitled to the like powers and benefits, privileges and advantages, as other members of thb faid corporation do or ought to enjoy in refpeft of their (hares in the faid flock, (except as herein after is excepted).

XII.	And to the end money may he raifed to be applied towards dif*

exchequer charging the principal and intereft of fuch national debts and incum+ 778,7501. for Nonces as are before-mentioned: be it further enabled by the ati-eufeharging thority aforefaid, That the faid corporation (hall advance and pay national into the receipt of the exchequer, for the purpofe laft-mention-6 Geo 1 c/iq ^	fom of feven hundred feventy eight thoufand fever*

0 /fq. kun(jre(j antj gfjy p0un(j^ or f0* much thereof as (hall remain

after fuch deductions, defalcations and abatements as are hereafter in and by this a & allowed to be made out of or from the fame; fuch payment to be made by fuch proportions and at fuch Times of pay- times as are herein after appointed for payment thereof; (that is fl1*111,	to	fay)	one full and equal moiety or half-part thereof on or be-

fore the thirtieth day of July one thoufand* feven hundred tmJl nineteen,.one full and equal quarter or fourth part of the whole fum on or before the one and thirtieth day of Qfiober one thou*-(and feven hundred and nineteen, and the remaining full and equal quarter or fourth part of the faid whole fum fo to be paid by the faid corporation, and in full payment thereof, on or be* •	fore	the one and thirtieth day of January one thoufand feven

hundred and nineteen.

£IIL IVChr

Company to pay into the

Digitized by Google

1718.] rAnno quinto Georgii I. c. 19.	7g

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enaft- If all the an-ed by the authority aforefaid, That if all the faid lottery-annui-

ties tor the faid term of twenty three years and three quarters of	"

a year, and all the laid arrearages, computed to amount fo one 20 June 1719, hundred fixty eight thoufand feven hundred forty eight pounds Company to and five (hiliogs as aforefaid, (hall not, on or before the faid advance pro-twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen;

*be fubferibed as aforefaid, to be converted into flock at the re- fubferibed. fpeftive rates aforefaid, pursuant to the purport and true meaning of this ad, then the laid corporation (hall be obliged, by virtue of this ad, to advance and pay into the faid receipt of exchequer lb much of the faid fum of feven hundred feventy eight 'thoufand feven hundred and fifty pounds, for the purpofe laft-inentioned, as (hall bear proportion to the lottery-annuities and arrearages fo to be fubferibed at the refpedive rates aforefaid, and no more ; (that is to fay) as the fum of one million feven hundred twenty one thoufand two hundred and fifty pounds,

-being the computed value of all the faid lottery-annuities and ar-Tearages, is to the laid fum of feven hundred feventy eight thousand feven hundred and fifty pounds, fo the value of the faid lottery-annuities and arrearages which (hall be aftually fubferibed, being computed at the rates aforefaid, (hall be to the fum "Which the faid corporation (hall advance, for and towards paying off the (aid debts and incumbrances ; and that fuch of the laid lottery-annuities and arrearages, as (hall not be fubferibed Annuities not to be converted into flock as aforefaid on or before the faid fubferibed to twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen,

(hall be paid and payable out of the produce of the faid duties, 0fCthe°dutic». at fuch times and in fuch manner and courfe of payment, as the fame ought to have been paid, if this aft had not beeh 'made.

XIV.	' Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared and enafted Out of the the authority aforefaid. That out of the firft monies of the

find fum of feven hundred feventy eight thoufand feven hundred thePexchequer and fifty pounds, or of or for the faid proportional part there- 37,5001. or a which (hall be payable by the faid company into the exche- proportional quer, purfoant to this aft, for paying off debts and incum-brances as aforefaid, the full fum of thirty feven thoufand five u(e ^	9

hundred pounds, or fo much thereof as (hall bear proportion to company, the value of the lottery-annuities and arrearages which (hall be actually fubferibed as aforefaid, at ttye rates before-mentioned,

(hail ami may be dedufted, defalked and recouped to and for the (oh ufe and benefit of the faid corporation, and for the foie )bwptfit and advantage of all the members thereof (as well the members as thofe to be incorporated into the fame com*

My by virtue of this aft).

*' XV. And whereas by the faid aft of the third ytar of his Maje- h0w deficient ftfifi reign for redeeming the then fund of the faid corporation, it is cies (hall be That if at any time or times the produce of the duties and re- °^e 8°°^* venues therein mentioned Jbould be fo low or deficient, as that the mo- * €0* ** c#$* pey qrifiug thereby at the exchequer Jbould not extend or be fufficient\

DigitizecLby

Google

Anno quinto GboRGTI I, c. 19,	[1718U

according to that. ad, to pay and difcbarge or to complete the payment at the end of any Quarter of a year, 0/* all the money which Jhould^ be then due, 17; «W/ /ir *r upon the above-mentioned yearly fund five hundred thoufand pounds and the above-mentioned yearly fum eight tboufand pounds, then and fo often and in every fitch cafe, 1 deficiency of any fuch quarter Jhould and might be fupplied out of tbq overplus monies of the /aid duties and revenues ariftng in any Jubfe-quent quarter; and in default thereof by the (pace of half a year, them all and every fucb deficiency and deficiencies Jhould be fupplied and made good from time to time by or out of the general yearly fund by another

•	aft of that fejfion of parliament efiablijhed or intendedto be ejiabUfisei

•	for redeeming the duties and revenues then charged or chargeable im and byfeverd lottery-efts of the. ninth and tenth years of her faid lata Majejty's reign, and certrnn annual payments out of the hereditary ex-cife in the fad alt of that fejfion mentioned, or out of money to be raif* id at the exchequer for purchafmg an annuity or annuities after a rata not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, for every fucb deficiency \\ which annuity or annuities Jhould, by virtue of the faid alt, be charged on the faid general yearly fund, and be payable and tranf* ferr able at the bank 0/England, as other annuities payable out of the faid generd yearly fund were intended by the faid other ad of the JaU fejfion to be payable and transfetrable until the redemption thereof by

•	parliament, as by the faid ad of the third year ofhisMajeJhfs reignfm redeeming the then fund of the faid corporation may more fully appear; now it is hereby further provided, declared and ena&ed, That out of the firft payment of the laid fum of feven hundred fcyen?

eight thoufand (even hundred and fifty pounds, or of or fof

id proportion^ part thereof, to be paid by way of advance into the exchequer as aforefaid, fo much as at the twenty-foort^ day of June one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen (hall be deficient to make good the fums then incurred and grown due for or upon the (aid yearly fund of five hundred thoufand pounds, and for or upon the faid yearly fum of eight thoufand pounds mentioned in the faid former a&, and for and upon the additional or increafed yearly fund and yearly fum by thk intended to be paid to the (aid company, or fuch part of the fame deficiencies as (hall bear proportion to the value of the lottery-annuities and arrearages which (hall be a&ually fubferibod as aforefaid, at the rates before-mentioned, purfuant to uus a&, (hall and may be deducted, defalked and recouped fpr if towards fatisfying and nuking good the faid deficiencies of tqe laid yearly funds and yearly fums fo growing due at or before the uid twenty fourth day of *¥une one thoufand (even hundred and nineteen and that out o? each fubfequent payment of the faid fum of feven hundred feventy eight thoufand feven hundred and fifty pounds, or of or for the faid proportional part thereof^ to be paid by way of advance into the exchequer as aforefaid, (p much as at and for the quarter-day next preceding the rffpep-tive times hereby limited, for making tnofe fubfequent pafr meats refpe&ively, (hall be deficient to make good the (umf then incurred *nd gr9W» for Of	fod yearly fond*

mi

Digitized by v^ooQle

V7X&J Annoquinto Gkorgii I. C. ig.	75

and yearly fums by this and the faid former aCt payable to the bid corporation. Inch part of the fame deficiencies as (hall bear proportion to the value of the lottery-annuities and arrearages which (hall be actually fubfcribcd as aforefaid, at the rates be* fore-mentioned, purfuant to this a61, (hall and may be deducted, defalked and recouped for or towards fatisfying and making good the (aid deficiencies of the faid yearly funds and yearly rams fagrowing due at or upon the quarter-day next preceding the refpeCtfrc times by this aCt preferi bed for making each fub-ffaqtfent payment by the faid corporation as aforefaid.

XVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Company ma. That in cafe the (aid corporation of the South-Sea company (hall king failure of make failure in payment of the raid fum of feven hundred feven- Py/T''.nt “V ty eight thoufand feven hundred ahd fifty pounds, or of the faid ‘ued* proportional part thereof, at the days and times hereby limited for the payment of the fame, having fuch deductions, defalcations and abatements as by this ad are preferibed, then the money whereof fnch failure in payment (hall be made, (hall and may be recovered in his Majcfly’s name for the purpofe before-mentioned, by *dion of debt or upon the cafe, bill, (uit or in* formation in any his Majefly’s courts of record at wherein no efibsn, protection, privilege or wager of law (hall te allowed, or more than one imparlance; in which aCtion, bill, fuit or information it (hall be lawful to declare. That the governor and company of merchants of Griat Britain trading to the Mnttb-Stas and other parts of America, and far encouraging the fifoery, are indebted to the King’s majefty the money of which they,t&H have made default in payment, according to the form of this ftatbte, and have not paid the fame, which (hall be fuf-ficient; and in or upon (itch a&ion, bill, (uit or information thfee (haltbe. further recovered for the purpofe aforefaid, agaioft dteidefehdints, damage after the rate of ten pounds- centum ihrtaWEtar,' for the monies fo unpaid contrary to this ad j and tifefoid corporation and their dock and funds (haU be and are horehy made fob) ed and liable thereunto.

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, -pj,e That the find value computed at the faid rate of eleven years and ti*t. See, fob-yhidfi purchafe,; for the (aid term, of tvfenty three years and fcribed, to ba forte qreffrera of a year, 06 and in the faid lottery-annuities, or uwl*<* *° *£• fb Atony of them as fhiall be actually fubferibed, purfuant to this caPttal*oc,t' aft, *ua or before the bid twentieth day of June one thoufand ‘ b bandied and nineteen, aod the faid arrearages for one land a quarter, computed to amount to otie hundred ftxty t thdufifnd feven hundred forty eight pounds and five (hil-’ aforefaid, or fo much thereof as (hall be actually fob* rorfuant to this aCt, at any time or timles on or before

- 	ftwentieth	day of June one thoufand feven hundred and

Mttee&v and abb the find film of feven hundred feVenty-eight pfehfiad feven hundred and fifty pounds, or (b much thereof wHksM be actually advanced within the TefpeCtive times before jtypited la that behalf by the faid corporation (including there-'i' ■"	2	in

Digitized by Google

Treafury to compute the additional

Every member to have credit m the books tor his (hare in the increased (lock, from 25 Dec. 1718.

The company to have 51, percent, for the increafed . Hock.

The fiud annuity of .51. per cent, to commence . from Chrift-mas 1718, and be paid quarterly.

Anno quirito GeoRGII I. C. 19.	[1718.

in the deductions by this adt allowed to be made out of the fame for the refpe&ive caufes and purpofes aforefaid) (hall be and be deemed an additional (lock of the faid corporation, and (hall be united to the prefent capital (lock of ten millibns now belonging to the faid corporation : and the faid prefent and increafed frock fo united, (hall be and be called the capital frock of the faid corporation , and the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being (hall, and they are hereby impowered and required to caufe the fum total of the faid additional frock to be computed and adjufted, as foon as it can conveniently be known and adjufted, and to declare and determine the fame by an inftrument in writing under his or their hands and'feals, which (hall be en-tred in the proper book or books of the faid corporation; and that every member of the faid corporation (as well thofe to be incorporated into the fame, by virtue of this a£t, as all other members thereof) (hall, from and after the twenty-fifth day erf December one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, have ere* dit in the books of the faid corporation, for his, her or their proportion or (hare of and in the whole capital or joint frock of the faid corporation fo increafed, and of and in all the dividends^ profits and advantages whatfoever to attend the fame, except as herein after is otherwife provided.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority afbrc-faid. That the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their fucceflors, (hall have, receive and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this adl to have, receive and enjoy, for the faid additional (lock, to be computed, adjufted and determined, as aforefaid, an annuity or yearly fund, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, which (hall be and is hereby declared and enadted to be united to and confolidated with their faid prefent annuity or fund of five hundred thoufand pounds per annum) and the faid yearly funds fo united (hall be and be called the increafed yearly fund of the find governor and company.

XIX.	And it is hereby enadted, That the faid annuity, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for the faid additional frock, (hall commence and be reckoned to commence from the feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, and have relation from that time in point of payment, when the fame (hall be adjufted, as aforefaid, and that <b much thereof as (hall be pavable to the faid governor and company for the faid fum of feven hundred feventy eight thoufand feven hundred and fifty pounds, or the proportional part of the fame, which (hall oe adtually advanced by them (including therein the dedudtkms by this adt allowed to be made thereout, as aforefaid) (hall be payable, and be accounted to grow due to the (aid governor and company, and their fucceffors, and be paid to them or their ca(hier for their yfe, at juid for tfiefour mod ufual fcafts in the year, that is to

$7*

Digitized by

Google

77

1718’] Anno quinto Georoii L c. x9. >

fey, ThefcalU of the annunciation of the blefled virgin JAry, the nativity of St. John Baptift, St. Mubael the archangel, and the birth of our Lord Cbrift, by even and equal portions, or Within twenty days after every of the faid fcaft-days until the redemption tnereof by parliament, according to the provifoes and powers of redemption herein after contained $ the firft of the (aid quarterly payments to become due and payable at Lady- Flrft payment da* one thou&nd feven hundred and nineteen; and that fo much at Lady-day of the faid additional Annuity or yearly fund, after the rate o£l7l9* five pounds per centum per annumj as (nail be payable to the (aid company in refoedt of the faid lottery-annuities and arrearages thereof which (hall be allually fubfcribed, as aforefaid, (hall be accounted due to the faid governor and company, and their fuc* ceflbrs, and (hall be paid.and payable to them, or to their ca-lhier for the time being, for their ufe, at fuch times, and by fuch proportions at a time, and in fuch manner and form, as the pay-tickets for the lottery-annuities and arrearages fa fubfcribed, were payable, or ought to have been fatisfied out of the above-mentioned fund of one hundred thirty five thou&nd	'

pounds per annum, if the payment thereof had continued upon the foot of the faid former alt; and that the (aid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their fucceflors, 1000	^

(hall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this annum, or a alt, to have, receive and enjoy, for or towards the charge of proportional management of the affairs of the faid corporation, an additional yearly fum of two thoufand pounds, or an additional yearly fum, nearing the fame proportion to two thoufand pounds per annum, as the faid additional (lock of the faid corporation, when it (hall be adjufled and determined purfuant to this alt, (hall bear to two millions and five hundred thoufand pounds, without being liable to render an account of the faid charges, or any of them,4 which yearly fum of two thoufand pounds, or fuch lefler pro* portional Turn fo to be paid by virtue of this alt, (hall be and is hereby declared and enalted to be united to, and joined with the laid prefent yearly fum of eight thoufand pounds allowed to the faid corporation tor fuch charges.

XX.	And it is hereby enalted, That the faid additional fum The toco J. of two thoufand pounds per annum, or fuch lefier proportional for manage* fum for charges of management, (hall commence and be reckon- ment to corned to commence from the faid feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, and (hall have relation from that time in point of payment, when the fame (hall bc adjufled, as aforefaid, and (hall be payable and accounted due to the faid governor and company, and their fuccefiors, and be p&l to. them or their cafiiier for the time being, for their ufe, at the four mod ufual fealts in the year before-mentioned, by. even yqd equal portions, or within twenty days after every of t£e faid feaft-days, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifoes and powers of redemption herein af« ter mentioned.

XXI.	And

Digitized by

Google

?8	Anno quint© GEOR6tI I. C< i^j fi7iS|

The addition. XXI. And it is hereby enafted. That as well the fald ad<Jl-alannuity, &c. tional annuity or yearly fund, after the rate of five pounds per on t^du^es£enttim P*r annum,, to be computed upon the faid additional on coals and ft°ck, to he adjufted and determined, as aforelaid, as alfo the houfos. hid additional yearly fum of two thoufand pounds, or fuch letted proportional futn, to be allowed to the faid corporation fot charges of management, as aforefaid, lhall be, and the fame by force and virtue of this aft are charged and chargeable upon, and made payable out of the monies from time to time arifing at the receipt of the exchequer of or .for the faid duties upon coals, culm arid cynders, and of and for the faid duties on houfes, ai fuch times, and in fuch courfe, method and form, as are before In this aft prelcribed in that behalf.

How the un- XXII. rrovided always. That fo much of the above-men-* fciibed lotte- tioned fund of one hundred thirty five thoufand pounds per ry-annuitk* numy as by virtue of the aft firft above recited, was and is ap-maU be paid, plicable to the payment of fuch of the faid lottery-annuities and * Ann. c. 4. arrearages thereof, as (hall not be aftually fubferibed to be converted into the flock of the (aid company, on or before the faid twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen (the fame unfublcribed lottery-annuities being computed in pro-^ portion to the amount of all the annuities now payable out of and charged upon the faid yearly fund of one hundred thirty five thoufand pounds) (hall continue to be iffued and applied to and for the payment and fotlsfaftion of fuch unfubferibed lotteiy-annuitiestortherefidueof the faid term of thirty two years, arid the arrearages thereof, and the pay-tickets for the fame, as folly and effectually, and in as ample manner and form, as fuch part of the faid yearly fund of one hundred thirty five thoufand pounds ought to have been iffued and applied thereunto, if this

Erefent aft had not been made; this prefent aft or any thing erein contained to the contrary notwithftanding: and the com-miflioners of his Majefty’s treafury now being, and the high treafurer, and commiffioners of the treafury of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for the time being, are hereby authorized and ftriftly required to iffue their warrants and orders, from time to time, tor payment as well of the monies which (hall become due and payable to the faid corporation, as of the monies which ought to be iffued and applied for difeharging fuch unfubferibed tickets (if any fuch (hall be) accordingly.

TIow the defi- XXIII. And it is hereby declared and enafted by the autho-ouarter°Laliy	That	if	at	any time or times after the twenty-fifth

be fupplied, day °f December one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, the &c.	9	produce of all the duties and revenues by the faid aft of the third

3	Geo. i. c. 9. year of his Majefty’s reign, for redeeming the then yearly fortd * Ann. c. 4. of the faid corporation, and the proportion of the duties and revenues by the faid aft of the eighth year of her faid late Maje-fty’S reign, granted and continued, arid by the faid afts, and this aft, or any of them, appropriated or intended for payment of the whole united yearly fund and yearly fuiris Intended by this and the faid laft mentioned aft of the third year of his Ma»

Digitized by ^ooQle

IjiV.j	Anno qWnto Gsorgii I. C. 19, *	79

jefty’s reign, to be paid' to the laid governor and company, and their fuccelfors, lhall be fo low or deficient in the payment there-*	(

Of into the exchequer, as that the lame (hall not be fufficient to pay and difcharge, or to compleat the payment at the end of any quarter of a year, of all the monies which (hall be then due and payable to the faid corporation, as well lor and upon the laid prelent yearly fund of five hundred thoufand pounds, and the faid yearly fund of eight thoufand pounds, as upon the faid in-creeled yearly fund of the faid corporation, alter the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for their additional ftock, as afore-bid, and for and upon the increafed yearly fum of two thoufand pounds, or a proportional part thereof, as aforefaid, to be paid for charges of management, lhall not extend or be fufficient for thole purpofes, then and fo often, and in every fueh cafe, the deficiency of any fuch quarter lhall and may be fupplied out of . the overplus monies of the faid duties and revenues,- every or any of them, arifing in any fubfequent quarter; and in default thereof by the fpace of half a year, then all and every fuch deficiency and deficiencies (hall be fupplied and made good, from time to time, by or out of the faid general yearly fund bv the laid other a<5t of the third year of his Majefty’s reign, eftablifiled er intended to be eftablilhed, as aforefaid, or out of money to be railed at the exchequcrfor purchafing an annuity or annuities after a rate not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum% for every fuch deficiency; which annuity or annuities lhall, bfr virtue or this a&, be charged on the faid general yearly fund, and be payable and transferrable at the bank of England, as other annuities payable out of the faid general yearly fund are intended by the find other a<51 of the third year of his Majefty’s reign 3 Geo. t. c. 7 to be payable and transferrable, until the redemption thereof by parliament; and if at any time or times any fuch deficiency lhall he paid to the faid corporation by fuch annuity or annuities charged on-the faid general yearly fund, the difeount of fuch annuity or annuities which fhall be neceflary for converting the fame into ready money (if any fuch difeount lhall happen} lhall, by order of the commimoners of the treafury, or three or more of them, or high treafurer for the time being, be latisfi-ed to the laid corporation out of the fame general yearly fund, or out of money to be raifed at the exchequer for purchafing a like annuity or annuities at the fame rate, to be charged on the fame

Sneral yeatly fund, and to be payable and transferrable as afbre-d, until the redemption thereof by parliament: and for the better and more regular payment of all monies intended by the laid ad of the third year of his Majefty’s reign, for redemption of the then yearly fund of the faid corporation, to be paid to the fade, fiibjed neverthelefs to fuch redemption, as aforefaid, the MOMiifijoners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time are hereby impowerea and required to fign and iflue out fuch order and orders for payment of all fuch mm and fums of money as by this or the faid laft mentioned ad are or fhall become due and payable to the laid corporation, and alfo for raif-

ing

Digitized by

Goo<

So

Anno quinto Georoii I. C. 19.	[17iS#

in^-out of and upon the faid general yearly fund eftablUhed by the faid recited ad of the third year of his Majefty’s reign, fo smell as (hall be requifite and neceflary to pay to the (aid corporation all fuch deficiency and deficiencies as are in and by this a d cfired-ed to be paid to them; and after figning fuch order or order* the fame (hall be firm, good, valid and effedual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this a d, aid (hall not be determinable by or upon the death and re-* moval of any commifiioner or commUBoners of the treafury, or. high treafurer, or under-treafurer for the time being, or by or upon the determination of the power, office and offices of them* or any of them; nor (hall any commifiioner of the treafury, or high treafurer for the time being, have any power to revoke, countermand, or make void fuch order or orders fo figned, as aforefaid.

How the defi- XXIV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, ^ca^ftiall bey That if at any time or times the produce of the faid duties oa implied. * coals, culm and cynders, and of the faid duties on houfes, (half be fo low and deficient as that at the end of any year (reckon** ing the fame to end at Michaelmas yearly) the proportion of the laid yearly fund of one hundred thirty five thoufand pounds, applicable by this a d for or towards the difcharging of the faid un-jubfcribed pay-tickets then payable, (hall not be fufficient for that purpofe, then every fuch deficiency (hall be fupplied and made good, from time to time, out of the firft aid to be granted in parliament, next after fuch deficiency (hall appear, and (hall, from time to time, be transferred thereunto, as foon as the fame (hall be granted, according to the purport and true meaning of the faid former ad in that behalf.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in cafe there (hall be any furplus or remainder of the monies arifing by the faid duties on coals; culm and cynders, and the faid du-. ties on houfes, at the end of any one year (reckoningthe fame to end at Michaelmas yearly) after all the faid yearly and other

th1*	Aims direded or authorized by this ad, and then or before that

cpu * time incurred and become due or in arrear, (hall be fully fads-* fied, paid and difeharged or money fufficient (hall be referved for that purpofe, fuch furplus or remainder (hall from time to time be referved for the ufe of the publick, and (hall not be iffu-ed or difpofed but by authority of parliament.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afbre(aid» That the (hare and intereft of every member of the laid corpo-

The (hares to ration, of and in the prefent capital (lock of the (ame, and of \>e perfonal ancj ^ tjie ;ncreafe Gf fuch capital, to be had and made in pur-fuance of this ad, and of and in the (aid annuity and annuities* after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, payable or to be paid for the fame to the faid corporation, and of and in the faid eight thoufend pounds and two thoufand pounds per annum, or a proportionable part of the faid two thoufand pounds pet annum,, by this ad payable for management, (hall be and be adjudged

All annual furplufles to be referved

eftatea.

Digitized by

Google

tfit.J	Anno	quinto GEokoii L c. 19.	81

judged to be a perfanal and not a real eftate,. and (hall go to the executors or adminifirators of the refpeftive perfons dying pof-felled thereof or entitled thereunto, and not to the heirs of fuch perfons * any lawv cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithr (landing j and that the refpeftive members of the faia company, who (haH have a (hare or intereft in the prefent capital (lock or Shares trans-increafed ftock thereof, as well for and in refpeft of the faid lot- fen-able and tcry-annuities and arrears thereof, which (hall be fubfcribed as dc?ifcaWc* aforefaid, as for or in refpeft of the faid fum of feven hundred feventy eight thoufand feven hundred and fifty pounds, or fuch proportional part thereof as (hall be aftually paid by the faid corporation into his Majefty’s exchequer as aforefaid, (including therein fuch deductions, abatements and recoupments as are allowed or permitted to be made by the faid corporation as aforefaid) (hall and may afiign and transfer fuch (hare or intereft, or any part therebf, in the books of the faid Company, in fuch or the like method, manner and form as are prefcribed by the aft: or afts of parliament and charter now in force, for alignments or transfers of original ftock to be made in the books of the faid company; or (hall or may difpofe or devife the fame or any part thereof by will, in fuch manner and form as any (hare in the original ftock of the faid company is devifeable.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Thefe atumi-That as well the fcveral annual and other fums payable at the *?cs t0 ** tax* exchequer to the faid governor and company and tneir fuccef-	c

fare, by virtue of this and the faid former aft of the third year 3 of his Majefty’s reign for redeeming the then fund of the faid No ~ovcrnor governor and company, and either of them, and the (hares, &c;dii'aMed* parts or interefts of the feveral members of and in the fame, and from being a of and in the faid prefent capital ftock and increafed capital (lock member of * of the faid governor and company, and of and in the benefit of Parliament> trade annexed thereunto, and the ftock in trade or money to be railed far that purpofe, during the continuance of the fame, lhatt be and are hereby exempted from all taxes, rates and impositions whatfoever, by aft of parliament or otherwife; any law or ftatutemade or to be made to the contrary notwithftand-ing: and that no perfon, in refpeft of his being governor, fub- or liable to governor, deputy-governor, direftor, manager or a member of apy penalty or the faid company, or for having any ftock or (hare therein, or liability for by reafon of his being named or afting as a manager or direftor him2Sf icc1”8 or otherwife, for taking the faid fubfcriptions, or for any other ' matter or thing to be by him done or performed by or in pur-faance of this aft only, (hall be now or at any time hereafter dtfrfrlfyl from being or continuing, or from being elefted or ferv-mgmn member of parliament, nor be liable or fubjeft to any yeafa, forfeiture or difability prefcribed by any other aft or aft*** irii ament for not qualifying hitnfelf to execute his truft vpo»«rin porfuance of this aft, as perfons who (hall take or execotvany office or place of profit or truft are fubjeft and li-Stbiaamp by any the laws now in force; and that all and every V+t. XIV.	G	or

Sealed bonds to charge all the feveral funds and Hoc k.

fa	Anno <juintp Ceorgii I. C. 19.	[171!?-

' *ny fuch perfon or perfons may be fiibfcribers to the (aid incrcafed flock j any law or ftatute to the contrary notwhli-(landing : nor (hall be or be adjudged liable to be & bankrupt* within the intent or meaning of all or any of the ftatutcs made againft or concerning bankrupts; and that no flock in the faid company (hall be fubjeCl and liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of the city of London, or otherwife j any law, ftatute, ufage or ouftom to the contrary notwithftanding. Transfers not XXVIII. And it is hereby enabled. That all the transfers or a®gIunents °f prefent capital flock or increafed flock, in the cr itamp*. books of the (aid company, mall not hereafter be or be made liable to any higher or greater (lamp or other duties, than are now payable for the fame.

XXIX.	And be it further enaCled, That all bonds or obligations under the common feal of the faid company (hall charge as well the annual fund and additional fund payable to the (aid company by virtue of this aCt, as the prefent flock and additional flock and other effects and eftates of the faid company for the time being; and that all fuch bonds and obligations (hall be aflignable, and the monies thereupon (hall be recoverable as effectually and in as ample manner and form, as any their hoods taken upon the faid former aCl might be afligned, or the money due thereupon might be recovered.

XXX.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefiud, That all fuch contracts, bills, bonds, obligations or fecurities under the common feal of the faid corporation (hall not be chargeable with any the duties upon ftampt vellom, parchment or paper; any former law, ftatute, prohibition, reftriCtion or other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXL And it is hereby declared and enaCted by tne autho-continuie a bo* rity aforefaid,That the faid governor and company of merchants dy politick. Qf Great Britain, and their fucccffors for ever, (hall remain, continue and be one body corporate and politick, by the name of the governor and company of merchants of Gnat Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America and for encouraging the fiihery, and (hall have, hold, receive and enjoy the faid yearly fund of five hundred thoufand poands and the. laid additional yearly fund, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy to be added thereunto (by way of increafe) as afore-laid and the faid yearly fum of eight thoufand pounds and the yearly annuity of two thoufand pounds, or fuch proportional part thereof as aforefaid, to be added thereunto (by way of increafe for management) purfuant to this aCl, until the laid yearly funds and yearly fums (hall refpeClively be redeemed accord-And to enjoy xn& to this act; and lhall have, hold and enjoy all their forts, all their pri- factories, acquifitions, lands, tenements, hereditaments* fide benefit of trade in and to the South-Seas and elfewbere, with a perpetual fucceflion, and all abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits and advantages whatfoever, whereunto the laid governor and company are qt before the making of this a<5t yrere entitled by any aft or

Such bonds not chargeable with the ftamp-duties.

Company to

vileges, See.

Digitized by

t jttfy	Aiinotjvrffito G&okGti L C. igi	$3

of parliament, grant or charter now in force, (all whteh are bjf this aft ratified, confirmed and made effectual to them and thei,r fuccefiors) freed and difcharged of and from all former provi-ibes, powers, ads, matters and things whatfoever for redeeming, determining or making void the fame or any of them j fub- Subjeft to the jeft neverthclefs to the feveral and refpeftive provifoes and pow-ers pf redemption of the faid yearly funds and yearly futas hcrq- • ' after jn this aft contained.

XXXII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted by the au- On one year** thority afore fa id. That upon one year’s notice to be given by	i

authority of parliament at the feaft of the nativity of Saint John and wTreMy-Baptift which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fe- ment, See!the ven hundred and twenty three, or at any of the faid quarterly yearly fund of feaft tjays after the faid feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift itiom^ one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, and upon repay- L). inent by parliament to the faid governor and company of mer- &c, to ceafe* chants of Great Britain of the whole fum whereof the faid capital ftock of ten millions, with the faid dock to be added there--Unto, (by way of increafe as aforefaid) ihall then conlift, according to fuch notice, without deduftion, difcoont or abate--ment whatfoever to be made out of the fame, or any part thereof, and upon payment of all arrears of thf faid yearly fund pf iive hundred thoufand pounds, and of the (aid additional fund, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be added thereunto by way of increafe as aforefaid, and of the (aid yearly fum of eight thoufand pounds and of the faid yearly annuity of two thourand pounds, or fuch proportional part thereof as afore-Jaid, for management, to be added thereunto purfuant to this aft (if any fuch arrear or arrears (hall be then due) then the faid yearly fund of five hundred thoufand pounds and the faid additional yearly fund, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and the faid yearly fum. of eight thoufand pounds, and the .yearly annuity to be added thereunto by way of increafe for management afbrefaid,(hall from thenceforth ceafe and determine.

XXXHI: And in regard it is intended, That after the twenty If notice be fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three the Vvcn by * principal or Jum total of rhe faid capital or increafed Jlock of the faid -company, confining of ten millions and the addition to be made there- for redemp-. M'p m aforefaid, may be Jatisfied to the faid governor and 10/0/007 tion, and pay-Payments (not being left than one million of lawful money ofment be made Olttf Britain at a time) and that as the fame principal monies /hall fmfaUff, the faid yearly fum offive hundred thoufand pounds, and thcn’fomuch ; Ife feda additional yearly fund, after the rate of five pounds per of the increaf. -Omtom per annum, to be added thereunto as aforefaid, /hall from ed fandlM! ritf* to time proportionally fink and be abated: be it therefore fur- ** *batcd. 'dtayrovided and enafted by the authority afordaid. That if at ' Jtyinie or times at or after the faid twenty-fourth day of Juno iW^hblifiind (even hundred and twenty three, notice (hall be '	of parliament for redemption pf the faid yearly

Jakuittfife hundred thoufand poi^nds and the yearly fund which

Ga

fiuU

Digitized by boogie

;..#4	Anno	quinto	GeoRGII	t.	C.ip,	(£171!.

fhall be added thereunto as aforefaid, and the (aid yearly fum of eight thoufand pounds and the additional annuity which (hall be added thereunto as aforefaid; and if payment, according to fuch notice, be made by parliament to the (aid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, or their fucceflors, of any fum or fums of money (not being lefs than one million at a time) m ' part of the principal monies whereunto the faid fum of ten miV-lions and the flock to be added thereunto, by virtue of this ad, (hall jointly atpount 5 and alfo if payment be made of all the arrearages then due to them of the increafcd yearly fund and iri-creafed yearly fum, or fo much of thofe arrearages as (hall bear a proportion to the principal monies from time to time remaining unfatisfied, being computed by the day until the time of every fuch payment of part of the principal refpedUvely, then* from and after every fuch payment fo made to the faid governor and company, and their fucceflors, fo much of the faid increafcd yearly fund, (confifting of five hundred thoufand pounds, *vith fuch addition as aforefaid) as (hall bear proportion to the monies fo^paid in part of the (aid principal, (nail ceafe and determine and be abated ; any thing in this or any former adl or adls of parliament contained, or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

After re- XXXIV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaSed demption the by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the redemption fcveral duties, Gf all the faid yearly fund of five hundred thpufand pounds and l&c {tain*! ^additional yearly fund which is to be joined to the fame as underftood to aforefaid, and of the faid yearly fum of eight thoufand pounds, be redeemed and the yearly fum which is to be added thereunto for managd-by parlia-	ment as afotefaid, by payments to be made according to the fe-

ment*	veral ancj refpe&ive provifoes or conditions of redemption in this

adt contained of or concerning the fame, then and not till then the feveral duties, impofitions, additional impofitions and revenues, and all proportional parts of them or any of them, which are chargeable therewith, (hall be underftood to be redeemed by parliament, and (hall not be iflued, paid or applied to any ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever without authority of parliament^ <But the cor- neverthelefs the faid corporation, by the name aforefaid, flhaQ poration (ball for cvei: rema;n> continue and be one body corporate and poh-cvcr.UUC °r ^kj-'and (hall have, hold and enjoy all th^ir forts, fa&orics, acquifitions, lands, tenements, hereditaments, foie benefit *f v	trade in and to the South-Seas and elfcwhere, and alfo all the

lands, tenements and hereditaments that are or (hall be by them purchafed in Great Britain, not exceeding one thoufand pounds per annum, with perpetual fucceflion, at;d all abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifcs, exemptions, privileges, profits and advantages whatfoever whereunto the faid governor and corfipany are or before the making this a<51 were entitled by any adt or adts of parliament, grants or charters now in force; all which are by this adt ratified, confirmed and made effedtual to diem and their fucceflors; and the raid governor and company and the members thereof, Without having any (hare or in-

tereft

Digitized by LjOOQle

*>«*•!	Anno quinto Georg n I.	c. 19.	*5

in the faid yearly funds, payments or annuities, or any of them, after the fame (nail be redeemed, (hall have and be entit-fed to the foie benefit of trade in and to the South-Seas and elfe-where, and fuchr power of trade in the fifhery, as by any ad or ad* of parliament now in force is direded, and allotner benefits, privileges and advantages (the faid refpedive annuities to them Hlbing or payable after fuch redemption as aforefaid only excepted) as if no foch redemption were had of made; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXV.	And k is hereby declared and enabled by the autho- All the pow-#ity aforefaid, That all and every the abilities, capacities, pow- cn of former •rs, authorities, exemptions, franchifes, privileges, profits .and aft* or char-advantages whatsoever, and all pains of death and other penal-

fies, forfeitures and difabilities, and all rules, diredions, methods, articles, matters and things whatfoever, which by any former ad or ads of parliament, or any claufe or daufes therein, or any charter or charters under the great feal of Great Britain, are enaded, granted or eftablifhed to, for, touching or concerning the faid corporation of the governor and company Sf merchants of Great Britain trading to the Seutb-Seas and other parts of America and for encouraging the fifhery, or the members of the fame (being in force at or until the time of making , 4f this ad, and not hereby determined or altered) (hall for ever fifeitinue, and be pra&ifed and put in execution for fecuring and flMillg the yearly funds, annuities and payments by this ad di-Md, fubjed to the provifoes for redemption thereof in this ad dtiiritai&ed, and alfo (as Well after fuch redemption as before) for fettirfog the pofleflions, trade and bufinefs of the faid corporation, and fortheir advantage in all refpeds, as fully and effedu-ally, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, exemptions, franchises, privileges, profits and advantages, and the faid pains of death and other penalties, forfeitures and difabilities, and the faid benefit of trade*' roles, diredions, methods, articles, matters and things, were feveraDy repeated and at large re-enaded inf the body of this ffeefei* ad.

XXXVI.	And it is hereby declared and enaded by the au- A votc 0f thc tboritv aforefaid. That any vote or refolution of the houfe of houfeofeom-comttums, fignified by their fpeaker in writing, to be delivered mons.fignificd at thepuWick office of the faid governor and company of mer- bythci^fam' chants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas, (naif be deem- den^ndtice" ad and adjudged to be fuffitient notice within the words and for redemp* meaning ofthis ad, for redeeming the faid yearly funds or tion. wfttbities purfbant to the provifo or provifoes of redemption in

4Mra& contained, and at the refpedive time or times therein ffcdltiofted; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-Atofihg.

*	^ XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enaded by the autho- Company in a sityaforefak), That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid go- general court Wfiaor and company, and their fucceffors, in a general court of ^clarc #

-	G	3	thenow 116 Px0*

*

Digitized by Google

86	Anna	qtrinTo Geo*OH I. c. 19*

portion of th ^ ^ company to declare and appoint how and in what ma$w nKreafed C ner the proportion of the faid intended to be increased Aod^ dock (hall be which the faid governor and company (hall be entitled wntoy for difpofed of. or in refpe& of the laid fum of (even hundred feventy eight thoor fand (even hundred and fifty pounds, or in rcfpe& or the proportional part thereof, which fhall be a&uafiy paid into the receipt of his Majedy’s exchequer in purfuance of. this adk (including therein fach* dedu&ions, dedications, recoupments or abatements, as are in and by this ad directed to be made) (hall or may he difpofed of, either for and on the account of the proprietors of the prefent capital dock or of the whole fncreafcd capital dock of the faid corporation, as their general court (hah think fit, in proportion to their refpe&ive (hares and uttered* in the faid capital dock ; any thing herein contained to the con* trary notwithdanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas feveral of the proprietors of the fad pay-tickets may have fold, aliened or difpofed of their intenji tn one* two or three years fuueeding payments of futh pay-tickets, part of {fob comprehended in the faid term of twenty three years and threequnr-Urs cf 4 year, or of the faid one year and a quarter's, arreeer: it is hereby provided and forther enabled by the authority afov*~ (aid, Th?t fuch proprietors, having all the other pay-tickets for the refidue of the faid term of twenty three years, and tita*p quarters of a year, or for the refidue of the faid one year atvfo quarter, may (ubfcribe that whole term of. and in the find wemMf or annuities, and all the pay-tickets for the fame, paying toMfo perfon or perfons to be appointed to receive and take in the, fad pay-tickets the full amount of fuch pay-ticket or tickets fo ibid, aliened or difpofed; which perfon or perfons (hall pay the fame into the receipt of his Majedy^s exchequer, in trad, to pay wad fatisfr fuch perfon or perfons as (hall have a right So and be in poffemon of fuch pay-tickets, when thofe tickets refpediivelyiball becoraedue, and delivering up all the red of the pay-tickets fo the term fo fubferibed for, as in this a6t is before prescribed; pny thing herein contained to the contrary notwithdanding.

XXXIX. And whtreas Jeveral of the faid pay-tickets^ qmic S Ann. c. *. fifth in purfuance of the faid aft of the eighth year cf her late M*~ jefifs reign have, by cafualty or mifchamey been lofi, burnt or other-wife defiroyed: be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefcd, puplicate* to That in all cafes where it (hall appear by affidavit to be made before the lord chief baron, or before any of the barons of the coif of his Majefty’s court of exchequer for the time being,

"How proprietors of pay-tickets, who have aliened their intereft for one or more ye^rs, are to fob-(efibe.

be made of pay-tickets fort, burnt or defiroyed.

(who (hall interrogate the deponent thereupon) to the (attsfae*-tion of fuch t>aron or barons, that any fuch ticket or tickets «* aforefaid, before the tenth day of June one thoufand feven has* dred and nineteen (hall have been or are loft, bump or other-wife deftroyed, it (hall and may he lawful for the conunM&oner of the transfer-office, appointed purAlarit to the faid a<5t of the eighth year of her late Majeiiy’s reign, and the paytnafter of feck tickets, or either of them, upon producing a certificate from any the fajd j>arpn? of fuch ifipclavit m^de before him or them

(whicl»

Digitized by v^ooQie

Aimo^n® GBokoJiLc. *9.

(which affidavit the (aid barons or any of them it and am hereby authorized, to take, and which certificate he or they are hereby required to make and grant without fee or reward) and on Security given to the good liking of the faid commiffioner and payaoaner to indemnify his Majcfty agaioft all other per-fons whatsoever, for and concerning the monies fpecified in or due upon fuch ticket or tickets, to make forth duplicates of the tickets fo loft, burnt or deftroyed at the requeft of the refpecft-nr owners thereof; and that the fame duplicates (hall be of the like validity and have the fame effe& as the original tickets would have had, if they had not been loft, burnt nr deftroyed, and may be fobfcribed into the laid increafed ftock as aforesaid.

XL. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded bv the au- Treafiu-y to thority aforeGud, That out of the (aid monies which mall from reward time to time arife at the receipt of the exchequer for payment of debts and incumbrances incurred before the twenty fifth day debt* and ia« nf	December one thou (and Seven hundred and fixteen as afore- cumbrance*

faid, it Stall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of 'ncurre^kf* the treafory or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer J^6*s for the time being, to reward the faid managers to be appointed 7 for taking the (aid fubferiptions, and die clerks and the officers to be employed by and under them, and the (aid perfons to be employed for taking in die faid tickets, and all other officers that (hall and may be any way employed in this affair, for their labour, pains and Service therein refpedtively, and to difehaige and Satisfy fuch incident expences as (hall neceflarily attend the eaeeutiea of this a (ft, in fuch manner as the (aid commiffioners of the tseafury or any three or more of them, or the high tree-fterer for the time being, (hall from time to time find to be reasonable in that behalf; any thing in this aift contained to the contrary iwtwithftaading.

XU. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That if if •]) the piy-,ail the pay-tickets for the faid lottery-annuities and the (aid at- tickets,&c.arc re Wage* thereof (hall be fubferibed according to this a£t, with- f“bfcribed, in the lime thereby limited, then the monies of the faid duties ^yVppiicv" applicable to the payment thereof from time to time coming in- bleto the pay. <b the receipt of the exchequer (hall and may be iffiied weekly raent thereof to the find | governor and company and their fuccefiors, or tot0 ** Wued their ealhier lor their ufe, fo as the fum total of the money which J^pinyV"* find) bfc doc to them out of the fame purfuant to this a<ft, at the caflner/ end of *ny quarter of a year, be not exceeded; any thing in this or any former act contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLlh And bo it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Claufeof ap-dl the monies lent and to be lent to his Majefty upon one a«ft propriation of etahte fcfSon of parliament, intituled. An alt	t»	bisa 1

Adejnfly an aid by a land-tax to be raifed in Great Britain for the fer^"n. '* ftrmcrof tbe year one tboufand feven hundred and	,	and	fo	5 Geo. 1. c. t.

tkach money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted as lhall arife and remain after all the loans made or to be made on that alt, and rite intereft thereof and the charges thereby allowable for raffing the feid tax* (hail be fatisfied, or monies fufficient •	G	4	lhall

Digitized by

Google

Anao quin to Georgii I. c. 19.	[171 Sr

(hajl be rcferved to difchargetbe fame; and all the monte* i«t S Gee. i. c. i. and to be lent to bis Majefty upon an ad of this fcffion of parliament, intituled. An at1 for continuing the duties upon malt, mum* cyder and perry for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen; and for enlarging the time for entriug at the exchequer-fuch alignments of reverfmary annuities as are therein mettistmedy. and for better /(curing the duties on hides and Jkins, velhsm and parch*. meat, and fo much of the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry thereby granted or continued, as (hall arife and remain (if any fuch be) after all the loans made or to be made on the fame ad, or thereby transferred or directed to be transferred there*, unto, and the intereft thereof and the charges thereby allow*, able for raifing the fame duties (hall be fatisfied, or monies fufficient (hall be referved to difcharge the fame; and the Aim of:

' five hundred and five thoufand nine hundred ninety five pounds, raifed 6v intended to be raifed by way of a lottery, by virtue of/ 5 Geo. p. c. 9.an of this feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for eon-s * * tinning certain duties upon coals and culm, and for ejiabiijbing certain funds to raife money, as well to proceed in the building of new churches* as alfo to complete the fupply granted to bis Majefly, and to referve the overplus monies of the jaid duties for the difpofttion of parliament; and for more effeftual fupprejfwg private lotteries, and the fum of twenty two thoufand three hundred twenty five pounds one (hilling and nine pence intended to be fupplied out of the fur-plus monies fpecified in the a & laft before-mentioned, (hall be appropriated and applied and are hereby appropriated for or towards the feveral ufes, intents and purpofes herein exprefied, fubjed neverthelefs to fuch reftriCtions as are herein after pre-feribed: that is to fay, it is hereby ena&ed and declared. That out of all or any the aids or Aipplies provided as aforefaid there (hall and may be iflued and applied any fum not exceeding fivo. hundred and two thoufand feven hundred and nineteen pounds ten (hillings and ten pence three farthings, to make good the deficiencies of tfie grants in parliament for the year one thou-Deficiencies of fand feven hundred and eighteen; and any fum not exceeding the general. one hundred and two thoufand ninety two pounds thirteen (hil-year endtdat ^n§s an<*one fifth P*rt °f a penny, to make good the deficiency Michaelmas °f *he fond commonly called the general fund, for raifing feven 171$.	hundred twenty four thoufand eight hundred forty nine pounds

fix (hillings ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, fpr the year ended at Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred Naval fervkes. and eighteen: and it is hereby ena&ed and declared. That out-of all or any of the aids or fppplies provided as aforefaid there (hall or may be ifiued or applied any further fum or (urns of money not exceeding nine hundred and fourteen thoufand fix* hundred thirty eight ppund$ feventeen (hillings and fix pence halfpenny, for or towards the naval fervices following, that is* to fay, for or towards defraying the charges of the ordinary of his Majefty’s navy, and for half-pay to Tea-officers; and for or towards victual, wages, wear and tear of the navy and victualling thereof p^rformej} fo be performed* WJ faf 9* tpwaids fca-

(ervjce

Deficiencies for the year 17x8.

Digitized by LjOOQle

Annaquioto OeoUchi I. c. 19*	89

(m»iar^ktvSic60f ordnance performed and to be performed,, aaduother Service* of the navy performed and to be performed: and any further film or films of money not exceeding eighty Repairs of the eight thoaSmd four hundred ninety four pounds, for or towards navy-repairs of bis Majefty’eTOvy performed and to be performed : aqd any fum or fums of money not exceeding feventy one thou- office of ord-land five hundred twenty feven pounds twelve (hillings and ele- nance, yen pence for the ebarge of the offite of ordnance, for or towards feuad^fervice performed* and to be performed: and any.Land-forces. film or fums.of money not exceeding in the whole the fum of eight'hundred and nkie thoufand fix hundred thirty fix pounds (Seventeen(hillings and fix pence halfpenny, for or towards main-*, tabling his Majefty’s land-forces, and other fervices herein after more particularly exprtfled; that is to fay, any fum not exceeding five hundred twenty fix thoufand nine nundred fixty four pounds eleven (hillings and eight pence, for defraying the Charge of twelve thoufand four hundred thirty five effe&ive men (cemmiffioned and non-commiffioned officers included) for guards and .garrifons and other his Majefty’s land-forces in Great Britain, Jerfey and Guemfey^ and other fervices relating to the forces, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen: and any fum or fums of money not exceeding one Garrifons In hundred forty feven thoufand fix hundred feventy two pounds Minorca, ice* five (hillings and ten pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Ma-forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons at Annapolis Royal and Placentia, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen: and any fum not exceeding twenty five thoufand Q^elfea hoC. pounds for the extraordinary charge of the royal hofpital at pitai.

Cbtlfta and the out-penfioners, for the year one thoufand feven Overplus here, hundred and nineteen, over and above the poundage and day’s efbrwtabe pay: and any fom or fums not exceeding the fum of one hun- ** dred,and ten thoufand pounds upon account of half-pay, for the fe&,	Half-

year one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, to be paid to the pay officers, reduced officers of his Majefty’s land-forces and marines; fub-jed neverthekfs to fuoh rules to beobferved in the application of the God half-pay, as are herein after preferibed in that behalf: and that the isud aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid (hall not be iffiied- pr applied to any ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever, other than towards the ufes and purpofes before-mentioned.

XLIll. Provided always. That foch fums. as, by or in pur- Provifo forthe fiance of any other aft or afts of parliament, are or (hall be due commiffioners of payable to any commiffioners for taking, examining, dating °f *be V"?* aivfc determining the debts due to the army, or to any commit- *e"<J e<lulTa' ftongs for. flaring the debts due and to grow due to	,

by waypf equivalent, for their falariea, or for their clerks, or of her incident charges, flail or may be paid out of the aids or foppficraforcfoid, or any of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwitbnanding.

XLIV. And as to the laid fum of one hundred and ten thou- Ruin to be dad poupd* by tbs adt appropriated upon account of balf-pay,

o?half p»y.

Digitized by

Google

AftnoqoifteoG*oJNSiiI. c.i	fiyrt;

si aforefaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the authorfey aforefaid, That the rule* herein after pre/bribed fhalhbe duly Obferved in the application thereof; that is to fay,

I.	That no perfon (haH have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor, under the age of fixteen yews, at the time when the regiment, troop or company ia which he ftrved was reduced.

а.	That no perfon (hall have or receive any pert of the fame, except ftich perfons who did abtual fervice m fome regiment, troop or company.

■ 3. That no perfon having any other [dace or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majefty, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay.

4. That no chaplain of any garrifon Or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice, or other preferment in Great Britain Or Ireland^ (hall have 01 receive any part of the faid half-pay.

• 5. That no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame,

,	who	hath	refigned his comsniffion, and has had no com million

fine*.

б.	That no part of die fame ffcaR he allowed to any perfon by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to foch perfon* Who would have been otherwise entitled to the fame as reduced officers.

7. And that no part of the fame lhaM be allowed to arty of. the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately disbanded in	,except to' foch as Were

lately taken off the eftablifoment of half-pay in Great Britain: Trrtfnrv t	XX,V.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and ena&>

apply out of & tythe authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to tbeappropri- and tor the comdniffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three ated fums fo or more of them, or the high treasurer of Great Britain tar foe much a» (hall tittle being, to Hfoe and apply, or caufe to be id-bed and applied, ftr'the'ex-17 Part« the monies by this a<ft appropriated for the publiek peirce of tug- lifts and (ervices before mentioned, aS fliall be neceffaty to bo mentation o? jffiied and applied for or towards thp mcreafe of expenee ariftn forces by fea

or to arife from fo<5fc augmentation, as hi* Majefty in hf* great pr an . ^HctOGi hath made1, or foal!-think fit to make, of hts fences by fta or land1, to dfoppoint the deffgrts of his enemies both at home and abroad; any thing hi this or any other aft or aStn of parliament contained to the contrary nofwithftanding.

^ f	XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared am* en-.

oie mo^ a<^ ty the authority aforefaid. That it (ball and may be faw-nics advanced fat to and for the commiffioners of bis Majefty’s treefofy, or by the South- any three* Or moro'of them, or the high treasurer of Great IM~ fca COnPeiny	^or thn# being, to ifliie and apply, or caufe td be ifibed

u4PVc	applied, all or any fart of the monies which (hall be

* #	* vartOed by the faid corporation hito the receipt of the exchequer

(for paying fuch debts and incumbrances, as aforefaid)> to or for any the publick ufes or fervices for which proviftort is made, or intended to be made by this aft, or by the foregoing olaufes of appropriation therein contained, fo asthe faid comraiffioners of

th?

Digitized by Google

the tccafary,' or high treafoter for the time being, do take «£* fedWal care, and they are hereby enjoined and required to take effedual care, that fuch fum or fums (part of the laid laud-tax* or duties on mall, mom, cyder and perry, or part of the loans authorised to be made feverally thereupon) as (hall be equal to the > fum pr (urns of the (aid advance-money To applied to the (aid jpublick ufes or fervices, be carefully referved and kept apart, to be applied for or towards difcharging the faid debts and in-pumhrances^ according to luch a<5t or z&s of parliament m jhall hereafter be made or pafled in that behalf; any thing io this or any other a& or a&s of parliament contained to the contrary notwitbftanding.

. XL VII. Aid whereas by an aft of parliament made in the fourth 4 Geo. 1. c. j* year of his Majejiy's reigny for continuing the duties on malt% mttmy The overplus

f&r and Perr*> fi™“ f iht?yr' /«“» ^ SSteaf?

deed and	eighteen,feveral fupplus	which had been granted tt hu ,7I]. granted

Majefty, as if therein mentioned, were appropriated to	ufes	to reduced ot-

find	purpofes therein expreffed ; anungft which any fum or fum, not *c5n*5all,be

exceeding the fum of ninety four thoufani upon account ^^amiedoffi-kaif-pay for the year one thou fond /even hundred and	were	„

intended to be paid to the refuted	officertof bis Majefty’s land-for cos his Majefty

find	marines, fubjefl neverthekfs to fuch rules io be in the (hall appoint,

application of the faid half’■pay, as in and by the fame ail were pre-Jfrihed in that behalf, and the deficiencies of the fiepplies art node good, or enabled to be made good by grants in this ftffion of par-foment: now it is hereby provided, enabled and declared by the authority aforelaid, That fo much of the faid fum of ninety-four tbouiand pounds as is or lhall be moFe than fufficient to fatisfy ihe faid reduced officers, according to the faid rules by the laid former ad preferibed to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, (hall and may be difpofed to fach officers who were maimed,, or loft their limbs in the late wars,

<or to fuch others as, by reaion of their long fervice, or otherwife, hi& Majefty (hall judge to be proper objects of charity, who are pot ftridly qualified within the rules by the faid recited ad prescribed to receive the fame, or to the widows or children of fuch pfficers whom his Majefty (hall judge to be proper objeds of pharity, according to fuch warrant or warrants under his Majefty’s rqyal fign manual as lhall be figned in that behalf; any thing in this or the faid former ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVUI. And whereas by an ail made in the tenth year to Ann. c. t* fhe reign of her late majefty fftutin Anne, for laying feveral duties f- »7P-Upon allfoap and paper made in Great Britain, andfor other purpofes Claule to limit therein mentioned, it it provided,That cards and dice may he e»- ft^Sonsm»n ported (free of the	fiamp-duties) bond being entred into to her	- bonds for ex.

fit, her heirs or fucceffirs,	withfufficisnt furety or fur sties, in a penal porting cards

fum of double the duties on Juch cords or dice, with condition for *n<t dice* exporting the fame into fome part or port beyond the within A time to be limited in fuch bond-, and that the , or any of them, bf relanded in any part of Qrept Britain; fiub bonds *	art

Digitized by Google

Aanoquinto Georoft I. c. 19.	£17*8^

tfr/ be left in the hands of the commi/Jidnen for the Jfomp-du-tm\ which provijion was intended for encouraging the exporta tioor of cards and dice into foreign parts, but hath been fouHi to be a' great difcouragement thereof in regard fuch bonds do or may lie out ogainff the parties bound therein, although the conditions thereof are or /baft have been performed 5 and in regard feme of the obligprs infucb bonds have been profecuted thereupon Jeveral years after the dates thereof and are or may be liable to the penalties although no fraud oar relanding be proved agqinft them,for that the proof is on their party and the perfons ufually bound in fuch bonds as fureties for the makers or fellers of fuch cards and dice exported, are thofe who actually export the fame, and upon account of fuch juretyfbip cannot be legal tvitnejfes for the principals in fuch bends > and it is impracticable to bring living witnejfes, or fuch fufficient proof as the law at preffk. requires, from the Eaft and Weft Indies, and other foreign parts to which cards and dice are commonly exported, to prove the landings and confumptions thereof in fuch foreign parts: and whereas great f' quantities of cards and dice exported are often confumed in long voyages at fea, and there is no provijion in the faid ad for prafectU-ing fuch bonds in any limited time, or for any difeharge thereof and it is reafonable to give relief in the premtffis: be it enabled bf the authority aforefaid, That as to fuch of the faid bonds as have been fentred into at any time or times before the fixth day1 of April one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, and are now*, remaining in the hands of the commiflioners for the (lamp-duties, or any of his Majefty’s officers, in cafe there (hall be profecution for feme breach or non-performance* of the refpedb^ ive conditions thereof, before the fixth day of April one thoO-fand feven hundred and twenty one, or it upon fuch profecti-tfon, proof be not made of Tome fraud in breach or non-performance of fuch conditions, and judgment thereupon obtained for his Majefty, before the fixth day of April one thoufand! feven hundred and twenty two, then fuch of the faid bonds (b already entred into, (hall (for want of fuch proof or judgment) be void; and that all profecutions now depending upon any of the faid bonds, which have not been commenced within two years after the date thereof, and where proof hath not been made, or (hall not be made, before the (ixth day of April ont thoufand feven hundred and twenty, of feme fraud in breach or non performance of the conditions, (hall ceafe and determmei and as to fuch bonds as (hall be entred into after the faid fixth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, in cafe there (hall be no proof of fome fraud in breach or non performance of the refpe&ive conditions, or if proof thereof be lidt made within two years after the dates of the bonds, or if opo^ fuch profecution as is laft mentioned, judgment be not obtained for his Majefty upon fuch proof, as aforefaid, withhi the fpace of one year after the fame profecution commenced, then every fuch bond which (hall be entred into, as aforefaid (in de* fault of fuch profecution to be commenced, and judgment to be obtained, as aforefeid, within the times before limited) (h*tt

Digitized by v^.ooQle

•t yi g.} Anno quinto GeoRgii !« c* *0*

^alfo be vo}d ; and all bonds-made void by this a A (haB bt delivered up by the refpetfive officers, having the fame in their keeping, to be cancelled, without fee or reward*

CAP. XX.

jin aft for fettling certain yearly funds payable out of tbi revenue of Scotland, to fatisfy publick debts in Scotland, and other ufes mentioned in the treaty of union 5 and to difebargt the equivalents claimed on behalf of Scotland in the terms of the fame treaty •, and for obviating all future dijputes, charges and expences concerning tbofe equivalents*

MA Y it pkafe your moll excellent Majefty, Whereat in and Uf the fixtb article of the treaty for the union of the two kingdoms of England and Scotland, (which treaty was ratified by alts of parliament pajfed in either kingdom, and particularly by an aft made A England in the fifth year of the reign of her late majejfy. Sheeen Anne, of blejfed memory) it was provided that the cuftoms and duties on import and export, fettled in England when the union com~ menced, Jbould from and after the union, take plate throughout the whole united kingdom, excepting and referving, as in the /aid article is particularly exprejfed-y and in and by the feventb article of the find treaty it was provided, That all parts of the united kingdom jbould for ever ,from and after the union> be liable to the fame excifes (excepting only that fuch beer or ale as are therein deferibed, Jbould not after the union be liable, upon account of the then prefent exeiji upon excifeable liquors in England, to any higher impofition than two jbillings Jlerling upon thirty four gallons Englilh barrel, being twelve gallons of the then prefent Scots meafure •>) and it was by the articlelajl mentioned provided, That the exeije then fettledin England upon all other Hqours Jbould, when the union commenced, take place throughout the whole united kingdom: and in and by the fourteenth article of the jaid treaty of mion, it was provided. That Scotland Jbould not be charged with any duties laid on by the parliament of England before the find union (except, fuch as were confented to 19 the /aid treaty) in regard it was agreed. That all necejfary provifion Jbould be made by the then parliament of Scotland for the publick charge and fervice of that kingdom, for the year one tboufand /eve* hundred and feven\ providing neverthtlefs, That if the parliament ^-England Jbould think fit to lay qny further impofitions, by way of cuftoms, or fuch excifes with which, by virtue of the faid treaty% Scotland was to be charged equal with England, in fuch ^ Scotland Jbould be liable to the fame cufioms and excifes, and have an equi~ valent to be fettled by the parliament of Great Britain: and where? as by the terms of the faid treaty the fubjefts of Scotland, for pre-Jervingran equality of trade throughout the united kingdom, would be liable to feveral cuftoms and excifes then payable in England,'wWrA would be applicable towards payments of the debts of England, con-trafted before the union: it was by the fifteenth article of tbi Jaid treaty agreed* That Scotland Jbould have an equivalent for wbat the

fubjtfts

$s

Ann. c. I,

Digitized by L.ooQie

Anno qdnto Georgii'I. c.«fc *[17*$,

Jib}efts tbtrnf	jhould btfa thtrgti towards payment of the faid

of England in all particulars wbatfoever, in manner therein	Prcjf

id, (viz.) That before the union of the Jatd kingdom* the fum of three hundred ninety eight thoufand and eighty five pounds ten fillings, Jhould be granted to htr faid Mafefty by the parliament of England for the uks qfier mentioned, being the eauipaleni to be anfwered'to Scotland for fuch farts of the faid cufloms and extifes upon all ex-cifcable liquors with which that kingdom was to be charged upon the Union, as would be applicable to the payment of the faid debts of England, according to the proportions therein fpecifiei: and m regard that after the union, Scotland becoming liable to the fovuxufloms and Julies payable on import and export, and to the fame extifes an all enfeeble liquors as in England, as well upon that account, as upon the account of mcredfe of trade and people, the faid revenues would vntfh improve beyond the amueS values thereof fet down in the fold article, whereof no prefent eflimate could then be made\yet neverthelefs for the reafbnsof orefaid, it was thereby declared. That there onvbt to be aproportiortable equivalent arftvered to Scotland: and it wab agreed, , *That after the union there fbotdd be an account kept of the faid in- I ties arifing in Scotland, to the end that it might appear what ought to be anfwered to Scotland as an equivalent for fuch proportion of the faid intreafe as fbould be applicable to the payment of the debts of England: and for the further and more effectual atfwering the fevered ends after mentioned, it was agreed. That from and after the union, the whole increafe of the revenues of tujlotns and duties on import and export, and extifes upon excifcable liquors in Scotland* over and above the annual produce of the faid refpeftive duties m j therein fated, fbould go and be applied for the term of feven years to the nfes after mentioned; and that upon the faid account there Jbotdd be anfwered to Scotland annually, from the end of feven years after the union, an equivalent in proportion to fuch part of the faid in* creafe as Jhould be applicable to the debts of England, and generaUy that an equivalent Jhould be anfwered to Scotland for fieth parts of the Englifh debts as Scotland might thereafter become liable to payoy reafon of tlx union, other than fuch for whtch appropriations bad been made by parliament in England, of the cujloms or other duties on exfort or import, and extifes on all excifeable liquors, in refpefi of which debts the equivalents were therein before provided•, and as to the nfes U which the hid fum of three hundred ninety right thoufand and eighty five pounds ten /hillings, and all other monies which were to be an* fevered or allowed m Scotland, as aforefaiA, were to be applied, it tom by the faid treaty agreed. That in the firft place, out of the aforefaid fum, what conflieration Jhould be found necejfary lo be had for any iojfis which private perfons might Juflain by reduemg the "coin of Scotland to the ftandard end value of the coin of England, Jhould be made good•, in the next place, that the capital feck or fund of the thou 'African andIndian company of Scotland advanced, together with the tnterefl for the faid capital flock, after the rate of five pounds ft* rentum per annum ,frm the reffective times of tie payment them* of, Jhould be paid-, upon payment of which capital flock and interM, ft was agreed the find company fbotdd he dijpdved andeeafey agios

to

Digitized by Google

*7i$vl	Anno	qwtfo	GfiORCii	I.	C.20.

to Kthe overplus of the faid funs of three hundred ninety eight tboUr find and eighty five pounds ten Jhillings (after payment of what eonfideration Jbould he had for Ioffes in repairing the eoin, and paying the faid capital flock and inter eft) and alfo the whole increafe of the fold revenues of cufioms, duties and excifes, qbove the then prefent value9 which Jbould arife in Scotland, during the faid term of feven yearS4 together witn .the equivalent which Jlsould become due up-pa the improvement thereof in Scotland, after the faid term, and alfo as to all other fums which according to the agreements afore faid might become payable to Scotland, by way of equivalent for what tfcat kingdom Jbould thereafter become liable towards payment of the debts of England, it was by the faid article agreed, That the fame Jbould' be applied in manner following, viz. That all the publick debts of thy kingdom, of Scotland, as Jhould be adjujled by the then prefent parliament, Jbould be paid, and that two thoufandpounds per annum, for the fpiue cf Jeven years, Jixuld be applied towards iucourqging and promoting the manufacture cf coarje wool within tbofe Jhires which produced the wool, and (furwards the fame Jhould be wholly imploy-id towards incouraging and promoting the fjheries and fuch other manufactures and improvements in Scotland, as might moft conduce to I he general good of the united kingdom; and it was agreed, That her Majejly Jbould be impowcred to appoint commijftoners, who Jhould be accountable to the parliament of Great Britain, for difpojing the'faid fum of three hundred ninety eight thoufand and eighty five pounds ten Jbillings, and all other monies which Jhould arife to Scotland, upon the agreements aforefaid, to the purpofes before-mentioned, who Jbould keep their office within the limits of ocotland, with fuch powers, and be fubjeCl to fuch directions for keeping accounts and performing other matters and things, as in the faid fifteenth article were preferibed* And whereas for preventing all mijlakes or abufes which might binder the ready application of the aforefaid money to the proprietors, and others concerned in the flock of the African and Indian company of Scotland, conform to the faid article, there was an aCt made in the laft fejjion of the lajl parliament i/* Scotland, intituled,

A& concerning the payment of the fums out of the equivalent to the African company, wherein it was enacted. That the directors of the faid African and Indian company ^Scotland Jbould make up accounts of the fums advanced by the proprietors of the faid company, and debts due to (a) the faid company, on the firjl day of May then next, ^ £damned fits therein was prefiribed; and in like manner by another aCl of the \Jitbtbe record, faid parliament of Scotland* intituled, A& concerning, the publick debts, the payments to be made on account of the publick debts of Scotland, were adjujled•, as in and by the find treaty of union, and fevered aCls before recited or mentioned (amongjl other things therein conjoined) relation being thereunto feveraUy had, may more fully appear.

And whereas the faid fum of three hundred ninety eight thoufand and fiigbty five pounds ten Jbillings, was paid for and on the part of England to the cmmijfioners of the equivalent in Scotland, purfuant to dhe aforefaid articles, and confiderable fums were by themijjiud out according to the fame, and the above recited ads of parliament in ScQt-Jand, but b experience it was found that fome father direction was

yet

€

Digitized by v^ooQle

$6	Anno	quinto	GEoftGIl	I.	C.	20.	[t&

neafjhry for the better application of what remained of the find' fum unapplied, and all other films which ivere or might become due by virtue of the agreements afore [did, and fir the more effectual attaining the ends mentioned in the laid fifteenth article of the treaty and dfts above recited; and therefore an aft was made and pajfed in the 4 Ann c	parliament of Great Britain in the fixthyear of her find lot? Mttjeftys

* *** reign, intituled. An a<5t for the further directing the payment of the equivalent money, containing powers and directions, as if the fame, relation being thereunto alfo had, may more fully appear. And whereas by an aft of parliament of Great Britain, made in the 13aAnn*c’46' lonthyear of her faid late Majefifs reign, (amongft other things) fir lo8# obviating doubts concerning certain payments in Scotland, it was enacted, That the fees, falaries, and other charges allowed, or to be allowed by her Majefiy, her heirs or fucceffors, fir keeping up the courts of feffion and jufticiary, and exchequer-court of Scotland, Were and might be chargeable upon any part of the revenues of cuftoms and ex-> cife of Scotland, preferable to all other payments whatfoever, (the charges of management excepted) but Jo as not any way to prevent cay application of the excrefcence out of the faid cuftoms and ex cife appointed by any former law, as by the fame aft {relation being thereunto it Ann. flat. a.	maP more fafy appear. And whereas an a ft ofparliament

c. 13.	*	of	Great	Britain	was	made	in the twelfth year of her faid late Aia-

jefly's reign, intituled. An	to difcharge and acquit the commif-

fioners of equivalent for the fum of three hundred eighty one thoufand five hundred and nine pounds fifteen (hillings and ten pence halfpenny, by them duly iffued out of the fum of three hundred ninety eight thoufand and eighty five pounds ten (hillings, which they received, reciting, That the cornmi/ftoners fir difpofmg the faidfum of three hundred ninety eight thoufand and eighty five pounds ten )billings, and all other monies which Jhudd arifie to Scptland upon the agreements in the faid treaty of union, or use major part of them, purfuant to feyeral commijfions from her Majefiy, had well and duly iffued and paid the fum of three hundred eighty one thoufand five hundred and nine pounds fifteen jhillings and ten pence halfpenny, as directed by the laws in that behalf, in manner therein Jet down, (videlicet) towards the lofs which private perfoefs fufiained by reducing the Englifh money then in Scotland to the current rate in England, the fum of three thoufand and fiventeen pounds eighteen Jhillings and nine pence $ fir recoining the Scots and foreign ' ney, and reducing it to the fiandard of the coin of England, the fink of forty nine thoufand eight hundred eighty eight pounds fourteen fiH* lings and eleven pence one fixth part of a penny; towards payment ff the flock,' inter eft, and debts of the Indian and African company, m fum of two hundred twenty nine thoufand fix hundred did eleven pounds Jour /hillings and eight pence; towards the charges of the ccmmiffioners fecretaries and accountants of the two treaties of union, the film of thirty thoufand four hundred ninety eight pounds twelve fbilltngs and two pence; towards payment of the firfi clafs of the civil lift, the fum of twenty feven thoufand five hundred and fifty three pounds Jeventeen /hillings and nine pence one third qf a penny5 towards payment of the fecond clafs of the civil Bfi, the fum of £ntr

Digitized by v^.ooQle

i;rt8v] 7 Aono quinto G*oRffif I. a 20* *\

thoufand fix hundred fifty five pounds and fix /hillings; towards pay-, mint of the fir ft clafs of the military lift, the fum offourteen thoufand one hundred eighty eight pounds and eight pence; towards payment of the fecond clafs of the military lift, the fum of fourteen thoufani four hundred fifty eight pounds two /billings and eight penes and five fixths of a penny ; for the fees and falaries of the fervanU of ' the commiftion till the fourteenth of March and thirtieth 0/" April then lafi pajU the fum of five tboufond four hundred and thirteen . pounds eleven /billings and four pence \ for the nece/fary charges of the commiftion, and for defending of law fuits where the titles <f parties were not clear (thofe charges preceding the fix and twentieth day of March then laft pafi) the jum of two thoufand two bun*, dred twenty four pounds fix /hillings and ten pence one fixth of a penny: and it was thereby declared, That the /aid commiftmers of the equivalent Jhould be acquitted of the feveral Jums above jet down* amounting in the whole to the find fum of three hundred eighty om thoufand five hundred and nine pounds fifteen /billings and ten pence halfpenny; providing nevertbekfsy That nothing therein contained Jbould free them from applying the fum of fixteen thoufand five hundred feventy five pounds fourteen /hillings and one penny halfpenny9 being the ballancs of the faid three hundred ninety eight thoufand and eighty five pounds ten /billings then remaining in their hands, together with what other fums were or tnight become dui and payable to them, to fuch ufes, and for fiuh purpefes, as the former afts therein mentioned did appoint and dire ft: and it appearing, That the ether publick debts of Scotland then unfatisfied, which were adjufted and certified\ purfuant to the direftions of the feveral afts therein re-cited) did then amount to the fum of two hundred and thirty thoufand three hundred and eight pounds nine /hillings and ten pence five fixths of a penny r including the interefi of fuch parts thereof as bore inter eft from the four and twentieth day of Tune one thoufand feven hundred and eight to the four and twentieth day of June one thoufand feven, hundred and fourteen \ it was thereby emitted, That it might and Jhould be lawful for the commjfioners of equivalent for the time being, or any three or more of them) and they were thereby dire fted and required forthwith to catl for and receive all the certificates and other warrantsr and receive and cancel all the debentures for which the debt aforefaidr amounting to the film of two hundred and thirty thoufand three hundred and eight pounds nine /hillings and ten pence five fixths of a penny) was conftitutedand eftabli/bed\ and iftiu out new debentures devife-able and transfer ruble, as the former debentures were, for the /aid fum1 to the fevered perfons proportionally and refpeftively entitled thereuntO) which new debentures are thereby .enafted to bear inter eft from and after the faid four and twentieth day.of June one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen) after the rate offive pounds per centum per annum \ and that fuch intcreft /ball be paid out of the firjl and readieft of the. monies which either, were or Jhould become due to Scotland*^ way of equivalent^ according to the agreements in the treaty of union above recitedf? and the, principal according to the order and preferences mentioned in the fifteenth article of the faid treaty, and fie-

Vol. XIV.	H	*	c	veral

9*.

Digitized by

v	Aiitt6^uirtt(J<5«oftGii	L	c.	20.'	[*71®.

iiAnn.flat.i. verailaws andafts therein mentioned, as by the faid aft of the twelfth c. 13.	year of her faid late Majejly's reign, relation being thereunto' had9

iGco.i, ftat.2. nyy affo more fully appear.' And whereas by an off of parliament ** %1'	of Great Eritain, made and pajfed in thefirjlyear of your Maje/fy*s

reign, intituled, An acSt for taking and Rating the debts due and growing due to Scotland, by way of equivalent in the terms of the union ; and for relief of tnfe creditors of the publick in Scotland, and the eommiffioners of the equivalent, your Majejly was im-powered to appoint eommiffioners for taking, examining and fating the debts due and growing due to Scotland by Way of equivalent, and provifion way thereby made for payment of a fum not exceeding fifteen thoufand eight hundred twenty two pounds eight /hillings and Feven pfnet three farthings, to the commi/fioners of equivalent /V Scotland, or any per Jons appointed by them, or any two of them, out of the mo-. niesdr'tfen or to arife by the faid revenues of cujlms and txetfe of Scotland, or either ofthem, for the payment of one year's inter eft, (videlicet )from the twenty third of June one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen to the twenty fourth of June one thoufand ftven hundred and fifteen of the capital fum of two hundred and thirty thoufand three hundred and eight pounds nine /hillings and ten pence and five fixtbs of a penny, Jiated due to the creditors of the publick in Scotland, on i*Ann flat z	twenty Jourt^ °f June one thbufand feven hundred and fourteen,

c< IJ# ’	*2‘	purfuarit	to the faid aft of the twelfth year of her faid late Mdjefifs

reign, and for payment of the falaries of the Jaid commi/fioners of equivalent, and of the fees and falaries of their fervants, and netejfary charges, from the Jaid twenty third of. June one thoufand feven run-dr ed and fourteen to the twenty fourth of June one thoufandfeven hun-3Geo. 1. c. 14.. dred and fifteen? and by an aft of parliament of Great Britain, made in the third year of your Majejly* s reign, for continuing the aft lajl before recited, the powers given to sour Majejly, for appointing commi/fioners for taking and fating the debts due and growing due to Scotland, by way of equivalent in the terms of the Union, were continued for the term therein mentioned; and by the aft loft mention-ed the commi/fioners of your Majejly's treafury were impowered (after 10 Ann. c. 1$. pay\ng or rejervingJufficient to pay the civil ejlabli/bment in Scotland, authorized by the faid aft of the tenth'year of her feud late Majejly* 1 reign) to caufe payment of a fum not exceeding thirty one thoufand five hundred fixty fve pounds two Jhillings and five pence halfpenny, to the eommiffioners of the equivalent in Scotland, out oft he monies arifen or to arife out of any of the cujloms, duties, excifes or revenues, under the management of the eommiffioners of the cuftoml and commi/fioners of ex-cife in Scotland, or either of them, for payment ofHvo years interejf of the laid capital fum of two hundred and thirty thoufand three hundred ana eight pounds nine /hillings and ten pence and five fixths of a penny, and of eighteen thoufana two hundred'forty one pounds ten JEH* lings and ten pence and two thirds of a penny, fiated due to William Paterfon, efq\ by an aft of the firjl year of your Majejly's reign, from the twenty third ofJune one thoufand /even hundredand fifteen to the twenty fourth tf June one thoufand feveri hundred and feventeen, and for payment of the falaries of the xornmiffioneri of $-6

Digitized by v^,ooQle

1718.] Anno quinto GeoRGII I. C. 20.	99

quivalent, and of the fees and fabrics of their /truants, and the ne~. cejjary charges of the office for the fiid two yean; providing never-thelefs, That the ccmmiffioners of the equivalent ^Scotland for the time beings Jbould /cure and retain in their hands the fum of fourteen thoufand pounds feerling, appointed by the faid ffteenth article of the union, for the encouragement of the manufacture of coarfe wool, in fucb (hires where the fame was or Jbould be produced, to be appliedfor the benefit cf the find manufacture, and the wool-ma/ers, and to no ether ufie or purpofe whatjoraer, as by the two aCls la ft before re- 3 Geo. i.c. 14* cited may alfo more fully appear; which feveral fums for payment of1 ° Ann. c. interefe, fabrics and charges, were ijfued to the faid commiffioners of. equivalent accordingly. And whereas by rcafon of many doubts arifmg in the confiruCtion of the faid fifteenth article of the faid treaty, and other laws rebting to the excreficence of the Jhid equivalent, and to the growing equivalent due and becoming due to Scotland, and by reafion of the many difficulties which attend feparating and difeinguifbing between debts incurred before the union, and debts incurred for fervice of the united kingdom (both which have without diftinClionbeen provided ror fence the union) the commiffioners for taking andfating the debts lue and growing due to Scotland, by way of equivalent, have not been

ft

au

able to adjufe the accounts thereoffor the time pa ft, and are like to meet with infuperable difficulties therein for the future, during fo long time as the fame is to continue in the terms of the faid treaty, cu-.r 7 *' f *	*	*	*	•	fuel	*	J

though the making or endeavouring to make fuch accounts is attended with an exceffive charge to the public k, and may occafeon great vexations and //contents in the united kingdom: for obviating where-of? we yourMajeftjr’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedts, • the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, as we think it juft aid reafonable, fo we alio judge it to be mod conducible to the publick quiet and tranquillity, That in lieu and full difeharee of all equivalents whatfoever, that might hereafter be demanded From England, or the united kingdom, upon the foot of the faid treaty, fuch certain annuities or yearly funds and other provifions may be fettled and eftabiflhed for thefatisfadlion of thofe interefted or concerned in the monies which were expedted to arife from the /aid equivalents, as are hereafter in this adt exprefled; and do therefore humbly pray your Majefty, that it may be enadted, and be it ena&ed by the KLing’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That yearly and every year, reckoningthe From June**, firft year to begin from the feaft of the nativity of Saintjehn 1719. iooool. Baptife one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, the full fum andioool.fluli e£ ten thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain (hall	the

be one yearly fund, and the full fum or two thoufand pounds purpofesin of like money (hall be another yearly fund, for the feveral pur- this aft, and pofes in this a<Sb exprefled concerning the fame yearly funds re- payable for e-fpe&ively $ and that the faid yearly funds (hall continue and be payable for ever, fubje<ft neverthelefs to redemption by parlia- byparliament, jnent, according to the refpe&ive provifoes herein after contain- Farther provi* cd in that behalfY and that the faid feveral annuities or yearly fan is made

h *	*““*>■

cite in Scot land.

loo	Anno quinta GeoRGII I. c. 20.	[171

•ood. fhnds, during the continuance thereof refpe&ively, (hall be ilGiv.t.c.io. charged and chargeable upon, and be payable and paid out ol payable out of the monies arifen and to arife, from time to time,, ot or for any the duties un.	cuftoms, duties, excifes or revenues, that arc or (hall be tm-

«a«n^™of ^cr t*lc management of the commiffioners of the cuftoms and thecommif- commiflioners of the excife in Scotland, or either of them, or of {loners of cu- any commiffioners, fanners or managers of thofe revenues, or tfoms and ex- any Gf them, for the time being, which (hall from time to time remain, after paying or referving fufficient to pay the charges of managing the faid revenues, and of keeping up the faid three courts, and other charges of the civil government in Scotland^ purfuint to fuch eftabliihment or eftablifhments as are or (hall be made in that behalf, and with preference to all payments what-foever, other than thofe charges, and other than fuch drawbacks and allowances, as are or (hall be fettled by any ad or ads of parliament to be made out of the faid revenues, or any of them, fn cafe of de- H* And11 ls hereby cnaded, That in cafe the produce of the ficiency the faid duties, cuftoms, excifes or revenues (hall at any time or times faid fums to appear to be fo low or deficient, as that there (hould not be (uf-be made good ficient thereof to (atisfy the faid annuities or yearly funds of ten ^herrevenuein ^oufand pounds and two thoufand pounds, or either of them, Scotland) hi- when the fame (hall become due, then and fo often and in every troduced’bv fuch cafe, the deficiencies thereof (hall and may be fatisfied and virtue of the made good by or out of any other revenues in Scotland\ which JSieh asCXCC|>t wcre ,ntro^uccc^ by virtue or the faid treaty of union, or to which therwife^-0* the fubje&s of Scotland are or (hall be liable, other than fuch re-propriated. venues as are exprefly appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any a St or a&s of parliament of Great Britain made fince the (aid adt for confirming the faid treaty of union.

The (aid funds* HI. And it is hereby ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That (hall be paid the faid feveral annuities or funds of ten thoufand pounds and two thoufand pounds per annum (hall be paid and payable at the four moft ufual feafts in the year, that is to fay, the feaft of Saint Michael the Archangel, the birth of our Lord Chrift, the annunciation of the Blefled Virgin Mary, and the feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptjjl, by even and equal portions, until the redemption of the fame refpeftively according to the refpc&iva Firft payment provifoes herein after contained in that behalf; the firft payment to begin at thereof to be due and accounted due and payabld at the feaft of Saint Michael the Archangel in the year of our Lord one thoufand The funds free feven hundred and nineteen; and that the faid feveral annuities from taxes, or yearly funds and every paFt thereof (hall be free froo) all taxes or publick charges and impofitions whatfoever laid or to be laud thereupon by authority of parliament.

IV.	And it is hereby ena&ed by the authority aforefzud. That the commiffioners Of his Majefty’s treufury now being, and tht for pay- high treafurerof Great Britain and the commiffioners of the trea-™ fury of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs for the time being, (hall and they refpe&ively arc hereby Empowered and ftri£Uy enjoined and required to iflue their warrants and orders for making Inpayment* pCfhe (aid annuities pr yearly funds from time to

tifliib

at the four moft ufual feafts.

The treafuiy to iflue warrants ment laid yearly fundi.

Digitized by

Google

«7t8J Anno quinto Georgri I. c.ao.	roi

fhne, according to the true intent and meaning of this «ndrTobe mads

that the payments thereof (hall be made by the proper commit without fee or

Goners or officers from time to time without any fees or charges chaw.

whatsoever to be demanded or taken forpaying the lame; and P*“aJty of di-

ff any commiffioner, receiver general, officer or other perfon

perfons, who (hall hafve in his or their hands any the monies fame.

which, in purfuance of this ad, (hall be ordered or appointed

for payment of the faid annuities or yearly funds, or either of

them, Stall divert or mifapply the lame or any part thereof, con*

frary to the tenor and true meaning of this ad, then every fuch

Commiffioner, receiver general, officer or perfon, for fuch offence

(ball be readied incapable to ferve his Majcfty, his hors or fuc-

teffirts, m any office or employment of truft or profit, and be

liable to pay oouble the value of the money fo diverted or mif-

applied to the ufe of the corporation which (hall be ere&ed in

purfuance of this ad, for the benefit of the creditors of Scotland%

end to be recovered by adion of debt or of the cafe, bill, fuit or

information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlmin•

JfiTy or in the faid court of exchequer of Scotland, wherein no efioin, prote&ion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance Jhali be granted or allowed.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid,~

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the King’s majcfty, by icttcrf by letters patents under the great feal of Groat Britain, to incor- tent incorpo-porate all and every the proprietors of the debts and fums of mo- rate the pro-ncy ftated to amount to the faid principal Aims of two hundred and thirty thoufand three hundred and eight pounds nine (hil- 5ue to Scot-lings and ten pence and five fixths of a penny, and eighteen land: thoufand two hundred forty one pounds ten (hillings and ten pence two thirds of a penny; both Aims making two hundred forty eight thoufand five hundred and fifty pounds and nine pence halfpenny; and all and every perfon and perfons, natives mnd foreigners, bodies politick and corporate, which as executors, ftdmmiftrators, fuccefiors or affigns, or by any other lawful title derived or to be derived from, by or under the faid proprietors, at any time or times hereafter, mall have or be entitled to any part, ihare or intereft of or in the faid capital fums amounting to two htmdred forty eight thousand five hundred and fifty pounds find nine pence halfpenny, fo long as they refpe&ively mall have tiny part, fhare or intereft therein, to be one body politick and corporate, by fuch name as the King’s majefty (hall think mod proper; and that by fuch name the faid corporation (hall have which corp*» perpetual fucceffion, (fubjeft neverthelcfs to fuch redemption as ration fhall is herein after appointed in that behalf;) and that they and their b*vt perpem-foccefibrs, by the name aforefaid, ftufll be able and capable in law “ fucceffion, io fee and implead, befued and impleaded, aniwer and be an- an<ima7faCQP fwcitd in courts of record or any other place whatfoever, in all befuedj adions and caufes whatfoever, for, touching or concerning the /ecehring and recovering of the faid annuity or fund of ten tnou-/and pounds per annum, and the diftribution thereof to thofe who from time to time be intcrcftc^ in the feme, with fuch # j	powers

Digitized by Google

iot

The capital Turns to be a joint flock,and transferrable, too.

Members of the corporation entitled to annuitiesin proportion to their (hares, and payable quarterly.

\ "

Anno qiiinto GpoltGH 1. C.20.	[1718*

powers to do and perform fuch other matters and things appertaining to them to do or perform touching or concerning the faid capital fums and the faid yearly fund payable in reSpcEtr thereof, as the King's majefty by the (ame letters patents (haH think fit to grant.

VI. And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforelkid. That the faid capital fums amounting to two hundred forty eight thoufand five hundred and fifty pounds and nine pence balfc-penny (hall be and be deemed to be the capital or joint dock of the (aid corporation; and that the (hares and interefts of the particular members of and m fhe fame from time to time (hail be afiignable, transferrable and devifeable in fuch manner as the King’s majefty by the faid letters patents (hall preferibe and ap-point, until the redemption thereof.

' VII. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority, afore-* ibid, That all and every the members of the Caid corporation (hall have and be entitled to an annuity or yearly fum in p*o-portion to his or their (hare in the (aid capita) fum and fteckof fwo hundred forty eight thoufand five hundred and fifty pounds and nine pence halfpenny 5 which annuities or yearly fums (hdi be paid and payable at the four mod ufual fcaftsinthe ^earbea fore-mentioned, by even arid bqual portions, until the redemption thereof by parliament according to the iptovifo herein after contained in that behalf.

VIII. And whereas by virtu* of former oSs of parliament, btotures were authorized and dirthed to he made forth far the Aid federal debts amounting to two hundred forty eight thoufand five mm* dred and fifty pounds and nine pence halfpenny, which are afiSgnabii and transferrable by indorfement, and hear inter eft at the rate of ySri* pounds per centum per annum, and fence of the perfons inUrejtedin part of the faid debts have not yet taken forth the debentures to which The judges of refpefltvely are entitled purfuant to the faid alls: now it is the exchequer hereby enabled and declared by the authority aforefeid, That ha in Scotland all fuch cafes the judges of the court of exchequer in Seothndi (h dl make de- & any three 0r more of them, (being fatisfied in the titles of (uch perfons6^end- Per{c>*>s) (hall make forth and fign debentures for fuch particular tied to fums fo rAfc far which fuch debentures-are not already made forth, and for which deliver the fame to the perfohS entitled thereto refpcdHvely, or none are al- foch ag they refpe&ively (had! appoint to receive the fame; which forth .made (hall bear intereft and be transferrable and aiSgnabie, and bo which deben- made and iffued in the fahie manner and form and under fach

turesihaUbear intereft,and he transferrable $c.

The faid judges to give tiotjee to exhibit debenture*

conditions, as if they had been made forth by the commiftion^ ers for difpofiftg thfe equivalents in Scotland, according to the (aid former &<5h	*'

IK. And td the end it ihay be known who are the praprie* tors of the fold capital fams amounting m two hundred tbrty eight thoufand five hundred and fifty pounds and nine pence halfpenny; it is hereby eqafled by the authority aforefaid. That the judges of his Majefty’s court of exchequer in Scot And (hall, by publick publication at the market-crofs at Edinburgh% or by any other form of publick publication as the fiud judges

flhali

Digitized by L^ooQle

171 $.J	• Anita qtrinto CifoKonil. t. 20.	103

(hall think fit, intimate to all parties wjthin or without the king- beregiUrM dotn, having interefts in the (aid ftated debts of Scotland, to pro- the King’s duceor caufe to be produced before Jthe feid judges in Edinburgk, remembrsn-in the ordinary place where the laid court of exchequer meets, cer, Ac. *. at or beforepny day or days to be by them therein prefixed, not thorter than fix months from the date of the publick publication at the market-crofs of Edinburgh, and there to exhibit their dc-/bentures to be regiftred in the faid court of exchequer; whidh Fc^far rcgl-Ihall be accordingly regiftred there by the KingV remembrancer ftring. for the time being without fee or change, other than the fuip pf fix pence for regiftring every fuch debenture wherein the prifi-cipal (hall exceed fifty pounds; to which tegifter all periods concerned (hall and may have free access, at all fealbnable ‘times without fee or charge.	/	’•	'	''	'	t	.	’	r	^

X. And it being juft arid reafonabU that inter eft dui tti the ftiid	j

debtiy after the rate of five pounds per cer/fum per anrife/JJW fbe	,

three and twentieth anyofJune one thoufdtdffytn hundred aridfevm-' teeny until the faii’feqfi of the nativity of Sat# John Baptift'fe thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, togelhef'with the charges Of the commiffton of the equivalent in Scotland, jhbiild be provided for :'he it further enabled by,the authority afofefaid, Thgt the cothmif- °utofthemo-fiobers of the treasury, or lord high treasurer of Great Britain fbr	^	r

the time being, (ball and may and they are.hereby jmpowertd ltomi, Ac. the and direfled, out of the monies arifen arid to arife of or* for the M»sAiry .(ii«^l , faid cuftoms, duties, excifes and other revenues chafed wjth wide payment the faid annuities or yearly funds as afbfefaid, which (nail frofiY f°chp™f0n£i . time to time remain ne*t after paying 6f^teferring Ibffifent to "the Kihgurw pay, as well the charges pf managing the fame revenues'and der hisfign /keeping up the three epurts, and tpe faid other; chafes bf trfic ™a™al Jial* civil government in Scotland> as %\fo the Aims which ffairbc j^gih^s.id. grown due and in arreaf from time to fee for 6r upon tHefald fbr intereft of 1 annuities or funds of ten thoufand poi^iVds and two tfiotifidd the capital / pounds per anmtifiy or either of t^efti, 4 to capfe payment to be fams.Ac. made unto fuch perfons^s his Majefty, by any Warrant or wa3r-' rapts under his royal fign manual, court ter-flgried by the com-miffioners of the treafury or any three br-jfjorC rtf thefp, oV fe high treafurer of Great Britain for the time1 being, fell Intruft to receive the fame* of the full fum df thirty thoufand eight hundred twenty three pounds (even (hillings and two pence for pay-ment of the intereft, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy of the faid capital fums amounting to two hundred forty	1	1

eight thou&nd five hundred and fifty nine pounds and nifie	1

pence halfpenny, and for payment of the falaries of the And >(	,}i

commiflloners for difpofing the equivalent, and of the fees and ;	.

fabrics of their fervants and the neceflary charges of their offite for two years, ended at the faid feaft of the nativity of Saiht , f,„c Jsbn Baptij1 one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen; from	,, •

which time all falaries and other charges relating to* that coup-	•	j

miflion (hall ceafe and determine. (	;	}

XL And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefai;d, ^L*1**11 • That until fuch letters patents orcharter of incorporation *$ afore- cor^rionbe

H 4	faid	granted, the

Digitized by

Google

194	Anno	quinco Gborgii I. c. 20.

yearly fund of &aH a&ualty granted and parted'under feal, the faid iq^oqoL (hall annuity or fund of ten thoufand pounds per annum rt\alli>e paid b<epaid to fuch and payable unto fuch perfons as his Majefty, by any warrant jttrfqosasbis or warrants under his royal fign manual, «ounter-figncd by the comm*ff,oners of the treafury or any three or more of tnem, ufe of the'pro*or the high treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, fhall prietors inte-. appoint to receive the fame, in truft for the ufe and benefit of retted in the the laid proprietors interefred or to be interefted in the faid de-debentures. bentures for the faid debts not exceeding two hundred forty eight thoufand five hundred and fifty pounds and nine pence .halfpenny, according to their refpeftive (hares and interefts therein, and until the parting of fuch letters patents or charter of incorporation, the faid debentures (hall continue to be af-And after tbc^Sna^c or trans^crrahle by indorfements thereupon; and from granting fueled after the granting fuch letters patents of charter of incor-charter it fhaU poration, and, parting the Tame undef feal as aforefaid, the faid be paid th the annuity or fund oP ten thoufand pounds per annum (hall be paid Corporation. an<j payable to the fame corporation, or to their calhier for tbe time being, for their ufe, to be divided and dlftributed tA and . araongft the feveral members thereof according and in propor-t	. tion to their refpe<Sive fhares of and in the faid capital orjoiw

flock, of the fame^nd	for none 6t her ufe, intent or pitf-

pofe wtatfoeyer.,	v;

Claufe of re -	'Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That at

3 demptioq of" ;?ny	upon payment by the parliament of Great Britain of

°the (aid yearly the T^id capital lun^pf two hundred forty eight thoufand five *"flimofio,opol. fiunied and fifty, pounds and nine pence halfpenny, without any deduction or abatement whatfoever to be made 6ut of the fame or any part thereof, and of all arrears of .the faid annuity I or yearlyTund of Xpn thoufand pbdn’d* then due, computing the 1 quarterly, TUI the end of the then next preceding quarter .	:.of a year, and from thenceforth by the day, until the day of

. * jjuqh payment made (if any fuch arrearfc be) then and not till Jthen, and from thencefdrtb the faid annuity or fund of ten thou-_ Tahd pounds per annum (hall ceafe and determine} this prefenraft, or.anything ljerein contained to the contrary notwitnftancfJng.

‘ Xllj. And be* it: further enadted and declared by the aotfto-^	.	_ rity ’aforefaid, That the judges, of the court of exchequer in

^exchequer	lhall	forthwith	call	the	(aid com midioners of the equi-

in Scotland to valent in Scotland to an account Tor the faid balance of fixteen call the com-, thoufand five hundred feventy five pounds fourteen (hillings and miffioners °f one penny halfpenny, and for the faidTurns of fifteen thoufand ac^untCforthc e*&ht hundred twenty tw o pounds eight (hillincs and feven pence balance, See.	farthings,	and	thirty	one	thoufand five hundred fixty five

9	. pounds two millings and five pence halfpenny, by them.peceiv-

.	r.	ed as aforefaid ; and after deduction of all their due payments and

and	juft allowances, tocaufe the balance offuch account to be paid over

perfons as thet0 fuch P*rfons as his Majefty, by any Warrant or warrants under King mall	liis royal fign manual, counter-figncd by the commiflioners of the

diieft.	treafury or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer of

-	*	■	Great Britainiox the time being, fhall. fromtirpe to time appoint

1	*	•	-to

1718-] Anno.qamro Georgii L c. 204	xof

to receive the fame, in truft to and for the ufes and purpofes wbereunto the fame is liable purfuant to the faid former ads, and thereupon to free and liberate the faid commiflioners of equivalent in Scotland upon their faid Recounts.

XIV.	And as to, for and concerning the faid annuity or fund The

of two thoufand pounds per annum by this aft fettled until the re- to bea»>. detnption thereof by parliament; it is hereby enaded and de- pHca dared by the authority aforefaid, That the fame (hall be wholly promoting the applied towards the encouraging and promoting the fifheries and . 5ri*f* ™ fuch other manufactures and improvements in Scotland, as may m cot ami' molt conduct to the general good of the united kingdom, according to the tenor and true meaning of the faid fifteenth article of the faid treaty of union, and to none other ufe, intent or pur-pofe whatfoever.

XV.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid. The faid funds That the faid annuities or funds of ten thoufand pounds and to beperfonal two thoufand pounds per annum, and the feveral (hares and in- J^^iabfem terefts of the creditors, proprietors or members that are or (hall any arrelU be entitled thereunto, (hall be deemed and taken to be perfonal ment.

or moveable eftates, and upon deaths (hall go to executors or admmiftrators, and not be dependable to heirs; and fuch (hares or interefts in the capital ftock of the faid corporation, or in the hands of their cafhier for the time being, or in the hands of a-ny truftees appointed or to be appointed to receive the fame as aforefaid, (hall not be liable to any arreftment or attachment that (hall be laid thereupon ; any law, cuftom or'ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

- XVI. And it is hereby alfo enaded and declared by the au- None (hall in-; thority aforefaid. That no perfon whatfoever (hall incur any in* cur any inca-capacity, difability, penalty or forfeiture whatfoever, only for * putting this ad in execution, or for accepting or exercifing any in^ecu* office or truft whatfoever, in purfuance of this ad or of any tion, Uc. charter, letters patents or warrant to be granted by his Maje-fty in purfuance thereof; any forjner law or ftatute or provifion to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded. That at Upon pay-any time, upon payment by the parliament of Great Britain of mcnt of * the full fum of forty thpufand pounds fterling, without any de- ^arawtte dudion or abatement whatfoever to be made out of the fame or ^ yearly any part thereof, and all arrears (if any fuch be) of the faid an- fund of aoooL nuity or yearly fum of two thoufand pounds then due'eomput- lhaU ceafc. ing the lame quarterly, to the end of the then next preceding quarter of a year, and from thenceforth by the day, until the day of fuch payment made, then and not till then, and from thenceforth the (aid annuity or yearly fund of two thoufand pounds (hall ceafe and determine ; this prefent ad, or any thine herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVHI. And it is hereby declared and enaded by the autho- The faid aunty aforefaid. That the faid annuities or funds of ten thoufand nuitietto be pounds per annum and two thoufand pounds per annum, and Ml dif-Ptjicr payments by this ad direded and appointed, (ball be In

. lieu

Digitized by CjQOQle

mer 17*9*

The King's fnbje&i in , Scotland not to be aniwer-able for any deficiency for the fervice of that kingdom for the year *7°7.

106	Anno	quinto	Georgii I. c. 20.

lieu *and full difcharge of all equivalents whatfoever, which fhafl or may be claimed or demanded by Scotland or oh the behalf of Scotland, by reafon of the faid treaty or otherwife in regard of the faid union ; and that the united kingdom of Great Britain, or any the revenues thereof, (hall not be liable to any further or future demands of or for any fuch equivalents, or to the expence or charge of keeping or rendring any further or future accounts thereof (the -faid yearly funds and other payments by this aft eftablilhed or appointed always excepted!.

Thecommif- XIX. And it is hereby declared, That the prelent commiffion fionofequiva- for taking and ftating the debts due and growing due to Scat-lent to conti- }and by way of equivalent, and the falaries and other charges of than Mid^m- commiffion, (hall or may be continued to the faid feaft of * the nativity of Saint John	one	thoqfand	feven hundred

and nineteen, and no longer. ,	,

XX.	And in regard by the fourteenth article of the faid treaty it was agreed or mentioned^ *Ihat all necejfary provifion Jhould be made by the then parliament ^Scotland for the pub licit charge

reven bumdryd m rs fubjcdts m aijiy deficiency which happened in making that provifion; any former Ipw.or fk^tute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding./	r

XXI.	And forafryuch as the intended corporation cannot -receive and dijlribute the annuity often thoufand pounds per annutn, find defray the other necejfary charges of mdhagetnent without lejfeni g thesp inter eft which if wholly born by the members thereof would prove a great difcouragement to them : be it therefore jenafbed by the authority aforefaid, That oyer and above, the (aid annuity or fun^l of ten thoufand pounds hereby fettled to be paid to the feid corporation, there (hall be paid and payable to the.Taid ^rporatktfi to be ere&ed bv virtue of this a&, and their "fi^efibrs, until the faid annual (urn herein before fettled (hall be redeemed as a-forefaid^ or to fuch perfpn or perfons as (hall be .authorized under the common feal of the (aid corporation to receive the fame, for the ufe of the faid corporation, the further annual Turn of fix hundred pounds for and towards the charge of management, and other ncceflary charges in receiving and diftributing of the faid annuity of ten thoufand pounds payable to the &d corporation, and the/everal members thereof as aforefaid ; which annual fiim

.of fix hundred pounds is hereby charged and chargeable upon, To be payable and made to be paid and payable by and out of the feme funds, out of the and at fuch time and times, and in fuch dinner, and by the feme funds. fame Ways, means and methods, as is and are herein and hereby prefenbed, fettled or appointed for payment of the faid annuity of ten thoufand pounds per annum.

XXJI.. And whereas feveral of the above-mentioned debentures, which were ijfued purjuant to the a£ls of parliament aforefaid, have by cafualty or mifchance been h/I, burnt or otherwife aeftreyed: be it therefore cnadted by the authority aforefeid, That in all calcs •	where

The yearly fawrof 6661; (hall-be paid to the faid corporation towards the charges of marta£etaent, Ac. ?

Digitized by L,ooQle

i?i8.J Anno quiiitoGseiiGu I. c.*i.	107

where it (hall appear to the faid batons of the court of exche* The barons of tfttee in Stodud, to their (atisfadtiqn, that any fuch debentures jb*ctxf|he<luer have been or are loll, burnt or otherwise deftroyed, and that JJJay jju*nnew there be good reafoa to believe the (aline to have been burnt, loft debentures in or other* ife deftroyed j it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid lieu of fuch at basons, or any three or more of them, to iflue or make forth J|*v* ***? new debentures of the fame tenor and contents with the deben- _burnt» 0 »*c* tores loft, burnt «r deftroyed as aferefaid, on fecurity given to the good-liking of the (aid barons of the court of exchequer in Smlarsiby the perfon or perfant claiming fuch debentures, a-gainft all other perfons whatfoever, concerning the monies fpe-cified in or due upon fuch debentures.

CAP. XXI.

An aft for the better fccuring the lawful trade of his fy's jubye£ls to and from the Eaft-lndies •, and for the more effectual preventing all Ins Many's fubjeSs trading thither under foreign emmiffums.

WHE REAS it is of great importance to the welfare of this lingdotby That the trade and traffick to and from the Eaft-Irtdies in the countries and parts tf/Afia and Africa, and to and from fuch places of Alia, Africa and America, or any of , beyond the cape of Bona Elperanxi to the freights Magellan, where any trade or	traffick of merchandize is_ or may be vfed or	be regulat-

ed according to the aft} of parliament relating , aitd the royal charters or grants made in purfuance	and	whereas	in	and

forts, cities, towns or places within the limits	,	jhould	not

ushatdegree 6r quality fever, other than fuch as might or may law-fytty go dhd trade to the Eaft-lndies or other the parts in the fame dif mentioned, hy virtue thereof Jhould direflfy or indireftly' vifity frequintj trade 1 traffick or adventure into or frm the faid E^ft-indies or other the parts aforefaid\ all and every fuch offender dHd^ffhSeis Jhould incur fuchforfeitures arid Ioffes, as in the jaid att Vtdnddre for that purpofe appointed: and it is alfo provided by the Jaeek1 a& and by fubfequent laws, That all the goods, wares, merchandizes andeomrtiodities to be laden upon any Jhip or Jhips bound from the Jaid Eaft-Jndies or parts within the limits aforefaid, Jhould be tffcgfa without breaking bulk to fome port of Great Britain, and thtre be unladen and put on land; notwithstanding which juft and teafonable provUions and rejlriftions fever at of his Majejly's fubjefts, hot "entitled under the faid afis of parliament, have prefumed to trade into and vifit the fata Eaft-lndies and other the places aforefaid in foreign end other Jhips, intending there to load goods, and to bring them ihtc Europe, and land them in foreign parts out of his Maje-jtjlfs dominions, to the great prejudice of the trade of this king-

dem9

Digitized by

Google

108	Anno quinto GftoltGH I. C. U. [u y t$<

i$my and the diminution of his Majeftfs cuftms and other duties: all which practices being considered, his royal higteeft George prince of Wales, then guardtan of the realm cf Great Britain, and his Majeftfs lieutenant within the fame, was fleefei an the eighteenth day of Otfober which was in the year of our Lord one thoufand )'wen hundred and fixteen, to iffue forth a prods-motion (amongft other things) Jiriftiy charging ana commanding all bis Majeflfs fubjefts not to ferve on board any foreign or other Jhips, wish foreign commffions and colours, bound to or from the Eaft Indies st arty the parts aforefaid \ or direltly or indirectly to viftty bounty fire* Qucnty tradey traffick or adventure into or from the ford Eaft Imfiei or other the parts before-mentionedy contrary to law : but motwitb* fending the prohibitions contained in the faid ails of parliament and proclamation and in defiance of the Jamey feveral evil-difpofed perjstr have gone on to procure and obtain feverat foreign comtmfjtons or paffeSy and under colour thereof or otherwise have fitted met mi mannedfeveral Englith and other Jhips or vejjehy and have failed with or fent out the fame to trade and trajjkk in the Eaft Indies or other the parts aforefaid: now to the intent that fuch collufive, fraudulent ana illegal trade and practices may be prevented, and that fo confiderable and beneficial a branch of trade may be Secured to this kingdom; be it enafted and declared by the Ktng*s moil excellent majefty,by and with the advice and confent of the After Feb. »o, lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in parliament if-’ 1718, none fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any of his theEaiUndies, Majefty’s fubjefts (hall, from and after the twentieth dav"of Fete. contrary * bruary in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred spi to the law* eighteen, fail, go or repair to or be in the Eafi Indies or parts a-now in being fore-mentioned, or any of ifhem, contrary to the laws now in being or contrary to the tenor of this aft, every fuch perfon and perfons fo offending (hall be liable to fuch punifhment, ^s by The Eaft In- any law or laws now in being may be inflifted for fuch offepoe, dia company II. And to the intent that fuch offender and offenders may be brought may feizefuch tojufiicey it is hereby enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful, thldThemto to anc* ^or l^e un,te<* company of merchants of England trading England,there to the Eaft IndieSy and their fucceffors, to take, arreft and feize, to aniwer for or caufe to be taken, arrefted and feized, fuch perfon or per-thc offence. f0ns, being a fubjeft or fubjefts of his Majefty, his heirs or (uc-ceffors, at apy place or places,' or where he or they (hall be found within the limits or places aforefaid; and the perfod ani perfons fo taken, arrefted and feized, to fend and remit to Eqg~ landy there to anfwer for the offence aforefaid, according to due After Feb. 5, courfe of law.

1718, perfon» HI. And it is hereby further enafted by foe authority afw* an^comm^il k’,c*» That a^ anc* ever>‘ Perf°n,anc* perfons, who from and af-on from any"ter the fifth day of February one thoufand feven hundred and foreignprince, eighteen, (hall procure, folicit for, obtain, or aft under any com-Ac.to trade to million, authority, or pafs from any foreign prince, (late or po-AcE(hal\nfor-'tentate whatfoever, to fail or go, or trade in or to the Eafi In&iSy frit 500L	"	or any t^e Parts aforefaid, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offend-

ing herein, (hall incur and forfeit for every fuch offence the ftm /	of five hundred pounds,

IV. And

Digitized by Google

' W9

Forfeitures* how to be recovered and difpofed.

Not to prejudice theSouth-Sea company.

Continuance of this a&.

1718.] Anno quinta Georgii I, C.22*

IV.	And it is hereby enadted, That all the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall or may be fued for and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfter, by bill, plaint, information, or otherwise, wherein no ellbin, wager of law, or protection, (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance; one half-part of which laid penalties and forfeitures (hall be to the ufe of fuch perfon or perfons as will inform or fue for the fame; and the other half-part to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors.

V.	Provided always. That this act, or any thing herein contained," mall not extend, or be conftrued, deemed, or taken to extend, to refrain or prejudice fuch trade or right of trade or navigation within any part of the limits aforefaid, as the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to tbe South-Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fUhery, now are entitled unto; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby enadted, That this *dt (hall continue in force for five years, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament, and no longer. Continued by 9 Geo. 1, c. 26. fedt. 10. for [even years from March one tboufand five* hundred twenty three, and further continued by

LGca, 2. c. 29. for feven years from May one thousand feven vdred thirty two9 and by 20 Geo. 2. c. 47. to 25 March one tboufand feven hundred and eighty.

CAP. XXII.

An aft for enlarging tbe time to determine claim: on the for-. feited ejlates.

WHEREAS by an aft made in tbe fourth year of his Maje- G Jb's rf*£*9 intituled, An adt for vetting the forfeited eftates 4 in Great Britain and Ireland jn truftees, to be fold for the ufe of the publick; and for giving relief to lawful creditors by determining the claims; and for the more effectual bringing into the refpo! Bye exchequers the rents and profits of the faid eftates, till (bid. it is (amongft other things) enafted, That the commi/Jioners and ttujlees therein named, or any four or more of them Jhould, and they are hereby required and impowered to hear, determine and adjudge, all and every claim or claims which then were or Jhould, within the times therein mentioned, be entred, as foon as conveniently might be, before tbi twenty fifth day of March one tboufand feven hundred and nineteen: and whereas it is (by the faid recited aft) further emfted% That every claimant, who /ball not acquiefce and reft fatisfied in the judgment, determination, or decree of the faid commiJTmers and tru-JUes mtyr within tbe time therein mentioned, appeal from and prefent thereto, in fuch manner as by the faid aft is direfted\ and Aft rmining	Jucb	appeals, it is thereby	enabled.	That it

jhould So lawful for his Majefty, by eommijjion under tbe great feal

if Gtat Britain and Ireland re/peiiively,to nominate, appoint and

asabetmt. any Jive of the judges e/-England, Scotland and Ireland rg^edtamy {the mayor part whereof to be a Quorum) wbtih Jhould

he

c.*.

Digitized by v^ooQle

210

Anno quinto Georgii I. C. i 3.	[ r y t Jf.

he courts of delegates and of record in England, Scotland and Ireland refpeftively, to bear and determine fuch appeals, and to affirm, r<?-peaU dlter or reverfe the judgmentsy determinations or detrees of the faid commiffioHers and trttjlees\ all which appeals Jhould be by toe rc-x fpeflive courts of delegatesy finally heard and determined before the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen: and whereas by reafim of the great number of claims made and entred on the faid forfeited efiates y very many of them willy on the faid twenty fifth day of March one thoufand /even hundred and nineteen, k left unheard and undetermined \ be it enafted, £3V.	f

The time for hearing claims enlarged to June *4, 1720. and from tfcecct to the end ot the next fefiion. The King may appoint five.of tbcjurf|n to be a court of record. The time given to the courts of delegate* eqtag-ed to Sept. *9,aad from thence to three month? after the end of the next ftffion. The time for difeovery of any concealed debts, &c. enlarged to 24 June 1720, and from thence to the end of next fefiion. And the diicoverm entitled to the benefits of the aft 1 Geo. 1. fiat. *. c. 50* The courts of- delegates to appoint remitters, clerks, &<?, who (hall be impra. And (hall have fuch (alanes, as the treafury ffialiiudge reafonable. To be paid as direfted by the aft 4 Geo. i. c. 8. The courts of delegates may remit te thecojnmiflioners filch claims as they (hall think proper, who (hall proceed as direfted by the delegates. But claimants may appeal from fuch fubfequent proceedings. The delegates in England may detenu* appeals relating to eftates in Ireland. And th^ir determination (haU be binding. Any three of the commiflioners redding in England, dec. (had be a court of record in. Ireland, and their decrees (haH be valid. Perfons - pretending title to efiates feiaed in Scotland, and that the perfons gttaint-ed were not poflefled thereof j or that they have right to fuch efate as fuptrior or vaflal, by virtue of i Geo. 1. fiat. 2. c. 10. may prefent tber exceptions to the court of fefiions in Scotland, before Auguft t, 1719. which court (hall determine the fame in a fummary way before Nov. 1, 1719. If it appear that the attainted perfons had fuch efiate, or that the claim of the party excepting (hould have been entred by virtue of r Geo. s. fiat. 2. c. s©* it (hall not be determined by the court, but as by 4 Geo.

1. c. 8. is direfted, unlefs the party excepting claim by 1 Geo. 1. fat. a. c. so., The commifiioners (hall make proper defences. If no exceptions be prefented, as above, all rights, &c. mall be void. Decrees of the court of kfiions (ball be final. No advocation. See, (hall be granted, and ho Commons,	iflued by the (aid court, or any other, for levying the rents, &c«

at the inftance of any perfons but the commifiioners. Superiors and vaf-fals (hall pay a proportional (hare ot the debts of attainted perfons.

7 Geo. 2. fiat. 2. c. 20. All claims entred within the times appointed, as well thofe figned by attomies, See. as by the parties themfelves, (hall be determined according to their validity. 4 Geo. 1. c. 8. Offices of keep, ers of his Ma jelly's hpufes, See. in Scotland, whereof any attainted period was poflefled on June 24, 1715. and all rights, &c. (hall be at the king’s difpofal. Alfo all rights of patronage of churches, Stc. which belonged to any attainted perfen, as above, (ball belong to his Majdty, foe. E XP.

cap. xxm.

Ah aft for appointing a comraiflsoner and truftee to put in execution the powers and authorities of the feveral afts of parliament relating fo /the forfeited efiates, and efiates given to fuperfiitious ufes, in the room of * George Treby efq; who has defired to be difeharged from the (aid trufi. EXP.

Tht forfeited eftates, See. which by 4 Geo. 1. c. 8. were veiled in Geeree Treby, efqj and not fold before March 2 5, 1719. and aH powers, See. (bafl be transferred from him and vefised in Charles Long, efq} his.bcirs, foe. (^ommiflioner abfenting from fuch office for three weeks, without order or

con*

Digitized by UooQle

lit

1718.J Anno quintoGEoRGH I. C. 24,‘25,26,

con Cent of four Cgmnuflfyners (ball forfeit 500I. to be ftoppedby the trea-ftirj out of hi# (alary.

CAP. X£lV.

An aft for the better preventing frauds committed by bankrupts. See it Geo. 1* — for feven years and from thence to the end of the next ftffion of parliament, c* *9* 13 Geo. EXP.	1-c.17.4Gco.

CAP. xxv.	\XVGt0'

An aft for continuing the aft made in the eighth year of the*' ’ s°* reign of the late Queen Anne, to regulate the price and af-fize of bread*, and for continuing the aft made in the twelfth year of her faid late Majefty9 s reign, for the better encouragement of the making fail-dotb in Great Britain.

WHEREAS divers temporary laws, which by experience have been found beneficial and ufeful, are expired or near expiring; therefore for continuing the fame, be it enafted by the King’s rnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana coftfent of the lords ipiriraal and temporal and commons, in this prtfent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That an aft made in the feflion of parliament, held in the eighth The aft of

year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled,

oft to regulate the price and affize of bread, which was to continue ^Ge0.i.ftat!*.

for three years, and from thence to the end of the next feflion of c. *6. farther*

parliament, which aft was further continued by an aft made in continued for

the firft year of his prefent majefty King George, for three years,

and will expire at the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, ncxt fef-

fliall continue and remain in full force, with fuch alterations as f,0n of parlia-

were made in and by the laid aft, pafled in the firft year of his ment.

prefent Majefty’s reign, for the term of five years, and from^^^^^*

thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament.	iiueo.a.c^o.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,Theaft 1% That an aft made in the feflion of parliament, held in the twelfth An”‘*****r* year of her laid late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft nwd "even the better encouragement of the making of fail-cloth in Great Bri- years, and tain, which was to continue for the term of feven years, and from thence to the thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament, (hall be con-cnd	c

tinued and remain in full force, for the term of feven yean, and p^iament.° from thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament. Farther^ ' xontinuei for feven yeari bf 10 Geo. 1. c. 17. feft, 3. and by 20 Geo. 2. c. 45.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft foe preventing the mifehiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpowder in or near the cities of London and Weftminfter, or the fuburbs thereof \

WHEREAS great quantities of gunpowder are frequently lodged and kept in ware-houfes and other places in qnd about the cities of London and Weftminfter, and the fuburbs thereof, to the .apparent danger, if not utter ruin and dejlruftion of fevered pub-Eck offices, and of the lives and fortunes of many thoufandsof bis Mo-Jf/SfJjubjefts; for preventing the mifehiefs aforeflud, be it enafted

Digitized by Google

112

Anno quinco Georgii I. C. 26* fi 7 f

aficd by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and cunfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament a Hem bled, and by the autho-After Aug. i, rity of the fame. That from and after the firft day of Auguft one 1719, above ihoufuul feven hundred and nineteen it (hall not be lawful powder ^or anY Pcr^on or perfons to have.or keep more than fix hundred npt be kept in pounds of gunpowder, each hundred containing five (core any itore- pounds net weight, at any time, in any ftore-houfe, warehouse, &cc. in fi0Ufe> or other place, within the cities of London and Weftmin-Weftminfter or c*t^cr °f them, or within the fuburbs thereof, or with-Icc. By 11 Geo. to .three miles of tht Tower oi London, or within three miles 1. c. 13. not of, his Majefty’s palace at St. James's, or within two miles of more than any magazine now ereCted for keeping gunpowder, belonging to kept ice t0 ** Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors ; for the ufe of the publick. a?GeM.c.38. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That T wo juft ices from and after the faid firft day of Auguji one thoufand feven may fummon hundred and nineteen it (hall and may be lawful for any two or perfons trad- more Qf hjs Majefty’s juftices of the peace, living within any of pewderfand	hmits aforefaid, to fummon before them any perfon or per-

examraethem Tons, making, dealing or trading in gunpowder, or who (hall upon oath. be fiilpedled to have in his or their cuftody or pofTeflion, or in the cuftody or poftefiion of any other perfon or perfons, in any ftore-houfe, ware-houfe, or other place within the limits aforc-faid, and to examine fuch perfon or perfons upon oath touching Perfons refuf- the premifles; and in cafe of refufal to be examined, to coming to beexa- mit fuch perfon or perfons to the county gaol, there to remain ^inmitted^ ^lt^out bail mainprize, until he, (he or they fhal! conform without bail or	to anfwer, and be examined, as aforefaid; and if it

' till they con- (hall appear upon fuch examination, or by the oaths of any two form.	or more credible witnefles, (which oaths fuch juftices are hereby

Perfons hav- impowered and required to adminifter) that fuch perfon or per-wg above fons have or hath jn his, her or their cuftody or podeflion, at powder, with- attY one P^ace	limits aforefaid, more than fix hun-

in the faid ii- dred pounds of gunpowder, as aforefaid, fuch juftices (hall mits, the ju- forthwith caufe all and every the perfons aforefaid carefully to ftices fkdl remove the fame out of the limits aforefaid; and if fuch per-remove thet0 ^on 0P Pcr^ons faall refufe or negleCt to remove fuch gunpowder tame.	out of the limits aforefaid, by the fpace of twenty four hours

after notice of any order made by any fuch juftices for removal Perfons refuf- thereof, eveiy fuch perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for ing, to forfeit every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings for every aos. for every .hundred pound of gunpowder, with full cofts of fuit, to any inf thC P^011 or P^ons wh° faall, within fix calendar months next m yr r. after notice, inform or fue for the fame, by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeflminfter, wherein no efloin, privilege, protection, order of restraint, wager of law, or more than one imparlance fhall be granted or allowed.	k

... HI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall be lawful for any two or more of his Majcfty^ rants fur juftices of the peace, living within the limits aforefaid, after the

firft

Digitized by LjOOQle

iji&.f - Anno quinto Georgii I. c. 26.	113

firft day of Augttji one thoufand fcven hundred and nineteen, Jearching any

from time to time, to iffue their warrant or warrants for fearch- ™>re*houi<^

ing in the day time any ftore-houfe, ware-houfe, or other place,

uied for keeping gunpowder within the limits aforefaid, and for

that purpofc to break open any fuch ftore-houfe, ware-houfe,

or other place aforefaid, if there (hall be occafion; and that

every perfon who fhall oppofe or hinder any fuch fearch (hall, Oppofing fuch

for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds to any per- fcarch hirldta

fan or perfons who (hall inform and fue for the fame, within 5 *

fix calendar months next after the offence committed, in any

of his Majefty’s courts of record.at IVejlminfler, by adtion of

debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no effoin, privilege,

protection, order of reftraint, wager of law, or more than one If more than*

imparlance (hall be granted or allowed; and in cafe more than too lb. be #

fix hundred pounds of gunpowder, as aforefaid, (hall upon

fearch, be found in any ftore-houfe, ware-houfe, or other place the juftices*

aforefaid, fuch juftices (hall forthwith caufe the fame to be care- may caufe it

fully removed out of the limits aforefaid, at the charge of the to be removed

owner or owners of fuch gunpowder, or other perfon or perfons owwrT

having the cuftody or keeping thereof, to be levied by diftrefs

and (ale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under

the hands and feals of fuch juftices, rendring the Overplus to the

owner.

IV. And for preventing dangerous carriages of gunpowder After the faid in and through the ftreets of London and JVeJiminfter^ and the fuburbs thereof; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That ^npowder from and after the faid tirft day of Augujl one thoufand feven fhallnot be hundred and nineteen, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or carried at a

fierfons to carry or convey, in or through any of the ftreets or ^cts of Lon anes within the cities of London and Weftminfler, or either of &c. ° them, or within the fuburbs thereof, more than twenty hundred pounds of gunpowder, each hundred containing five fcore And (hall be pounds net weight, at a time; and that all gunpowder which ^"m^c^and (hall he carried or conveyed in any carts or carriages in or thc barrcia through any of the ftreets or lanes aforefaid, after the time afore- fhall be put faid, (hall be carried in covered carts or carriages, and the bar- into bags, &c* rels in which fuch gunpowder is carried (hall be clofe jointed and hooped, and (hall be put into bags or cafes of leather or canvas; and gunpowder carried by man or horfe (hall be put ££ e* into cafes of leather or canvas, and entirely covered therewith, into cafes of fo as that no fuch gunpowder be fpilt or fcattered in the paffage leather. See. thereof; and if at any time after the faid firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, any gunpowder (hall be earned or conveyed by any perfon or perfons, in or through any wlfc ^aii be * of the ftreets or lanes aforefaid, in any greater quantity, or in forfeited, any other manner, than as aforefaid, all fuch gunpowder (hall and may be be forfeited, and (hall and may be feifed by any perfon or per- ^fon^o fonsto his or their own ufe and benefit, the perfon or perfonsownufe. fo offending beiog thereof lawfully convidted before two juftices of the peace.

, V0t. XIV,	I	V.	PrO-

Digitized by (^.ooQle

114

Not to extend to tbe King’s ftore-houfes, See,

Anno quinto Georgii I. c. 2

Perfons fued

[171?.

V.	Provided always, That this aft, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend in any wife to affeft any ftore-houfe or magazine belonging to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, wherein gunpowder or other ftores (hall be kept for the ufe of the publick, or to hinder the proving or trying gunpowder by his Majefty's officers, as is ufual, for the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or to the carrying of gunpowder to or from any of his Majefty’s magazines, or with forces in their marches.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That

Mera^dToe/ ^any	or a<^on (hall be commenced or profecuted againft any

fte. * perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this pre-

ient aft, in every fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general ifliie, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame *	was	done in nurluance or by the authority of the faid adfc ; and

if a verdift mail pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the

Elaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, er or their luit or aftion, after iflue joined, or if upon demurrer, or otherwife, judgment (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and (hall have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or havt in other cafes by law.

VII. Provided always, and be it enafted. That all fuits, aftions and nrofecutions to be brought, commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done or to be done in.purfuance or by authority of this aft, (hall be laid and tried in the county where the raft was committed, and (hall be commenced and profecuted, without wilful delay, within flx calendar months next after the faft committed, and not otherwife.

VIII. And whereas it may be mcejfary that new ware-haufes fur leeping gunpowder Jbould be ere fled in fome place or places out of the limits aforefaid, at convenient dijlancefrom the city a/* London and from whence jufficient quantities of gunpowder may with greater fafety be fupplied, as occafion requires: and whereas there are large trafls of marjb and meadow grounds in the counties of Eflex, Kent and Surrey, where new ware-boufes may be commodioujty erefled, fuch marjb and meadow grounds being at good di/lance from dwelling' houjes or habitations, and therefore, and by reafon oj their adjacency to the river Thames, are convenient for fuch ware-hottfes; but forajhucb as any perfon or perfons who may be dejirous to erefl any fiuh Wart-houfes there, may be liable to aflions or dijlurbance on that account^ or may be unreajonably impofed upon in the purchafe thereof: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the juftices of the peace for the faid counties of EJpXj Kent and Surrey refpeftively, (haH at their general quarter feflions of the peace tb be holden for the faid counties refpeftively, appoint fome proper and convenient flons appoint plot or P*ots of'ground out of the limits aforefaid, not exceed-proper pUces, ing two acres, in any one place in each county, bfcing lituate in

the

and fhaU recover treble softs.

Aftions to be brought m the proper county, and within fix months.

Tfrieiullices for Eflex, Kent and Surrey may in their fei-

Digitized by

Google

lyiS.J Anno quinto Georgii I. c.26.	115

the laid counties of EJfex, Xiraf or Surrey, and adjacent to or on which near the river Thames on which plot or plots of ground fo to be appointed, it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or per- houfe^ firft fons delirous fo to do, to eretft any ware-houfe or ware-houfes agreeing with for keeping gunpowder, firft agreeing with the owners and pro- the owners, prietors of the faid ground for the fame; and in cafe any fuch owner or proprietor lhall refufe or negledl to agree, or by reafon Owners re-of any disability or impediment cannot fo agree, the juftices ofor d*f-the peace for the faid counties of EJfex^ Kent and Surrey refpec-tively (hall, at their general quarter feflions, ifiue their warrant mayifluewar-•or warrants to the uieriffs of the faid counties refpedively, to rants to the impanel and return before them, at fuch times and places as Uteriff to ira-lhall be appointed in fuch warrant or warrants, a fuflicient jury, fnquiielntot0 who upon their oaths (which oaths the faid juftices refpedively tj,etrue value are hereby impowered to adminifter) (half inquire into the true of the ground} value of the faid plot or plots of ground fo to be appointed for gunpowder ware-houfes as aforefaid ; and all fuch verdid and inquifitions fhaJI be kept with the records of the faid feflions refpedively ; and the judgments and decrees of the faid juftices tIie refpedively thereupon (hall be final and conclufive to all parties; Sees thereon and to that end the faid juftices refpedively (hall have power (hall be final* to fend for any perfon or perfons intcrefted, and to examine any parties or witneftes upon oath, a9 they (hall think fit (all which oaths the faid refpedive juftices are hereby impowered to ad-minifter;) and the fum or fums of money to be afieifed and ad-judged as aforefaid, not exceeding thirty years purchafe, (hall be be paid to the paid to the refpedive proprietors and owners of the faid ground, proprietors} according to their refpedive interefts therein, to be adjudged by or on their the faid juftices refpedively as aforefaid} and upon fuch pay-ment, or in cafe of refufal to accept the fame, then upon leaving w*,th the the fame with the faid refpedive juftices for the benefit of fuch juftices, and: owner or proprietor, the inheritance of the faid plot or plots of theinheri-ground (hall be vefted in the purchasers thereof and their heirs and affigns, for the purpofes aforefaid; and the ware-houfes a- pUrchafers. forefaid, and all other ware-houfes for gunpowder, which (hall Theware^ be ereded on or near the river Thames, ihall be built and houfes to be Secured, from time to time, m fuch manner as (hall be pre-	*s

feribed and direded by the prificipal officers of his Majefty’s officers of ordnance.	tho ordnance.

IX. And whereas feveral leafes, covenants, articles and agreements have been made and granted to feveral perfons of ware-houfes andflore+beufes for keeping of gunpowder: be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch leafes, covenants, ar- After Aug. t. tides and agreements, made or entred into as aforefaid, of any	*

fach ware-houfes or ftore-houfes within the cities of London and wartshoufes Wefimmfter^ and fuburbs thereof, (hall, if the tenants or leiTees for gunpow-fhall defire the fame, from and after the firft day of Augujl one der, &c. (hall, thoo&nd feven hundred aodlnineteen, be null and void to all	ba

intents and purpofes whatfoever, as absolutely as if fuch leafes,	*

covenants, articles and agreements had never been made or >	12	grantedj

Digitized by Google

ii6	Annoquinto Georcii I. c. 27.	[1718.

granted; any law, aft, ftatute, provifion, cuftom, matter or thing to the contrary in any wife notwhhftanding.

This aft (hall X. Provided, That nothing herein contained (hall difcharge

anient due any rent ^ue on or	r^e twenty-fifth day of March one

b^oreMarch thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, or any demand for breach 25,1719. of any covenant before that time.

CAP. XXVII.

An all to prevent the inconveniencies arifing from /educing artificers in the manufactures of Great Britain into foreign parts.

WHEREAS divers ill-difpofed perfons, as well foreigners, as fubjefts of this kingdom by confederacy with foreigners, have of late drawn away and transported, and have alfo made divers attempts to entice, draw away and transport feveral artificers and manufaflurers of and in wool, iron, fuel, brafs and other metals, clock makers, watchmakers and divers other manufatlunrs of Great Britain, out of his Majcfiy s dominions into foreign countries, by en-tring into contracts with them to give them greater wages and advantages than they have or can reasonably expelt within this kingdom, and by making then large promifes and ufing other arts to inveigle and draw them away: and whereas there is great danger that, by means of thefe and fuch like praltices, many great and profitable branches of the trades and manufaduries of this kingdom may be tranfplanted into foreign countries: therefore for the preventing the like practices for the future, he it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament at fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if at any time c°n- hereafter any perfon or perfons lhall contrail with, entice, enr ifadtine with deswour to perfwade or folicit any manufafturer or artificer of or or enticing, in wool, iron, fteel, brafs or any other metal, clock-maker* &c. any artifi-watch-maker or any other artificer or manufacturer of Great cer in wool, Britain, to go out of this kingdom into any foreign country out ifitoaforeign* ^ his Majefty’s dominions, and (hall be lawfully convifted xoantry,flialI thereof upon any indiftment or information which (hall be pre-be fined not ferred or brought againft him or them in any of his Majefty’s exceeding* courts at JVejlminfler, or at the affizes or general gaol delivery, firft offence	or qiiarter-feff*ons of the peace for the county, riding or diviiioa

and be im-* where fuch offence (haU be committed, the perfon and perfon* prifoned for fo convift (hall be fined any fum not exceeding one hundred three months. p0Unds for fuch firft offence, according to the diferetion of the And forthe court in which fuch conviftion (hall be, and (hall be imprifoned fecond offence for the fpace of three months, and until fuch fine lhall be paid ; (hall be fined ancj jf any perfon or perfons, having been once convift as afore-ancHmprifon-	°ffen^	agaia> and be fo convift a fecond time of the

eft for twelve like offence, then and in fuch cafe the perfon fo convict a fecond months,* time lhall be fined at the diferetion of the court where fuch coa-

yiftioa

1718.3	Anno quinto GEpRGH I. c. 2 7.	i i	7

vision (hall be, and be imprifoned for twelve months, and until fuch fine (hall be paid.

II. Provided neverthelefs. That no perfon or perfons (hall be profecution profecuted for any of the offences aforefaid, unlefs fuch profe-in twelve cution (hall be begun within the fpace of twelve months next ™ont]l9 after after fuch offence (hall be committed.	thc	offcnce*

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, After May 1, That if any of his Majefty’s fubje&s within this kingdom, be- 1719, any ar-ing fuch artificer or manufacturer as aforefaid, (hall, at any time tificer going after the firft day of May in the year of our Lord one thoufand co^ntiy th25 feven hundred and nineteen, go into any country out of his Ma-10 exercife jetty's dominions, there to ufe or exercife, or to teach any of the his trade, and faid trades or manufacturers to foreigners, of in cafe any of his not returning Majefty’s fubjeCts now being, or who hereafter (hall be in any fuch foreign country out of his Majefty’s dominions as aforefaid, ^jven'him by and there ufing or exercifing any of the faid trades or manufac- the-ambaiTa-turies herein before-mentioned, (hall not return into this realm dor, &c. within fix months next after warning (hall be given to him by the ambaflador, envoy, refident, minifter or conful of the crown of Great Britain in the country in which fuch artificer (hall be, or by any perfon authorized by fuch ambalfador, envoy, refident, minifter or conful, or by one of his Majefty’s fecretaries of date for the time being, and from thenceforth continually inhabit and dwell within this realm, then and in fuch cafe every fuch perfon or perfons (hall be from thenceforth incapable of taking (hall be in-syiy legacy that (hall be devifed to him within this kingdom, or ta^Tn^ of being an executor or adminiftrator to any perfon or perfons legacy,*4*1. within this kingdom, and (hall be incapable of taking any lands, * tenements or hereditaments within this kingdom by defeent, de-vife or purchafe, and alfo forfeit all his lands, tenements, here- j^ds^&c and ditaments, goods and chattels within this kingdom, to his Ma- be deemed an jsfty's ufe, and (hall from thenceforth be and be deemed and alien, taken to be an alien, and (hall be out of his Majefty’s protection.	•

IV. And be it further enaCIed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of May one thoufand fevqn hundred and nineteen, upon complaint made upon oath before any juftice or juftices of the peace, that any perfon or perfons is or are endeavouring to feduce or draw away any fuch manufacturer or artificer as aforefaid out of his Majefty’s dominions, for any of the purpofes aforelaid, or that any fuch manufacturer or artificer as aforefaid hath contracted, promifed or is preparing to go out of his Majefty’s dominions for any of the purpofes a-forefaid, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftice or juftices of the peace unto whom fuch complaint (hail be made, to fend forth his warrant to bring the perfon and perfons fo complained of before him or them, or fome other of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the fame county, riding, divifion or city; and if when fuch perfon or perfons (hill be fo brought before fu:h juftice or juftices, it (hall appear to fuch juitice or juftices, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible

I £	witnef$

Juftices of peace may, on complaint of any offence againft .this att, iffue their warrant for the apprehending of the offender, and bind hi in to appear at the aflizes,

&c.

Digitized by

Google

11S	Anno	qointo	Georgii	I.	c.28.	[1718.-

witnefe or witnefles, or by the confeffion of the party or parties fo brought before him or them, that the party fo complained of was guilty of any of the faid offences, then and in ftich cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch-juftice and juftices to bind the perfon fo charged to appear at the next affixes, general gaol delivery or quarter feflions of the peace for the county, city, riding or divifion where fuch offence (hall be committed, to an-fwer the premiffes, with reafonable fureties for fuch bis nppear-Perfons rtfuf- apee; and in cafe fuch perfonror perfbos (hall refufe or neg log to give tQ jve	then	in fuch cafe ft (hall and may ^

lawful, to and for fuch juftice and juftices to commit the period or perfons fo refuting to the county gaol, there to be kept until the next aflizes or next quarter feflions of the county, cky, riding or divifion where fuch commitment (hall be, at the ele&ioa of fuch juftice of the peace, and until he* (he or they (hall be delivered by due courfe of law 5 and in cafe any fuch artificer or manufacturer (hall be conviCt upon any indictment to be preferred a gam ft him at fuch affixes or general gaol delivery, or . quarter-feffions of the peace as aforeiaid, of any fuch promife or or beTm ri”* contra<^> °** preparation to go abroad beyond the feas, for any foned til?fach °f the purpofes aforeiaid, then and in fuch cafe the perfon fo fecurity given. conviCt (hall give fuch fecurity to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, not to depart out of his Majefty’s dominions for any of the purpofes aforeiaid, as fuch court (nail think reafonable, and (hall be imprifoned until fuch fecurity (hall be given, pffendmip V. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforeiaid.

fuch fecurity may be committed.

Perfons con-yiCted (hall give fecurity pot to depart

Scotland to be That if any of the above-mentioned offences (hall be commit-ecut m	Qf	Britain	called	Scotland,	the	time	(hall

be ptofecuted in the court of judiciary or the circuits there.

CAP. XXVIII.

4* aft for the further punifhment of fuch perfons as (hall unlawfully kill or defray deer in parks, paddocks, or other in-clofed grounds.

WHEREAS in defiance of the laws already tn being, five-ral diforderly and riotous perfons have of late, in great sum* hers, with armed force, entred porks and other inclofed grounds where deer are kept, whereby bloodjked and murder hath frequently happened, and greater. mifchiefs may enfue: for the preventing and pu-niftunent of which offences, be it enaCted by the King’s maft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, That if any peribn or perfons fhaU, from and after the firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, entpr into any park, psddcck or other inclofed ground where deer are ufually kept, and wilfully wound or kill any red or fallow deer there, without the confent of the owner or owners of fuch park, paddock or Inclofed ground, or of the perfon or perfons entrufted with the care or cuftody of fnch park, pad-dock or inclofed ground, or {tall be aiding or affifting in the

com?

profecuted in the court of judiciary or circuity there.

M. c. 10.

5 Geo. i.c. 15. 9Geo. i.c. fe&. 13.

After May j, j719, perfons convicted of ‘entring into any park, &c. and killing or wounding any deer, without confent of the owner, See, or tiding, See *

Digitized by v^ooQle

IX9

1718.3	Anilo quinto GeoRGII I, c. 29.

committing of any fuch offence, and being indited for any fuch offence before any judge or juftices of gaol delivery for the county wherein fuch park, paddock or inclofed ground (hall lie? and (hall upon fuch indictment be by verdict or his own confeflion (hallbetranf. convicted of any fuch offence, the perfon or perfons lb con- ea£, victed as aforefaid (hall be lent, as foon as conveniently may be, 7 y to fome of his Majcfty’s plantations in America for the fpace of feyen years; and the court before whom fuch offender or offenders (hall be convicted, or any fubfequent court held at the fame place with like authority as the former, (hall have power to convey, transfer and make over fuch offenders, by order of court, to the ufe of any perfon or perfons who (hall contract for the performance of fuch tranfportation.

II. Provided, that nothing herein contained (hall be ex- Thl$ pounded, deemed or taken to repeal, alter or make void any ^for-former law or ftatute now in being, made or intended for the mer law a. puniftiment of deer-dealers: and provided alfo. That where any gainft deer-offender (hall be punithed by force of this act, and according tp	'

the true intent and meaning thereof, he (hall not be orofecuted p^^dby nor incur any penalty for the fame offence by force ot any other [his at, (hall law or ftatute whatfoever.	not be again

prosecuted for

CAP. XXIX.	th^Jfameof.

An aft far making more effectual the laws appointing the oaths for fecurity of the government to be taken by mini-Jlers and preachers in churches and meeting-boufes in Scotland.

WHEREAS Jundry perfons, expectants of divinity, have prefented tbemfehves to prejbyteries in Scotland, in order te obtain licences to preach in churches, or being ordained minijlers of the church of Scotland, without taking any oath or declaration, whereby their affeCHon to ins Majejiy's perfon and government, and to tho fettlement of the crown in the protejlant line, might be known: and whereas aljo divers perfons have preached and performed other parts of divine worjhip in meeting-boufes in Scotland, who do not take tho oaths and declarations appointed by law to be taken by pajlors or mi-vijlers of tie epifcopal congregations there, nor do pray for his majefty King George, nor for their royal highneffes the prince and princefi ef Wales and their iffue\ by all which means men difaffetttd being licenfed or fujfered to preachy may and do fow the feeds of difaffettion anungjl the people: be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and p -	,

every perfon who has obtained licence, and been admitted to (ng obtained preach by any prelbytery in Scotland, and has not taken the licences to oaths to the government, or who, on or after the firft day of preach in yune one thaufand feven hundred and nineteen, (hall prefent j*orlaml» ^ himfelf to be tried as to his Qualifications to be licenfed or ad- tz\[cnthc mitted to preach, or to be ordained a minifter of the church of oaths to the

b 4,	Scotland,

Digitized by LjOOQle

120

government, or who after June i, 1T19, (hall preieBt themlelyet to be licenfed to preach, &c. (hall firft take the following oath in the court of the lords of feilion, &c.

The oath.

Which courts (hail admini-lter the fame, atul the clerks grant certificates, paying a s. for eacu.

Anno quinto GeorgiI I. c. 29.	f 1718.

Scotland, (hall, before the faid day, or his obtaining fuch licence to preach, or being admitted or ordained to be minifter, take and fubfcribe, before and in the court of the lords of (elTton, or the court of jufticiaiy, or the court of exchequer in Scotland, or before the juftices or the peace at their quarter feftions held for any (hire, ftewartry, city or borough in Scotland, or before (he-riffs or ftewarts, or their deputies, in open court held for their (hire or ftewartry, within which (hire, ftewartry, city or borough refpe<5lively fuch perfon has refidence, or within which the prefbytery to which he (hall prefent himfelf, in order to enter upon his trials for obtaining a licence or being ordained, (hall be held, the following oath :

I A. B do truly and fmcerely acknowledge, profefs, teflify and declare in my confcience, before God and the world, that our five-reign lord King George is lawful an frightful King of Great Britain, and alt other his Majefey* s dominions thereunto belonging; and I do filemnly and fmcerely declare, That Ido believe in my confcience, that the perfon pretended to be prince of Wales during the life of the hit King James, and fence his dcccafe pretending to be and taking upon himfelf the file and title of King ^England, by the name of James the Third, or of Scotland, by the name of James the Eighth, or the f ile and title of King of Great Britain, hath not any right or title whatfoever to the crown of this realm, or any other the dominions thereto belonging; and I do renounce, refufi and abjure any allegiance or obedience to him \ ,and I do fwear, that I will bear faithful and true allegiance to his majefey King George, and him will defend to the utmofe of my power againfe all tfaiterous confpiracies and attempts 1whatfoever, which Jhall be made againfe his per fen and government \ and I will do my utmofe endeavour to difclofe and make known to his Majefey and his fiucceJJ'ors all treafem and traiterous confpiracies, which I Jhall know to be againfe him or any of them ; and I do faithfully promife to the utmofe of my power to feupport, maintain and defend the fucceffeon of the crown in the heirs of the body of the late prin-xefe Sophia, eleStrefs and dutchefs ^Hanover, being protejlants, a-gainjl him the faid James, and all other perfens whatfoever : and all thej'e things I do plainly and fmcerely acknowledge andfweary according to thefe exprefs words by me fpoken, and according to the plain ami common fenfe and underfeanding of the fame wordsy without any equi* vocation, mental evafion or fecret refervation whatfoever. And I ds make this recognition, acknowledgment, abjuration, renunciation and promife heartily, willingly and truly.	So help me	God.

Which courts refpeftivcly (hall from time to time adminifterthe faid oath to fuch perfons as (hall tender themfelves to take the fame; and the clerks of fuch courts refpe&ively where fuch oaths (hall be taken, (hall grant certificates bearing the day and date of taking fuch oaths, and names of the commiilioners of the peace prefent, and the name and defeription of every perion who (hall take fuch oaths; for which certificate there (hall be po more paid than two (hillings,

II,	And

Digitized by

Google

1718.]	Anno	quinto	Georgii	I.	c.	29.	in

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That The certifi-

all and every perfon, who (hall prefent himfelt in order to trial ®a**	^

for obtaining licence to preach, or to be ordained a minifter	e

of the church of Scotland, (hall, before he obtain fuch licence or ihcriff, &c. be ordained, caufe to be recorded in the book of the (heriff or

ftewart court, within the jurifdidion of which is the feat of fuch prelbytcry where he (hall prefent himfelf, a certificate of his having taken and fubfcribed the aforefaid oath in manner as a-bove directed.

III.	And be it alfo further enaded by the authority aforefaid, No perfon That no perfon (hall take upon him to preach, reaa prayers or &c inan * perform any part of divine fervice in any epifcopal meeting- epifcopal cou-houfe or congregation, where the number of nine or more per- gregation in fons (hall be prefent, over and belides thofe of the fame houfhold, Scotland, but in Scotland, or to fupply the place of any pallor or pallors, mi-

nifter or minifters, in any fuch epifcopal congregation or meet- George^ &c.*

ing-houfe, but fuch who (hall pray in exprefs words for his and who (hail

mod excellent majefty King George, their royal highnefles the have taken

prince and princels of fVales and their iflue, and who (hall have thc faid oath*

taken and fubfcribed the faid oath in one or other of the courts

of feflion, judiciary or exchequer in Scotland, or before the juf-

tices of the peace at their quarter-feffions, dr (heriffs or (lewarts

of any (hire or ftewartry, in open court as aforefaid within

which any fuch perfon or perfons is relident, or the roeeting-

houfe where he (hall take upon him to preach or perform any

part of divine fervice is fituated; which oaths the faid judges,

juftices, (heriffs or dewarts (hall adminider; and the clerks of

the court refpedively (hall grant certificates in the fame manner

as above directed in the cafe of fuch as offer themfelves to trial

in order to obtain licence or be ordained.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Any expec-That if any expedant of divinity, hereby direded to take and tant ofdivi-fubicribe the oath aforefaid, (hall prefume to prefent himfelf, or

fue or apply to any prelbyterv or church judicature, in order to ^ordained ° be ordained or licenfed to preach, without having caufed to be &c. without* recorded, as aforefaid, a certificate of his having before taken the having re-oaths as above direded, he (hall be liable to fix months im- ofh^ prifonment, and (hall be incapable of enjoying any benefice, taken glebe or manfe by virtue of any presentation, call or other fettle- the oaths, (hall inent, as a minifter of any parifh, for the fpace of one year, to be liable to be reckoned from the time that he (hall take the oaths after hav- f,x months ing obtained licence to preach ; and all civil magiftrates are here-by impowered and required to hinder any fuch perfon to preach capable of en- * in any church within their jurifdidions refpedively j or if any joying any be-perfon or perfons (hall prefume to preach or perform any part ncficc* of divine fervice in any epifcopal meeting-houfe in Scotland\

•without praying in words exprefs for his mod excellent majefty King George, their royal highneffes the prince and princeis of Walts and their iflue, or without having firll taken the aforefaid oath in manner above direded, every fuch perfon or perfons fall be liable to fix months imprifonmentj and every meeting-

houfe

Digitized by v^ooQle

112

Anno qmnto Gborgii I. c. 29.	[1718.

houfe where fuch offence (hall be committed, (hall be (hut up for fix months.

Penalties, # V, And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That b°fed° *d dl^r one moiety’ not	a	half-year's	ftipend of the pari(hcs

coverdU *efpe&ively concerned, of fuch penalties as (hall be incurred by virtue of tnis aCl, (hall belong and go to fuch perfon or periods as (hall inform againft and profccutc to conviction the perfoos offending; and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where fuch offence (hall be committed; and the laid moieties refpedtively of the penalties aforefaid (hall be recoverable by way of action or fummar complaint, without abiding the ordinary delays of procefs, in any court of law within Scotland; and no advocation or fufpenfion, or other (top of fuch profecution, be» fore any inferior court, (hall be of any force or effeCt in law, unlefs upon production of a certificate that the perfon profecut-ed has taken the oaths above directed.

VI.	And whereas divers minijlers of the church of Scotland heeve^ ufon certain mijiakes, omitted to take the oaths, andfubferibe the of-fwrance appointed to be taken and fubfcribed by an aft made in the firft year of his Majefty's reign, intituled, An aCt for the further

1 Geo. 1. flat, fecerity of his Majefty’s perfon and government, and the booed* *•09,3* fion ot the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being proteftants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended Minifters of prince of JVales, and his open and fecret abettors, within the the church of times and terms therein mentioned> whereby the penalties and incept* ^u^ttcd^ofVhe ****** tn *^g	contained	have	been	incurred: and wberoas kis

offences of 1C Majefty is mofl gracioufly pleafidto pardon and difcharge the feud pc* preaching Ualties and incapacities: be it therefore cnaCted by the authority yrithout hav- aforefaid, that all and every miniftcr of the church of Scotland faSPath'stbC	aC(lu>ttC(*» pardoned, releafed and difeharged of the of*

and of the Vor- ^nces of having preached without taking and fubfcribing the feifures, &c. faid oaths and afiurances, and of all forfeitures, penalties and incurred by debilities incurred on that account, by virtue of the afordaid f A.rccited	of any other act of parliament.

VII.	And be it alfo further enaCted, That all and every per-Miniftert of fon, who now is or fhall hereafter be ordained or admitted a mi-

***** °(t*,c church of Scotland, (excepting fuch who have taken before June v) arK^ fubfcribed the oaths and declarations appointed by tbc laft-1719, rake the mentioned ftatute) fhall, cm or before the firft day of June one path of alle- thoufand feven hutvired and nineteen, or before their being or-giapce, &c. Gained or admitted minifter of any congregation in Scotland^ take and fobferibe the oath of allegiance and the affurance, as in the faid aCt is mentioned, and alfo the bath of abjuration herein before directed to be taken and fubfcribed in lieu of the oath at abjuration formerly required by law $ and that in fuch manner, before fuch judges, in foch courts, and to be certified as therein or herein is before-mentioned, and under fuch penalties and disabilities, as m and by the faid aCt made in the firft year of his 1 Geo. 1. ftat. Majefty's reign, and in and by the faid aCfcs generally therein SrC. *3* mentioned, is directed, with refpeCt to the oaths and declarations contained in the fe# *#;.and and every minifter wba

(hall.

Digitized by ^ooQle

17 i8.]1 Anno quinto Georgii 1. c. 30.	123

(hall, in purfcwuace of this n£k, take, or who has, in purfuaoce of And caufe a any former act of parliament, taken the hud oaths, (hall thereof to be

caufe a certificate thereof to be entred in the books of

entred in the

the iheriff or ftewart-courts, within the bounds or jurif- flieriff* books, didions of which lies the parifh of which he is minifter; &c. and the clerks of the faid courts are hereby required to enter fuch certificate, and grant extra&s thereof to fuch as (hall require the fame, without any fee or reward, other than two (hillings for every fuch certificate or extract.

VIII.	Ana whereas great obfiru&ions have been made te the plant-ingyfitpphing or filling up of vacant churches in Scotland with mini-filers qualified according to law, patrons prefenting perfons to churches who are not qualified by taking the oaths appointed by lawf or who being fettled in other churches cannot or will not accept of fuch prefen- jf patron teutons: to the end that fuch inconveniencies may be prevented fhall prefent for the future, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if to a vacant any patron (hall prefect any perfon to a vacant church from and ch«jfch a"y after the (aid firft day of June one thoufend (even hundred and	te.

nineteen, who (hall not be qualified by taking and fabferibing the prefenta-the (aid oath in manner aforefaid, or (hall prefent a perfon to any tion /ball not vacancy, who is then or (hall be paftor or minifter of any other ** mtcrV church or parilh, or any perfon who (hall not accept or declare cSSfeoftime his willingness to accept of the prefentation and charge to which allowed the he Is presented, within the faid time, (uch prefentation (hall not patron to pr*. be accounted any interruption of the courle of time allowed to ‘cnt* the patron for prefenting*, but the jus devoktum (hall take place, as if no fach prefentation had been offered -y any laiw or cuftom .	.

to the contrary notwithftanding.	SteUpwT*

IX.	And be it aUbfurther declared and ena&ed, That nothing \uiice the herein contained lhaU prejudice or diminifb the right of the righu of the church, as the fame now (lands by law eftablithed, as to the a« to trying of the qualities of any perfon prefented to any church or *7a”iue* of benefice.	perfons pre-

CAP.	XXX.	fcn,cd>

An	-all for amending and making more effectual the laws for

repairing	the highwaysy bridges and ferries in that part of

Great Britain called Scotland.

WHE REAS there are fme defers in tie taws already made Alt the laws far the better repairing of highways in that part of Great ™a<je in Scot-Britaks called Scotland, fothat they are not effieffuaifor the purpofes!?", before they u/ere intended: be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s molt ex- repairing the CtUent majefty, by and with the advice and confenr of the lords highways fpirtmal and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament bridges and aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all the laws {*"*?» "°c and features now in force, made in that part of Great Britain edjhall bT’ called Seetland before the union of the two kingdoms, for or put in exe-rooceming the repairing highways, bridges and ferries, not cution, except hereby altered or repealed, mall be duly put in execution ac- ("cthh “ relate cording to the tenor of thp feid laws, excepting fuch adts, or tf the privy™

?ny council.

Digitized by (^.ooQle

The juftices of peace and commiflioners of fuppiy (hall convent* every 3d of May, to chufe clerks, furveyors, &c.

And every clerk, Sec. fo cfcofen, and refuting to accept of the office, (hall forfeit 5I. tterling.

The faid juftices, Sc c. ihall call the tenants, cottars, See. to work three days before the lalt of June, and three days after harvett, yearly, till the highways, See. are repaired.

Tenant, See. failing to work, (hall pay 18 d. for every days failure, unlefs he (end one to work for him.

Penalty to be raifed by di-ftrds.

Anno quintaGeorgii I. c. 30.	[ 1718.

any of them, or any parts thereof made before the union, as do relate to or concern the powers of the privy council of Scotland.

II.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the juftices of peace and commiflioners of fuppiy for the time being, in thefeveral (hires and ftewartries in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall meet and convene at the refpedtive head bo-coughs of the faid (hires or ftewartries upon the third Tuefday of May next to come, and thenceforward upon every fuch third Tuefday of May from year to year, with power to them, or any five of them,’ to adjourn themfelves from time to time, and to chufe clerks, furveyors and overfeers and all other officers necef-fary for puting the laws in execution in relation to the highways, bridges and ferries in that part of the united kingdom; and if any clerk, furveyor or overfeer, who (hall be appointed or chofen by the juftices of the peace and commiflioners of fuppiy, or any five of them as aforefaid, (hall refufe to accept of or take upon them any of the offices aforefaid, every fuch per-fon or perfons fo refuting (hall be fubjedt and liable to the penalty of five pounds fterling refpechvely.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid juftices, commiflioners, or the officers or overfeers to be appointed by them, lhall be and they are hereby authorized and required to call and convene the tenants, cottars and other labouring men within their refpedtive bounds as a-forefaid, to work three days before the laft day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, not being in feed-time, and likewife to work three days after harveft; and fo yearly and every year, until the faid highways, bridges a d ferries are fufficiently repaired, on fuch days, and at fuch places, as the faid commiflioners or their officers afore-faid (hall from time to time appoint.

IV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That every tenant cottar or labouring man, who lhall fail, ne-gledt or refufe to come to work at the refpeefive times and places to be appointed as aforefaid, (due notice being given at the refpedlive parirti-churches where any fuch perfon or perfons have their refidence, upon the Lord’s day immediately preceding) (hall be fubjedl and liable to pay eighteen pence refpedhve-ty for every fuch days failure, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons fend a fufficient man or men to work for him, her or them ; which penalty or penalties (hall be raifed and levied by a warrant under the hands of any two or more of the faid juftices of peace or commiflioners of fuppiy, upon a certificate under the hand of the overfeer or other proper officer, that fuch perfon or perfons was or were abfent; which juftices or commiflioners aforefaid are hereby authorized apd impowered to caufe their officers to diftrefs and poynd the reaefieft goods of any perfon or perfons fo abfent, for the penalty or penalties aforefaid, rendring the o-verplus (if any he) to the owner, tfie nsceflary charges o£ fuch diftrefs being deducted.

V. And

Digitized by v^ooQie

1718.]	Anno	quinto	Georgii	I. c. 3<v	125

V.	And be it ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid, That the Surveyors,Arc. furveyors and overfeers of the highways aforefaid ihall, eve^ very fix^ C" fix months after their acceptance of their office, from time to months the time, or fooner if required thereto, by warrant under the hands highways, &c. of any two or more of the juftices or the peace, furvey all the ani1 give an highways, bridges and ferries within the parilh, town or pre-

cincl where they are furveyors, and give a particular and true tIon t ‘ account in writing of the ftate and condition of all fuch high- the juftices, wavs, bridges and ferries, and more efpecially of fuch defe&s or nulances made, or encroachments committed upon the faid highways or any part thereof, as alfo what repairs or amendments the faid highways do want, to the juftices of the peace and commiffioners of lupply at their firft meeting thereafter; that the faid juftices of the peace and commiffioners of fuppjy may have full information of the ftate and condition of all the Neglecting, laid highways, bridges and ferries within their refpedtive (hires to and ftewartries, to the end that the feveral laws made on that as^or^^llng behalf may be duly executed; and all furveyors and overfeers to execute the negle&ing to give fuch account as aforefaid, or to profecute fuch office, as offend againft this a<5t, (hall fuffer the fame penalties as if they refufed to execute the offices aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, The juftices. That the juftices of the peace, and commiffioners of fupply, &c* ^a,l draw in their refpe&ive (hires and ftewartries aforefaid, (hall and are ^eYate°of hereby authorized and required to draw up a report of,the ftate the highways, and condition of the highways, bridges and femes, within their See. and de-refpeftive bounds yearly, containing an account of the number liver it totthe of men and horfes that have been imployed in the repairing and Ju^ciary at amending fuch highways, bridges and ferries, as aforefaid, with- [heir circuits, in the relpedtive bounds, for the year preceding; which report to be record-the faid juftices and commiffioners aforefaid (hall, and they are fd in their hereby authorized and required to deliver to the lords of his Jou^nal,• Majelly’s jufticiary at their circuits, to be recorded in their journals (beginning with the firft circuit, which (hall be in the

year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, and lb forth yearly) by the hands of the clerks of the commiffioners of peace, or by the clerk of the fupply of their refpeftive bounds.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Penalties,how That the penalties in this a<5t (other than fuch as (hall be in- to be levied curred by the tenants, cottars, and other labouring men, by and aPPlied* reafon or their failing to work on the refpedtive days to be appointed, as aforefaid) (hall be raifed and levied by fenteoce of

the juftices of the peace, and commiffioners of fupply, or any five of them; and the expences of the profecution lhall be carried on and defrayed by the re£pe<ftive (hires and ftewartries a-forefaid, at the fuit of fuch of the furveyors or overfeers as the faid juftices and commiffioners (hall from time to time appoint; and fuch penalties being fo levied, (hall be and are hereby appointed to be applied for repairing and amending fuch highways, bridges or ferries, in the refpedtive (hires or .ftewartries

where

Digitized by t^ooQle

Anno qulnto GeoRgii I. C. 3 r.	£ 1718.

where fuch penalties (hall be incurred, as the juftices of the peace, or the commiffioners of fupply (hall appoint, and in default of fuch appointment, for repairing and amending fuch highways, bridges or ferries, as the lords of judiciary in their circuits (hall diredh

Profecution VIII. Provided always, That no perfon or perfons fhall be within one puniflied for ariy offence againd this a&, unlefs fuch offender yew after the be profecuted for the fame within one year after the faid of-offence. fence (hall be committed.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft for enlarging the time granted by an aft of the ninth and tenth years of King William, for cleanftng and mating navigable the chanel from the Hythc at Colchefter te Wivenhoe \ and for making the faid aft more effcBuaL

10W. 3. \XT H E R E A S an aft paffed in the ninth and tenth years of the *•19*	VY	reign	of	his	late	majefty	King	William	the Third intituled,

nGwTc An a(^ f°r	and	making	navigable	the	chanel	from	the

jo. ’ . * Hythe at Colchefter to Wivenhoe, which aft was made to centime from the firft day ^May one thoufand fix hundred ninety and eighty for and during the fpace of one and twenty years, during which tens certain duties are by the faid aft laid upon fuch goods, wares and merchandizes for the purpojes aforefaidy as in the faid aft are mentioxeiy upon the credit of which aft the commiffioners therein appointcdy hate purfuant to the authority thereby given, borrowed monies for the morefpeedy and effeftual compleating the faid work ; but the faid dudes falling Jborty there hath not been Juffieient raifed thereby either to perfect the faid worky or to pay the whole money borrowed for that pur-pofe ; but the fum of one thoufand and two hundred pounds, or there-aboutSy doth now remain due to the executor ^William Hewer, late of Clapham in the county of Surrey, efq; upon fecurity of the premises \ which cannot be repaidy nor the faid chanel be effeffually repaired and amendedy according to the intent of the faid afty unlefs a further provifton be made by parliament, and the faid aft be made more effeftual: may it therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majedy, That it may be enadted, £$c.

The recited aft continued from May ?, 1719. till May r, 1740. The duties granted by this (hall be one moiety of the duties granted by the former aft, and (hall be charged on all fuch goods, &c. and raifed in fuch manner as by the (aid former aft. The duties hereby granted, to be a fecurity for repayment of the money due to the executor of William Hewr, efq5 in cafe of death, &c. of the commiffioners, the farmers to nominate others. The mayor, &c. of Colcbcfter may engage the profits for any term not exceeding 11 years, for fecuring the repay mem of any foa of money towards carrying on the (aid work. Where balla(t (hall be taken • and how much (hall be paid for it. Ballalt may be taken of other ner. ferns, paying id. per tun to the coHeftor of the cfaanel-duties. Matters, Sec. taking baUaft otherwife, (hall forfeit 10/. The mayor See. of Catck ter may make and ufe a track-path from Wwenboe to the Hythe on one fide of the river, and from Fwgrinboe to the Hjthe on the other ude, firft agreeing with the proprietors of the land j and if the proprietors refufe or are diublcd to agree, the commiffioners may ifltit their warrant to the fhenff

of

Digitized by Google

1718.] Anno quinto Georgii I. c. 31.

of Efix, to impanel a jury to afTefs damages and recompence to be given to the owners, &e. And the comnii/Eoners (hall give judgment for the fams (b affefled. Goods landed or loaded at any wharf below Wbvenbo*. fubjeff to the duties. No commiflioner (hall have any place of profit ari(-ing by the laid duties \ nor farm any Key, See. Thirteen commiflioners to be at each meeting. This aft (hall not extend to corn. See. All the ' monies (hall be applied to the ufes hereby dire&ecL Commiflioners to bear their own chaises.

CAR XXXII.

An aft for relief of fuch fufferers of the ijlands of Nevis and St. Chriftophers, as have fettled in either of tbofe ijlands, and made due proof of fuch fettlement before the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand /even hundred and twelve.

"1X7 HERE AS by an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of 9 Ann<c.

* *	her late majefty Queen Anne, for the licenjing and regulating

hackney coaebes and chairs, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, a Jum of one hundred three thoufand and three pounds ,eleven JhiUsngs and fourpence, is appointed to be deflributed to and amongfi fuch proprietors and inhabitants of the ijlands of Nevis and St. Chriftophers, who fuftained lojfes by the late invafton of the French there \ which fum was given for making good the encouragement given to the /aid fufferers to refettle their plantations in the faid ijlands, to prevent the great damage which the crown might, otherwije J'uftain by the total lofs thereof; which lojfes of the faidfufferers were to be examined in-to, and debentures made out for the fame, by the commiffioners for the affairs of trade and plantations, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and eleven, infueh manner as tn the faid aft is direfted \ andfame doubts and difficulties arijtng concerning the diftribution of the faid bounty, another aft pajfea in the tenth	Aiut

fear of her faid late Majefty s reign, for explaining feveral claufes m the faid former aft for the reliefof the faid fufferers: and whereas farther doubts and difficulties rm>e arifen upon the faid afti, to the prejudice of feveral of the faid fufferers, in refpeft of their not having refettled in the very fame ijland or plantation wherein they refpeftively fuftained their Ioffes; and it is but jtft and reajbnoble tone all fuch of the faid fufferers who did, on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and eleven, by themjelves, their agents or representatives, fettle orrefettb en either of the faid ijlands, Jbould have a proportionable Jbare rf the faid bounty: be it therefore ena&ed, &c*

The proprietors of plantations and inhabitants of the faid iflandl, who have bees fufferers, and refettled there before Dec. *$. >711. (hall be in* dried to a proportionable (bare at the bounty appointed by the recited aOft. EXT.

Anne

Digitized by

128

Anno fexto Georgii I. c. i—4.	[1719.	.

Anno Regni GEORGII I. Regis Magnce Britannia, Francis &? Hibernia, fexto.

A T the parliament begun and holden at Weftrr.infter, the feventeentb day of March, Anno Domini one tboufand	/even .hundredand fourteen, in the fir ft year of the

reign of our fovereign lord GEORGE, by the Grate of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by fever at prorogations to the twenty-third day of November one tboufand feven hundred and nineteen •, being the fifth fejfion of this prefent parliament.

C A P. I.

An aft for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land-tax to be railed in

- Great-Bri.atn, for the lervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty. 3s. in the pound. EXP.

CAP. II.

An aft for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the lervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty $ and for enabling the loids comraiftioners of his Majefty *s treafury to call in fuch exchequer-bills as are to be cancelled and drfcharged with money appointed for that purpole. EXP.

CAP. III.

An aft for puniftiing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. IV.

The feveral publick debts and incumbrances to be redeemed.

Forfarther prtyvifions con-ctrntng the matters in this aQyfee 6 Geo. X. c. 10.7 Geo* 1. fat. i.c. i. 5» **•

7 Geo. i .flat* ft. c. I. t G(o, i, ao.

An a£t [or enabling the South-Sea company to encreafe their prefent capital flock and fund, by redeeming fuch publick debts and incumbrances as are therein mentioned •> and for raifing money to be applied for leffening feveral of the pub-lick debts and incumbrances \ and for calling in the prefent exchequer-bills remaining uncancellcd\ and for making forth new bills in lieu thereof to be circulated and exchanged upon demand at or near the exchequer.

O S T gracious Sovereign, whereas as well within or during the refpcfiive reigns of feveral of your Majeflys royal prede-cefforSy as alfo fence your Majefly s happy accefflon to the throne of this realnty divers afls of parliament now in force have been made and paffedy whereby feveral publick duties, revenues and incomes, have been granted or continued in perpetuity, or for feme eflatey term or intereft now in being \ and all or mofl of the faid publick duties, revenues and incomes, are and fland clogged and incumbred by authority of parliament with fundry annuities, yearly funds, debts or payments charged thereupon refpeflivelyy and payable

gut

M'

Digitized by CjOOQle

Anrib fextoGEORGH I. c. 4."	t2#

ffl of the fanUy either in perpetuity, or for term or terms of life, **9**^**c* ** lives or years, in feme cafes abfohtely,	in other cafes fubjeft to a ^ xa c * £

power of redemption by parliament y as hereafter in and by this aft is + & *5 w. & more particularly expreffed: that is to fay, by one aft of the fourth M. c. 3. year of the reign of their late majefties King William and Queen Mary, mtitultdy An aft for granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties of excile upon beer, ale, and other liqudrs, for fecuring certain fecompcnces and advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to fuch perfons as fhall voluntarily advance the fum of ten hundred thoufand pounds towards carrying on the war againft Prance, certain rates and duties of excife upon beery ak> and other Squorsy were granted to the crown for the term of ninety nine yearly which commenced from the twenty fifth day of January one thoufand fix hundred ninety two; and by virtue of the fame afty and divers Jubfequcnt afts relating thereuntOy the faid rates and duties of excifey fo granted by the faid aft of the fourth year of their late Makefiles reign, do nowfiand charged (amongfi other tnings) with feve- ♦ ral annuities amounting to one hundred twenty four thoufand four hundred and nine pounds one Jbtiling and nine pence per annum 5 part of which annuities were purchafed upon a term of ninety fix yearly which commenced from the twenty fifth day of January one thoufand fix hundred ninety five; and another part thereof upon a term of eighty nine yearly which commenced from the twenty fifth day of January one thoufand feven hundred and two; and during the rejpeftive remainders of the Jaid refpeftive terms are payable to the refpeftive proprietors thereof \ according to the nature of their feveral and refpeftive eftates and biter efts therein ywhereoffome are in pojfejjiony . and others to take effeft in reverfiony or by way of future inter eft: and the faid rates and duties of excife originally granted for the faid term of ninety nine yearly have been continued and made perpetual by feveral afts of parliament fence made and pajfedy for fraeral ufes and purpofes therein exprejjea. And by one aft of the fifth year of the 5 & 6 W. Sc reign of their faid late majefties King William and Queen Mary, M. c. ao. intituiedy An aft for granting to their Majefties feveral rates and duties upon tonnage of (hips and vefiels, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompenses and advantages in the feid aft mentioned, to fuch oerfons as (hall voluntarily advance the fum of fifteen hundred thoufand pounds towards carrying on the war againft France,feveral rates and duties upon tonnage of/hips and vefiels were laid for four yearly which commencedfrom the firft day of June one thoufand fix hundred and ninety four; and feveral additional rates and duties of excife upon beery ale, and other liquors, commencing from the feventeentn day fl/'May one thoufand fix hundred and ninety /even, were granted to their faid Majefties y their heirs and fuccejforsy and by virtue of the aft laft luentionedy and of divers fubfequent afts relating thereuntOy towards baiftng the fum of three hundred thoufand pounds therein mentiohedy Hie faid rates and duties upon tonnage of Jhips and veffels, and the Mi additional rates and duties of excife, granted bp the faid ail of thefifth pear of theirfaid late Majefties	, or two feventh parts

tf the fmd additional	extife, do now ftand charged	c* *°*

Y Voi. XIV.	K	*	things)

Digitized by

Google

P n	f	•*

Anno iexto Gborgii I. c. 4'



12

C. II.

things) with feveral annuities amounting to fifteen thoufand two, hundred thirty fix pounds and twelve failings per annum; part of which annuities laji mentioned were purchajed upon the term of ninety fix yearSy which commenced from the twenty fifth day ^/“January one thoufand fix hundred and ninety five-, and another part thereof * upon the term of eighty nine years, which commenced from the twenty fifth day of January one thoufand /even hundred and two \ and during the refpeftive remainders of thofe terms are payable to the respective proprietors thereof according to the nature of their fevered and refpeftive efiates and interefis therein, whereof fome are in pojfejfion, and others to take e fie ft in revtrfiony or by way of future inter And by one aft of the twelfth year of the reign of hisJaid late majefiy & 13 W. 3. King William, intituled. An ad for appropriating three thou-1*.	fand	feven hundred pounds weekly, out or certain branches of

excife for publick ufes, and for making a provifion for the fer-vice of his Majefty's houfhold and family, and other his necef-fary occafions, it was enafted, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred\ for and during the term offive years then next enfuing, the fully clear and intire wsetif fum of three thoufand feven hundred pounds, out of the hereditary duties of excife, and other duties of excife therein mentioned, and every or any of them, Jhould be brought and paid into the receipt of exche-„ query for the purpofes in that aft exprejfed. And by an aft made in Ann. flat. 1. ^ firft year of the reign ofbtr late majefiy gjueen Anne, intituled, An ad for the better fupport of her Majeftyvs houfhold, and the honour and dignity of the crown, the duties of excife thereby grant-,	ed	during her Majefiy s life, together with the faid hereditary duties

of excife, were fubjefted to the faid weekly payment of three thoufand feven hundred pounds, during the faid term of five years; and after the expiration thereof fo much money, as together with certain payments, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, Jhould 1	makeup	a	fum	of	three	thoufand	feven	hundred pounds for every weak

during her Majefiy9s life, was thereby appointed to be taken out of the faid hereditary and other duties of excife therein mentioned, or any of them i and the faid payments of three pounds per centum per annum being deduced out of the hereditary part thereof the refidue cf the faid three thoufand Jeven hundred pounds per week was thereby curcft-ed to be applied and difpofed for the publick ufe and fervice.	And

by an a ft of the fecond year of the reign of her faid late majefiy §^ueeu Anne, intituled, An ad for granting an aid to herMajefty for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions, by felling annuities at feveral rates, and for fuch refpedive terms and efiates as are therein mentioned, it was enaftedffbatfrom and after the five and twentieth day December one thoufand Jeven hundred and five, tie faidfull, clear and entire weeklyfum of three thoufand and feven 2m-dred pounds 9 out of the faid hereditary duties of excife and other duties if excife therein mentionedy or any of them* Jhould from time to time fir ever be brought and paid into the receipt of exchequer \ and by virtm cf the fame aft and divers fubfequent afts relating theretmtOy the find weekly payments do now Jfiand charged (among divers other things) with feveral annuities amounting to one hundred four thoufand feven

hundred

Sc 3 Ann. 3-

Digitized by

Google

'*719.J	Aftno'ftxto GEORdifl. C. 4.	r§i

hundred forty five pounds ten /killings and fix pence halfpenny per an-?: num (over and above twelve hundred pounds per annum* for charges of paying the fame annuities) which annuities laji mint toned weft pur chafed upon a term of ninety and nine fears* reckoned from the five and twentieth day of March one thottfand feven hundred and four* and during the remainder of that term are payable to thefeve-ral proprietors thereof* according to the nature of their feveral and tefpeftive eflates and interejls therein* whereof fome are in pojfejfion, others to take effeft in reverfion* or by way offuture inter eft* And by an a ft of the third year of the reign of her faid late majejly Queen Annt* intituled* An aft for railing monies by fale of fevenu an-	,

nuities, for carrying on the prefent vctt, feveralannuities* amount- 3 * ^Asau^us ing to forty fix thoufand pounds per annum, were purtbafed for a term of ninety and nine years* reckoned from the five and twentieth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and five* at the rati of fifteen years purcbafe* and during the remainder of that term are payable to thefeveral proprietors thereof out of the monies arifing by thefaid weekly payment of three thoufand feven hundred pounds* or fome patt thereof according to the tenor of the aft laji mentioned* and other afts of parliament tn that behalf And by an aft of the fourth year of the reign of her faid late majejly Queen Anne, intituled* An aft 4 Ann* c. 6» for continuing an additional lubfidy of tonnage and poundage, and certain duties upon coals, culm and cynders, and additional duties of ertcife •* and for fettling and eftablifhing a fond thereby, and by other ways and means, for payment of annuities* to be fold for railing a further fupply to her Maj^fty fot the fer-vice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fix, and other tafes therein mentioned, feveral annuities; amounting to one hundred eighty four thoufand two hundred forty two pounds fourteen fallings per annum, were purchased for a term of ninety nine years, reckoned from thefive and twentieth day of March one thoufand fevers hundred and fix, at the rate of fifteen years and an halfs pur chafe; and during the remainder of that term* are payable to the feveral and refpeftive proprietors thereof out of the monies arifing of or for the feveral fubfidies of tonnage and poundage* and of or for the duties on coals* culm and cynders* and the feveral rates and duties of extife* by that aft appointed to be paid into the exchequer*from time to time* in fuch manner and form as by that aft are prefiribed in that behalf: and the faid additional fubfidy of tonnage and poundage (commonly call-ed the one third fubfidy) and the faid additional duties of ex cifi* have fevefalfy been continued, and made perpetual by Jlviral afts of parlia-mentfince made and pajfed* for feveral ufes and purpofes therein ex-	J

frejfid* And by cm aft of the fifth year of the reign of her faid late majejly Queen Amt* intituled* An aft for continuing the duties 5 Ann*c# *9* on low wines and fpirits of the firft extraction, and the duties payable by hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and part 6f the duties on fiampt veHom, parchment and paper, and the lato duties on fweets, and the one third fubfidy of tonnage and poundage ; and for fettling arid eftablifhing a fund thereby, and by the application of certain overplus monies, and otherwife, for payment of annuities, to be fold for railing a further fupply 1	K	*	to

^Digitized by

Google

*33:	Anno	facto	Geohgii	I, €.^	£1719*

tafcer Majcfty, for the fervice of the year one thoufand fevea hundred and feven, and other ufes therein exprefied, feveral annuities, amounting to feventy two thoufand one hundred eighty few* pounds ten jbillings per annum, were purchafed for a term of ninety mne years, reckoned from the five and twentieth day of March one ^	thoufand	feven	hundred	and	feven, at the rate of fixteen years pur*

chafeand during the remainder of that term are payable to the fe-verai and refpeflive proprietors thereof out of the monies arifing by the feveral rates and duties upon low wines and fpirits of tbe firfl extra#ion, and the duties payable by hawkers, pedlars and petty chapmen, and the duties upon fweets, and the duties upon fiampt veUom, parchment and paper, and an a ditional fubfidy thereby granted Or continued, for fuch refpeflive terms as are therein mentioned» and out of the refpeflive overplus monies of other annuity funds, and other monies by the fame a# chargeable with the payment thereof, isI fuch manner and form as are thereby prefcribed in that behalf; and the faid feveral duties on low wines and fpirits of the firfi extro&hm, and upon hawkers, pedlars and petty chapmen, and the faid part of the duties on fiampt vellom, parchment and paper, and the faid lata duties on fweets, have fever ally been continued and made perpetual by fundry afts of parliament ftnce made and paffed for feveral ufes ami purpofes therein exprejfed. And by an a# of the fixth year of the a Aim c. $* reign of her faid late majcfiy Queen Anne, intituled. An aA for raifing a further fupply to her&Iajefty for the ferviccof the ytan one thoufand feven hundred and eight, and other ufes, by fide of annuities charged on a fund not exceeding forty tkoo&nd pounds per annum, to arife by appropriating feveral' forphiflet, and by granting further terms in the duties on low wines, and on hawkers, pedlars and petty chapmen, the ftamp duties, the one third fubfidy, the duty on fweets, and one of the branches of the excife, and by making other provifion in this aft mentioned, feveral annuities, amounting to forty thoufand pounds par annum, were purchafed for a term of ninety nine years, reckoned from the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and eight, at the like rate cf fixteen years pur chafe, and during the remainder of that term are payable to the feveral and refpc&ive proprietors thereof out of a yearly fund or fumof forty thoufand pounds per annum, by that a# efiablijhed and charged upon finh JurpluJfts or overplus monies, and further grants of feveral duties and ether provifms as are therein mentioned for anjwering the fame* And by another a# of the faid fixth year of the reign of her faid kite eAniLc.il. majefiy Queen Anne, intituled. An aft for continuing one halfpart of the fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, and other dutkfs • !	upon	wines,	goods	and	merchandizes	imported,	which	went

granted to the crown in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and for fettling a fund thereby, and by other .ways and means, for payment of annuities not exceeding eighty thoufand pounds per annum, to be fold for railing a further Tup* ply to her Majefiy for the fervice of the year one thoufand fewm hundred and eight, and other ufes therein exprefied, feveral annuities, amounting to eighty thoufand pounds pcraanumf were tur-

6u	chafed

Digitized by



*749.]	Anno facta Groton I. c.	4.

fee # tern of ninety nine years, retimed from the twenty fourth day of June one tboufandfeven hundred and eight, at Shtkke rat* af fatten years purcbafe, and during ihe remainder of that term me payable to tke feveral and refyeftive proprietors thereof \ and are by the fame a£t eharged upon the monies artftng from time to time of or for the balffubjidy of tonnage and poundage, and other duties thereby granted or continued for a term of years therein mentioned, mod other monies thereby appointed, for payment of the fame annuities in ihe manner and form thereby prefsrHed; and the find ha\fi-fub+ fidy of tonnage and poundage bath fence been continued and made pern petual by an aft of parliament fence made and pajfed, for feveral ufet and purpofes therein exprejjed; ail which annuities herein before-men* tinned to be payable during the refpefttve remainders of the faid fit-veral and rejpeBive terms of ninety Jin years, eighty nine years, and ninety nine years, do by computation, amount in the whole, to fix hundred fixty fix thoujani eight hundred twenty one pounds eight Jail* lings and three pence halfpenny per annum, or thereabouts. And whereas by an a8 of parliament made and pajfed in the eighth year af the reign of her faid late majefey Queers Anne, intituled, An afl g Ann. c. 7, lor granting to her Majefty new duties of excife, and upon fe-VjcraJ imported commodities 5 and for eftabli(hing a yearly fund thereby, and by other ways and means, to raife nine hundred fcboofond pounds by fale of annuities, and (in default thereof) by another lottery, for the fervice of the year one thoufand fovea hundred and ten, ftveral annuities amounting to eighty one iboufand pounds per annum, were purchafei for a term of thirty ttoo years, reckoned from the twenty ninth day of September one thou* fond foveu hundred and ten, at the rate of nine pounds per annum for every one hundred pounds, and proportionally for any greater font advanced or paid; and during the remainder of the faid term of thirty two years the feme annuities are payable to the feveral and rafpe&ive^ proprietors thereof, out of a yearly fund or fum of eighty one iboufand pounds by that a8 ejlablijhed, and charged upon new rates and duties of excife, and new duties upon pepper, raifens, nut* megs, cinnamon, cloves, mace and Jhujfs thereby granted, and other provifiom thereby mode, for anjwering the feme yearly fund in the manner therein mentioned. And whereas by another aft of parliament made in the eighth year of the reign of her faid late majejiy Spueen t Amc.** Annt, intituled. An alt for continuing part of the duties upon coals, culm and cynders, and granting neto duties upon houfes having twenty windows, or more, to raife the fum of fifteen hundred Iboufand pounds by way of a lottery for the fervice of the year one thou fond feven hundred and ten, certain additional eg new duties were impofed upon coals, culm and cynders, and upon dwelling houfes*, for the term of thirty two years, reckoned from the twenty ninth day of September one thmfand Jeven hundred and ten; gnd a yearly fund of one hundred and thirty five tboufand pounds was thereby tfiabUJbed, during that term, for payment of Jucb lottery-annuities as foould be founded upon that aft, and be payable upon Jucb tickets at were thereby prejtribed. And purfuant to an aft of the fifth year ofyrur Mafofijs reign, intituled, An ait for redeeming s Geo. 1. c.i*

*3

Digitized by

*34-	Aimo	fcxto	GtaOtOfti	I.	C.^	[iji^

the fund impropriated for payment .of the lottery tickets which ytert made forth for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven. hundred and ten* by a voluntary fubfcnption of the. proprietors into the capital dock of the South-Sea company; and for raifi&g a fum of money to pay off fuchdebts and incumbrances as ate therein mentioned ; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament; and to limit times for profecutions upon bondsfor exporting cards and dice, the yearly fum of eighty feven ehoufand three hundred forty two pounds four failings and five pence (part of the faid yearly fund of one hundred and thirty five fhoufani pounds) hath already been pur chafed by the corporation of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fijhery; and the fame eighty /even thoufand three hundred forty two pounds four JhtlUngsand five pence per annum, together with one thoufand three hundred ninety feven pounds nine Jhillings and Jut fence per annum more, for charges of management, is already added to the yearly fund or annuity of the fame corporations and the yearly fum of forty fix thoufand two hundred fixty pounds fix findings fnd one penny (being the refidue of the faid yearly fund ofone hundred and thirty five thoufand pounds) is, during the remainder of the Ufa mentioned term of thirty two years, payable in feveral lottery-amw-ties, and upon pay-tickets for the fame, which were not jubfertitoi upon the faid aft of the fifth year of your Majejly's reign j which yearly fums herein before mentioned to be payable during the respective remainders of the faid feveral terms of thirty two years,, do together, by computation, amount to the fum of one hundred twenty Jeven thoufand two hundred fixty pounds fix /billings and one pewey per annum, or thereabouts, find whereas feveral principal fums, amounting in the whole to fixteen millions five hundred forty*fix thoufand four hundred eighty two pounds feven findings end one peaty farthing, or thereabouts, are fecund by feveral afts of parliament, for which inter eft monies or annuities at feveral rates one payable at the publick charge, till the fatisfying of the faid principal fauns, on redemption of the funds charged with the payment of fuel igterefi+ monies or annuities, according to the tenor of the refpeftivt: offs of parliament tn that behalf; that is to fay, The fum of five btnuhred fixty three thoufand three hundred pounds doth, on the nineteenth day *'	of March one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, remain unfatifa

fad to complete the fum of fix hundred thirty three thoufand and ten pounds principal money, which by virtue of letters patents of her iate majefiy Queen ^nne, bearing date the thirteenth dcy ofQiftober one thoufand feven hundred and thirteen, grounded upon an aft if Ann. flat, parliament of the twelfth year of her reign, intituled. An adUo $. c. it. raife twelve hundred thoufand pounds for publick vies, by circulating a further him in exchequer bills % and for enabling hex Majefty to raife five hundred thoufand pounds on the revenues appointed for ufes of her civil government, to be applied for or towards payment of fuch debts and arrears owing to her fervams, tradefmen, and others, as are therein mentioned, was charged with an inter eft (fter the rate of four pounds p$r centum pcrpqr * \	*	'	V	‘	"	pum.

1719O	AnnofottoGEORGHl. c. 4*	i£j

mim, upoti a yearly fund of thirty five thoufandpounds, payable at * the exchequer during the term of thirty two years from Michadmas one thoufand [even hundred and thirteen, out of the revenues in the fame letters patents mentioned ; %which yearly fund is redeemable upon paying off aU the principal and intereft charged thereupon; the fum of one millionfifty five thoufand nine hundred and ninety pounds doth, on the two and twentieth day of March one thoufand /even hundred and nineteen, remain unfatisfied to complete the fern of one million ode hundred fifty /even thoufand three hundred and fixty pounds5 which in refpeft only of the tickets commonly called the blank tickets, brawn in the lottery for raifing fourteen hundred thoufand pounds for' the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, was charged with an intereft after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, upon the yearly fund of one hundred fixteen thoufand five hundred feventy three pounds and twelve Jbillingsy payable at the exchequer out of certain duties on fope, paper, linens, filks, calls coes, fluffs, Jlarch, exported coals, and uponftampt vellum, parchment and paper, granted for thirty two years, from the fecond day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen, by two afts, one of the twelfth year cf her find late Majefiy's reign, intituled, An aft for 1* Ana. fat. laying additional duties on fope and paper, and upon certain*0, 9* linens, ffiks, callicoes and fluffs, and upon ftarch, exported coals, and upon ftampt veUum, parchment and paper, for raifing one million four hundred thoufand pounds by way of a lottery for her Majefty** fupply; and for allowances on exporting made wares of leather, (heep-fkins and lamb-fkins 5 and for diftributton of four thoufand pounds due to the officers and feameri for gun-money-5 and to adjuft the property of tickets in former lotteries; and touching certain (hares or flock in the capita! of the 8outh-8ea company; and for appropriating the monies granted to her Majefty, and the other of the firft year of your May eftfs reign, intituled, An aft for rectifying miftakes m 1 Goo* 1* fat* Ac names of the commiffioners of the land-tax for the year one c* •• thoufand feven hundred and fourteen; and for raifing fo much as is wanting to make up the fum of fourteen hundred thou-fend pounds, intended to be raifed by a lottery for the publtek fervice’in the faid year, or by one of the aftsbfl mentioned 5 and iGto.x. c.i9, tht fum of fix hundred fifty two thoufand and twenty pounds doth, *»•	-

on the two and twentieth day of March one thoufand feven hundred1 Gco* ••c* 3* dnd nineteen, remain unfatisfied, to complete the Jum of feven hundred nineteen thoufand and forty pounds, which in refpefi only of the tic- . hts, commonly called the prize tickets, drawn in the lottery laft men* ' timed, Was charged upon the faid yearly fund of one hundred fixteen thoufand five hundred feventy three pounds and twelve /billings, with an intereft after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum*; which yearly fund laft mentioned is alfo redeemable upon paying off all the principal Jums and arrears of intereft due thereupon. And je-vtral furns amounting to one million feventy nine thoufand pounds prin* ctpol monies were advanced for the ufe of the publtek, purfhant to two '	*

feveral abfs of parliament of tht firft year of your Majeftfs reign, the one for raifing nine hundred and ten thoufand founds upon a fund

*f

Digitized by v^ooQle

13$	Anno	fartOvGEORGii	I.	c.*	[1719^

of forty five thoufand five hundred pounds per annum, and the ether for ratfing one hundred and fixty nine tboufand pounds upon a fund of eight thoufand four hundred and fifty pounds per annum, charged upon the aggregate fund, and other provifions therein mentioned $ fer all which fumsfo amounting to one million feventy nine thoufandpounds, the contributors, and thoje claiming under them, are intitled to Je~ veral annuities at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, payable by the cajbter of the hank of England for the time being} and the fame annuities at that rate amount to fifty three thoufand mke hundred and fifty pounds per annum (over and above fix hundred and fifty pounds per annum allowed for charges of management) host are Jubjeft to redemption at any time upon one year's notice, and re* payment by parliament of the rtfpeftive principal fums laft mentioned, and of all arrears of the fame annuities (if any be then due). And by ,or in purfuance of an aft of parliament made in the third year of 3 Geo. 1. e. 7. your Majeflfs reign, intituled, An ad for redeeming the dudet and revenues which were fettled to pay off principal and imev reft on the orders made forth on four lottery-ads palled in the ninth and tenth years of her late Majefty’s reign, and for redeeming certain annuities payable on orders out of the hereditary excife, according to a former ad in that behalfj and for eftabliftiing a general yearly fund, not only for the future payment of annuities at feveral rates, to be payable and transfer* r*bl$ at the bank of England and redeemable by parliament * but ajfp, to taife monies for fuch proprietors of the faid orders, as lhall chufe to be paid tlieir principal and arrears of intereftia ready money; and for making good fuch other deficiencies and payments, as in this ad are mentioned ; and for taking off the djftiefr on linfeed imported and Britifb linen exported, fevered MPfiities or yearly fums, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, amounting in the whole to tne fum °f four hundred ft-VWty fix thoufand feven hundred feventeen pounds feventeen fbillutgs find eight pence per annum 9 or thereabouts, are payable by tbecafider of thfbfinkof England for the time being for feveral principal Jams which remained due and unfinished on the f aid four lottcry-afts, and fyrt one moiety of the debt which was due to certain bankers and others, and for intereft made principal purfuant to tin aft laft mentioned, <j-mounting in the whole to nine millions five hundred thirty four thoufand three hundred fifty feven pounds thirteen Jhillings and eleven penes 9 Ann. c. 6. three farthings 5 that is to fay, on the aft for the ten pounds lottery f&r the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eleven, the fum of one million fix hundred feventy two thoufand eight hundred 9 Ann. c. 10. Seventy one pounds find ten Ihillings \ on the aft for the clafs lottery of the fame year the fum of two millions five hundred fixty three thoufand so Ann. c. 19. fwen hundred fixty eight-pounds and four Jhillings \ and on the aft for the ten pounds lottery for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hjindred and twelve the fum of two millions two hundred ninety two tbgufand three hundred fixty feven pounds and feven /hillings; and on ?o Ann. c. 16. tfieaftfer the claf^lottery of the fame year the fum of two millions three hundred forty fix thoufand feven hundred forty five pounds nineteen jhilHngs findfix pence \ and for the faid moiety of the debt which was fae to the Bankers and others the fum tffix hundred fifty eight tboufand

Digitized by

Google

nr

1719.3	Annp fecto Georqii I; a 4.

fix hundred fifty four, pounds thirteen fallings and five petite three farthings. Ana by or in purfuance of the fatd ait of the third year of your Majefifs reign feveral annuities or yearly fums, after the 3 Geo. t. c. 7. rate of four pounds per centum per annum, amounting to the fum ef one hundred two ihoufand thirty fix pounds thirteen /hillings and two pence per annum, or thereabouts, are payable by the cajbier of the bank England for the time being for feveralprincipal fums amounting to two millions Jive hundred fifty thoufand nine hundred 4&J ftxteen pounds eight /hillings and eight pence halfpenny, or there* abouts j that is to fay, two thoufand fix hundred feventy two pounds and ten findings per annum, or thereabouts, for monies contributed by tallies pf fol to fatisfy the principal and intereft, amounting to fix* ty fix thoufand eight hundred and twelve pounds nine Jbillings and two pence, which remained unfatisfied upon the regifter of loans found* ed upon lie aft of parliament for the duties on low winesy and other things therein mentioned, which expired on or about the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen \ thirteen thou- 3&4A1U1.C.4. fond eight hundred, feventy one pounds fourteen Jbillings and eight pence per annum, or thereabouts, for monies contributed by tallies of fol to fatisfy the principal and intereft, amounting to three hundred forty fix thoufand feven hundred ninety three pounds feytn Jbillings and ten pence, which remained unfatisfied upon the regifter of loans founded on the aft of parliament for the duty on caudles, which ex* Ajjn ^ pired on or about the firji day of May one thoufand feven hundred and 9 fifteen y twenty thoufand three hundred fixty five pounds one JbiUtng and ten pence per annum, or thereabouts^ for monies contributed by tallies of fol to fatisfy a deficiency, which (when adjufted) appeared to amount to five hundred nine thoufand one hundred twenty feven pounds five. Jbillings and fix pencey to make good your Majeftfs fup- 2 3 Geo. 1. c.j, fly for the year one thoufand feven hundred and ftxteen.; nine hurt* died, fixty Jeven pounds fixteen Jbillings and nine pence per annum, or thereabouts, for momes contributed by tallies of fol to fatisfy few* ral bills pf exchange, amounting to twenty four thoufand one hundred ninety five pounds eighteen /billings and one penny> drawn for the jervice of the expedition to Canada: fixty four thoufand one hundred fifty nine pounds nine /hillings and eleven pence per annum, or there* about*) for the principal fums, amounting to one million fix hundred three thoufand nine hundred eighty feven pounds eight jbillings ami one penny halfpenny, contained in army debentures certified on or he* fore the one and twentieth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen by the proper officer appointed to make forth Juch deben* tures purfiunt to the feveral aflf of parliament in that behalf: all which annuities or yearly fums% computed or to be computed after the find refpeftive rates offive pounds per centum per annum and four pounds per centum per annum, by virtue or in purfuance ef the fetid aft of the third year ofyour Majefifs reign are payable out of a cer- 3 Geo. t. c.> tain yearly fiend of fteven hundred twenty four thoufand eight hun • dred forty nine pounds fix /hillings and ten pence and one. fifth part of a penny per annum, commonly called the general fund, eflabli/bed by the fame aft: the payments whereof and making good all deficiencies jbfreupon ore fecund by the feveral duties as\id revenues by that aft

granted

Digitized by

Google

ijt	Anno	facto	GeoRGII	I. c.£

%ranted and made perpetual, and by [everal appropriations and other prevtfums therein Jpeeified, and the fame annuities are redeemable tip-in Juch notice or notices and fuch payment or payments to he made9 as in and by the [aid aft of the third year of your Majejifs reign, are prefcribed. And by or in purfuance of a certain clauje contained in the 5 Geo. i. ci. aft for the land-tax pajjcd in the fifth year of your Majefifs reirky one or more annuity or annuities amounting to the film offive thdufani five hundred fifteen pounds and twelve /billings per annum, or there-abouts, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum* were made payable by the faid ca/hier of the bank of England for the time being out of the faid general fund offeven hundred twenty four tbm-fand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix /hillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, to the treafurer of your Majeflfs navy for the Jervice of thenavy and victualling thereof to tndie goods deficiency of one hundred ten thou fond three hundred and twelve pounds feventeen /hillings and four pence in thefame aft expre/fed; which annuity or annuities lajl mentioned are alfo charged on the faid general # yearly fund, and be payable at the bank England as otbef amnesties payable out of that fund, until the redemption thereof by parliament.

S Geo. T.c.14. Andbyorin purfuance of another aft of the fifth year ofyour Majefifs A private aft. reign, intituled. An a& for the relief of EdwardC/ent, efq; executor of lieutenant colonel Thomas Clent, for an army debenture Joft in the pay-office, one or more annuity or annuities amounting to twenty three pounds eight /hillings and three pence farthing per annum, or thereabouts, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, came payable by the faid ca/hier of the bank of England for the tiMe being out of the faid general fund of /even hundred twenty four the»- I fond eight hundredforty nine pounds fix Jhillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, for the principal film of five bun- I dred eighty five pounds feyen /billings and one penny, fiated to he dm on a lofi debenture mentioned in the fame aft; which annuity or annuities were alfo thereby made payable until the redemption thereof by parliament. And by or in purfuance of (mother aft of parliament mode 5 Gf >• i.c.3. in the fifth year of your Majefiy's reign, Intituled, An a& for applying certain overplus monies and further fun)s? to be railed as well by way of a lottery as by loans, towards paying off and cancelling exchequer bills, and for leffening the pntfent great chaige in relation to thofe bills; and for tirculating and • exchanging for ? ready money the refidue of the fame bills for the future, Several annuities, amounting in the whole to the yearly fum of twenty thoufand 13 Geo. j. c.j ^pounds, after the rate of four poinds per centum per annum for tin principal fums, amounting to five hundred thoufand pounds contributed to a lottery founded upon that aft, are payable by the ca/hier of the bank of England for the time being out of a yearly fund of twenty thoufand pounds thereby charged {amongft other things) upon the duties and re-r	venues thereby denominated the aggregate fund, fabjeft ncverthelefs to a

provifo of redemption upon fuch notice and payments as by the aft la ft mentioned are prefcribed. And by or in purfuance of another aft made in the . Cpof i • c. 9 .faid fifth year of your Majefiys reign, intituled. An aft for continuing certain duties upon coals and culm, and for eftablifhine cer*-tain fund$ toraife money, as well to proceed in the building of nc#

churches*

Digitized by v^ooQle

*7*90 Anno .fctto'GsaftOU I. a 4*	<199

churches, as *Ifo to complete the fupplv granted tohisMajeftyy and to referve the overplus monies of tne laid duties for the difc pofitionof parliament; and for more effedually fupprefltng pri-▼ate lotteries, the fum of five hundred thou fond pounds therein men* tioned, towards your Majttlys fupply, was raiftd by a littery; whtch.% Geo. i. c. S. fumy together with interefifor the fame* after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, till repayment of the principal* *s thereby petered to be paid at the exchequer in the courfe therein mentionedby and out ofa yearly fund of thirty thoufandfiue hundredfifty nine pounds and fourteen fallings, thereby fettled for thirty two years, reckoned from the twenty fifth day of March one thoujahd feven hundred and nineteen, and charged (amongft other things) upon certain duties on coals and culm thereby granted or appropriated: fo that all the prin* cipal fums for which interefl-monies are payable out of the faid redeemable funds or fecurities carrying interat the Jaid rate of five pounds per centum per annum, till fatisfailion of the fame principal Jums, do amount to one million fifty five tboufand nine hundred and ninety pounds, or thereabouts; and all the principalfums for which interefi^ monies are buyable out of the faid redeemable funis or fecurities carry-ing interefi at the fendrate of four pounds per centum per annum* till fatisfaQion of the fame principal fums, do amount to one million feven hundred fifteen tboufand three hundred and twenty pounds, or thereabouts, and all the principal fums for which the find annuities are payable out of the faid redeemable funds or fecurities at the fiend' rate of five pounds per annum for every one hundred pounds, do a*• mount to ten millions foven hundred twenty three tboufand Jix hundred feventy pounds oleven fallings and three pence three farthings. or thereabouts; and tbo annuities, payable for the fame at the rate laft-mentioned, do amount to five hundred thirty fix tboufand one hundred eighty three pounds ten fillings and fix pence thee farthings per an-num,^r thereabouts, till the redemption thereof \ and ad the principal puns for which the faid annuities are payable out of the faid redeemable funds or fecurities at the faid rate of four pounds per annum for every one hundred pounds, do amount to three millions fifty one tboufand five hundred and one pounds fifteen findings and nine pence halfpenny, or thereabouts-, and tbo annuities payable for the fame at the fata rate of four pounds per centum per annum, do amount to one hundred twenty two tboufand grid fixty pounds one falling and five pence per annum, or thereabouts until the redemption thereof South-Sea whereas the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain company wil-tradsug to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and for on- lingtotakein, couraging the fijbery, are willing, at fiuch time or times as they Jhall chafewfub-" find convenient, before the firft day */March one tboufand feven hun- fcription,allor dred and twenty One, to take in, either by purchafe or fubficriptions, any ofthefe all or any the above-mentioned annuities, payable during toe rcfpefl-ive remainders of the above-mentioned terms of ninety fix years, eigh- ^	1	Marc*

ly nine years and ninety nine years, (in this ail before computed to a-11 9 mount in the whole to fix hundred fixty fix tboufand eight hundred twenty one pounds eight fallings and three pence halfpenny per annum, or thereabouts) from the refpe&ive proprietors thereof (and without without comr pnj compuifion ycqnyof tbo faid proprietors) at fuch price and pricey pdfionon any

Of propfi-

Digitized by

Google

1^0	Anno	fejto	Geqboh !• c» 4*	^

ft /ball it agreed between the /aid company and the refpe&ive pr+pn-iters of tbofe annuities; and where any of the annuities fi payable deer* iyg toe remainder of any of the faid Jang terms of ninety fix yearly eighty nine years ana ninety nine years, do or JbaU belong to feveral per-L	fans or corporations having particular eftatcs or interefi therein (m

pojfeffion, reverfion or by way of future interefi) who will voluntarily agree together to dipart with fuch their particular efiates or interefii, that fo thefaid governor and company may lawfully take in fiub annuity yr annuities during the whole remainder of the find refpe&ive term of ninety fix years, eighty nine years or ninety nine years, the find governor and company, in all fuch cafes, are willing* at fitch time or times as they Jhall find convenient, before the faidfirfl of March am tboufand [even, hundred and twenty one y to take in, either by pur chafe or fubfiriptions, fuch particular efiates or inter efts, whereby the fad annuities for the whole remainder of the faid long terms refpe&ive* (y may effectually be taken in, according to the true meaning of this aft, at fuch price or prices as Jhall be agreed between the fed company and thofe proprietors: provided the faid governor and cmh The conditi- pany,for every annuity ftpart of the faid annuities computed to amount ontuponwhich ;n the whole to fix hundred fixty fix tboufand eight hundred twenty arc	**** Pwuds eight Jhtilings and three pence halfpenny per annum, or.

thofe feveral thereabouts) fo to be taken in by them, may, in lieu thereof, bavem annuities. addition made to their capital fiock pfter the rate of twenty years purchafic and fuch refpe&ive additions (its refpeft thereof) to their, pxefent antmity or yearly fund.\ ficured to be paid for fuch time, and tut of fuch duties and revenues as are herein after prefirihed and appointed, until the redemption thereof according to the tenor and tru meaning of this prefent aft. And the faid governor and company are tcfilling, at fuch time or times as they Jhall fee convenient, before the faid firfi day of March one tboufand fiven hundred and twenty one, to take in, either.by pur chafe or fubfiriptums, all or any of the above-mentioned lottery- annuities in this aft computed to amount to forty fix tboufand two hundred and fixty pounds fix /hillings and ant penny per annum, or thereabouts, for the term of twenty three years, reckoned from Michaelmas one tboufand feven hundred and nineteen, and the pay-tickets for the fame, from tberefpeftive proprietors there*, of, at fitcl) price or prices as JhaU be agreed between (he faid company and the rejpeftive proprietors of thofe annuities. And where any of the •• ' lottery-annuities Jo 'payable during the faid term of twenty throe years, or the pay-tickets for the fame, do or JbaU belong to fever* ptrfons or corporations, who will voluntarily agree together to deport with all the pay*tickets for any fuch annuity for the faid term of twenty three years, the faid governor and company, in all and every fiich caje and cafes, are willing, at fuch time or times as they fiuti fie convenient, before the faidfir ft day of MgJ’c h one tboufand feven buth l*'' ‘ drtd and twenty one, to take in the fame, either by purebafe or fab* firiptions, at fuch price or prices as Jhall be agreed between the find company and thofe proprietors: provided the find governor and company, for every fuch lottery-annuity fo to be taken in, tnay have an addition made to their capital fiock after the rate of fourteen, yean pWibeftt and fuck refpfft'm. additions to their prefent annuity, a*

Digitized by L^ooQle

if*9*T	% 'Annofeito GEoRCrr I.	c14*

yearly fiendfttxred to be paid for fitch time, and out offuth Suites and revenues as are herein after prefcribed and appointed in that behalf until the redemption thereof according to the tenor arid true meaning of this prejent off* And the faid governor and company are ajfo willing, at fitch time or times as they JhaU fee convenient, be-* fare the find firfi day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one, to take in,, either by purchafe or fiubfcriptions, all or any the above-mentioned annuities (before in this aft computed to amount to eighty one tboufand pounds per annum, or thereabouts) for the faid term of twenty two years and three quarters of a year, reckoned front Ctuifimas one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, or for the remainder of that term which Jhall be to come and unexpired at the quarter-day next preceding the taking in the fame from the refpeftive proprietors thereof without any compulfion on any fitch proprietors, at fiuch price or prices as JhaU be agreed between the Jasd company and the refpeftive proprietors of thofe annuities. And where any of the annuities Jb payable during the faid term of twenty two years and three quarters of a year, or fuck remainder thereof \ do or Jhall belong to Jeveral perfons or corporations having particular efiates or itfterefh therein who, will voluntarily agree together to depart with fuch their particular efiates or interejls, fo that fuch annuity or annuities may tfftftually be taken in for the faid whole time or term of twenty two years and three quarters of a year, or Jiub remainder thereof the faid governor and company in all and every fuch cafe and cafes are witling, at fuch time or times as they JhaU fee convenient, before the faid firfi day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one, to take in the fame, either by purchafe or voluntary fiubfcriptions, at fuch price or prices as flail be agreed between the faid company and thoji proprietors: provided the faid governor and company, for every fiuch annuity fo to be taken in, may have an addition made to their capital flock after the like rate of fourteen years purchafe, and fuch rejpcft-we additions, in refpeft thereof to their prefetit annuity or yearly fond, fecured to be paid for fuch time and out of fuch duties and revenues as are herein after prefcribed and appointed in that bchalfi until the redemption thereof according to the tenor and true meaning of this prtfent aft. And the faid governor and company are Ukewife willing, at fuch time or times as they Jhall fee convenient* before the firfi day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty One {but fubjeft to fuch notices for redemption as are herein after mentioned) to take in all and every the faid redeemable debts and annuities {the principal fums whereof are in this aft before computed to amount to Jixiten millions five hundredforty fix thoufandfour hundred eighty two pounds feven /billings and one penny farthing, or thereabouts) either by purchafes, taking fubfcriptions, on faying them off by the faid governor and company: provided the faid governor and company may have an addition of one hundred pounds to their prefect capital flock for every one hundred pounds of the principal monies fa token m by them, and propertionably for greater or bjjir fiutns, and * fie Os Jiub additions be made to the prefent annuity or yearly fiend if the faid governor and company as Jhall be equal to the rates new foyMe fer the principal fums of thofe redeemable debts*and anmd£	.

a	tits

Digitized by

Google

z'

*4*	Anno	fcito	Gfc0RGrtl.-c.4S*	£17*5/

fier which/ball btfo taken in, «»/;/ the redemption thereofaccording to this off. And the [aid governor and company ^ for the liberty of increafing their capital /lock and their annuity or yearly fund by fuch means as aforefaidy have defired and confented, That their prefent annuities or yearly funds for their prefent capital flock\ and the annuities or yearly funds for their capital flocks, {to be increafed pur-Juant to this aft) be continued at the refpefiive rates herein after mentioned, till the feafl of the nativity of Saint John Baptift vabith Ihall be in the year ofour Lord one thoufond feven hundred and twenuy-feven ineh/flvely; and that from and after the fame feafl-day their then annuity or yearly fund for their whole capital and increafed capital flocks may be a dually reduced tofour pounds per centum per annum, and be tikewife from thenceforth redeemable by parliament; and in eonfideration thereof and of fuch other benefits and advantages as art hereafter in and by this aft provided and exprejfed> the faid governor and company are willing to make fuch payments into the receipt of exchequer as are herein after fpecifiea, for the ufe of the publitf to be applied for paying off the publick debts and incumbrances incurred before Chriftmas one thoufand feven hundred and fixtets. Now we your Majefty*s molt dutiful and loyal fiibjedts, the Commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, being defi-rous to have, the faid publick debts and incumbrances Mfbacd as faft as conveniently may be, with regard to juftice and the publick faith, and that as well fuch publick duties, revenues and incomes as are already fettled for anfwering the prefent annuity or yearly fund of the faid governor and company, as aMb fuch other publick duties, revenues and incomes as are fpeezlied in this aA, may be fettled in fuch manner, that the prefent annuities or yearly funds for the prefent capital of the faid governor and company, and the annuities or yearly funds which (hall become due and payable for their capital to be increafed, purfuant to this aA, may be continued at the refpeAive rates herein after mentioned, till the faid feaft of the nativity of Sant John Baptift which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty feven inclufive *, and that from and after the fame feaft day their then annuity or vtitty fand for their whole capital and increafed capital may lie adhiafly reduced to four pounds per centum per antrum, and likewifo hie thenceforth redeemable by parliament according to the purport and true meaning of this aA, have, for that end and purport^ given and granted, and do by this prefent aft give and grunt to your Majefty, your heirs ana fucceflors, fuch rates, duties^ revenues and incomes as are herein after mentioned; and do humbly befeech your Majefty, That it may be enaAed j and be it enaAed by tne King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-The duties of thority of the feme. That fuch or the likfe particular rates afcd exdfe and on duties of excifc upon beer, ale, cyder and other liquofs,' as by c" the faid aA of the eighth year of the reign of Queen Amte were I Ann. c* 7, granted for the term of thirty two years, which commenced

from

Digitized by Google

19;] Anpo^ctto^Eoitoii 1. c*4; ■	143-

from the of the annunciation of the blcfied Virgin Mary^ one thoufand (even hundred and ten; and fuch new rates or cities upon pepper, raifins, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace and (huff, as by the lame ad were granted for the term of thirty, two years, which commenced from the fixth day of February one thouiand feven hundred and nine, (hall feverally,, by virtue of this ad, have continuance after the refpedive determinations of the fever a] terms of thirty two years laft mentioned, and be paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors for ever : and that the above-mentioned yearly fund And the or fum of thirty five thoufand pounds ter annum, which by the 35,0001. per fiud letters patents of her (aid late majefty Queen Annty ground- JnniJfI?ntc<^ ed upon the faid ad of parliament in that behalf, was made	^

payable at the exchequer during the term of thirty two years, ten patents/ which commenced from Michaelmas one thouiand feven bun- made per-dred and thirteen, out of revenues in the lame letters patents petual. e^preffed, (hall, after the determination of the term of thirty tyro years laft mentioned, have continuance, and the (aid reve-* x\ues (hall be charged therewith for ever: and that fuch or the like additional or new duties and rates for and upon all foap, The duty on and for and upon all paper, pafte-boards, mill-boards and fcale- foap, paper, boards, and for and upon certain chequered and ftriped likens, &c* and upon certain linens printed, painted, ftained or dyed after **CAn“•ftat# the manufacture, or in the thread or yarn before the manu- *' ’9% fadure in any foreign parts, and for ana upon lilks, callicoes, linens and (tuffs printed, ftained, painted or dyed in Great Bri-tqin% and for and upon all (larch, and for and upon coals (hipped to be exported, and for and upon feveral matters and things which fhould be engrofled or written on ftampt vellom, parchment and paper, which in or by the faid two ads, the one of the twelfth year of her faid late Majefty’s reign, and the o- f f ^ tber of the fim year of his now Majefty’s reign, or by one of I# ^ ^ thofe ads, were granted and laid for a term or feveral terms of thirty two years, which commenced from the fecond day of Augufl. one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen (except as in the fame ads or either of them is excepted) (hall feverally, by virtue of this ad, have continuance after the determination of the term and terms of thirty two years laft mentioned, and be paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors for ever: and that fuch and the like particular rates and impo-Amitfce fitions, which in and by one of the faid ads of the fifth year of duties on his prefent Majefty’s reign were granted or impofed for andcoaU,&c« Upon all forts of coals and culm which ftiould be imported and $	>•c* f*

brought into the port of the city of London or the river of Thames Within the liberty of the (aid city upon the fame river, from and ^ after the twenty feventh day of September one thoufand feven hundred and twenty five, and before the feaft of the annunciation of the blcfled Virgin Mars which (hall be in the vear of -QurLord one thouiand (even nundred and fifty one, (nail by virtue of this ad be continued and be paid and payable to his.

Jdzjc&jt bis hors, and fucceflbrs for ever, for and upon all fortsj

Digitized by LjOOqIc

Thcfc duties bow to be raifed.

Anno fe*to	1. <?. 4*

of coal* and eukn which (hall be imported and bfonght at *9tf time or times after the twenty fourth day of Jftarcb‘ wftkfiF AaH be in the year of our Lord one thoufend (even htindretf and fifty.

II.	And it is hereby enafted, That the ftveraf ftftdb, duties, revenues and impofitions by this aft made perpetual, as' afhrfc-faid, as well before, as when and as the fame rfcfpeftivcfy fhaf take effeft by virtue of this aft, (hall be railed and levied hy feeh nrfes, means and methods, and under fach penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch diftributions of the feme penalties and forfeitures, and fubjeft to fuch power of mitigation, and with fuch reipefttve* drawbacks, allowances and repayments, and with fuch exceptions* and in foeh manner amt form, as the like rates, duties, revenues or impofitions, granted or continued by the faid former afts now in being rel^pefthrcly, are preferibed, enacted, or appointed to be raifed or levied.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the auth*» ‘ ritjr aforefaid, That in all cafes where any further or other pfo-vmon or alteration is made by any other aft or afts of paurfix-raent now in force, touching or concerning any the rates, duties, revenues and impofitions which were granted for certain terms, as aforefaid, fuch other provifions and alterations (hall be obferved and take place, in relation to the like rates, duties, revenues and impofitions by this aft intended to be made perpetual.

IV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Thataffl

uc.c	the monies to arife by the (aid rates, duties, revenues tfncf im-

tobc brought pofitions by this aft made perpetual, as aforefaid, as welPbe* into the ex- fore, as when and as the fame refpeftively (after the expirations chequer.	cf therefpeftive terms formerly granted, as aforefaid) (hall take

. : •	eflfcft by virtue of this prefent aft (the neceffary charges'of

railing the fame excepted) (hall from time to time be brought into the receipt of exchequer, to the intent and purpofe that the laid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and for* encouraging the fiftiery, and their fuccefTors, may otit Of the fame be fecured the payment of fuch refpeftive annuities* dr (bins as (hall or may become due or payable to them in purfu-' ance of this aft, until the redemption thereof: neVfcrthelefa th# Subjefttore- ftid rates, duties, revenues and impofitions hereby made perpe-*	and fach annuities or fums as (hall or may become due

or^payable out of the fame to the faid governor and comjl&ny, and tneir fucceflors, (hall be fubjeft to redemption by paHia-merit, according to the provifo or condition of redemption hereafter in this aft contained in that behalf; any thing inthtsaCF contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And to the end it may be known and afeertained what annuities (hall be taken in, and what debts (for which intereft U now payable) (hall be paid off by or at the charge of thfe cor-* potation of the faid governor and company, "at any titne or times before the re(j?cftive times in and bythhr aft linkedft*

Alterations in other afts concerning the duties to take place.

The monies to arife bjr thefe duties

demptson.

Digitized by t^ooQle

145

171$.]	Anno facto Georgii L c. 4:

that behalf; and what additions in refped thereof are to be made* as well to the prefent capital ftock of the fame corporation; and how far their own prefent annuity or yearly fund is to bd increafed in proportion to fuch additional (lock or docks, till the redemption thereof, and alfo how much is to be paid by them into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, for the ufe of the publick, after the rate of four years and a halfs purchafe, upon fuch and fo many of the faid annuities payable during the refpe&ive remainders of the faid certain terms of ninety fix years, eighty nine years, ninety nine years, and thirty two* years, which (hall be taken in, as aforefaid, at any time or times before the firft day of Match one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one, and how much is to be paid by them into the receipt of the exchequer, for the ufe of the publick, after tho rate of one year’s purchafe upon fuch or fo many of the (aid annuities fo payable, during the refpedtive remainders of the faid certain terms of ninety fix years, eighty nine years, and ninety nine years, as (hall not be taken in before the faid firft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one (over and above the certain fum of four millions one hundred fifty fix, thoufand three hundred and fix pounds four (hillings and e-leven pence, to be paid by them for the ufe of the publick, for the liberty of increafing their capital (lock and anhual fund, by taking in the redeemable debts and annuities, as is herein after mentioned) and that it may alfo plainly appear what new allowance is to be made to the faid corporation for charges of management, when the fame (hall be reduced to a certainty, according to the tenor and true meaning of this prefent adt: be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall Comraif-and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of the treafury, fioncr^of the or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurer of trea.£iryto Great Britain for the time being, and they refpedtively are here-	^

by authorized and required, by one or more writing or writings diredton. under their refpedtive hands, to conftitute and appoint fuch able and fit perfons, or fuch diftindt numbers of able and fit perfons, and fuch or fo many of them refpedtively, as the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the faid high treafurer for the time being (hall, from time to time, think fit to be managers and diredtors for doing and performing, and caufing to be done and performed fuch matters and things as are by this adt appointed or authorized by fuch managers and diredtors, or by their order to be done and performed.

VI.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That fuch managers and diredtors fo to be conftituted, or fuch or fo many M*na£*J* of them, as aforefaid, (hall according to fuch diredtions as they re^or# (hall receive in writing from the faid commiffioners of the trea- j^ks^with fury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for proper co-the time being, prepare or caufc to be prepared one or more fumn», viz, book or books, wherein (hall be entred, under prpper titles or prefaces, and in proper columns,' the particulars following ;

Vo*. XIV,	L	(that

Digitized by

Google

H6

One for tak-ing in the annuities of 96, *9. and 99 yca«r

Anno fexto Georgii t c. 4*	£171^#

(that is ter.fay) There (hall be entred in fuch book or books the name or names of fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, then intitled to the faid annuities, payable for the refpe&ive remainders of the faid long terms of ninety fix years, eighty nine years, and ninety nine years, which (hall be actually taken in by virtue of this a<5t; and alfo the names of fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, then intitled to particular eftates or inflerefts in fuch annuities, who (hall be willing to depart with the fame, and whi-h (hall be actually taken in, as aforefaid, fo that the faid governor and company may lawfully take in thofe annuities, or any of them, during the whole remainders of thofe long terms relpe&ively; and there fhall be entred in the fame book or books, every annuity lb payable for the refpe&ive remainder of the faid feveral terms of ubiety fix years, eighty nine years, and ninety nine years, which (hall be actually taken in, as aforefaid (all which annuities, if the whole (hould be purchafed, are in this a<5t before computed to amount to fix hundred fixty fix thoufand eight hundred twenty one pounds eight (hillings and three pence halfpenny permnum^ or thereabouts;) and the particular duties, revenues, funds, or other provifions whereupon every fuch annuity was charged, or by or out of which the fame was to be paid ; and there (hall alto be entred in the fame book or books fuch price or prices as (hall be agreed upon between the corporation of the faid governor and company, or fuch agent or agents as the lame corporation, under their common feal, (hall intruft and impower on their behalf, of the one part, and the faid refpc&ive proprietors, or fuch as (hall be lawfully Empowered or entrufted on their behalf, on the other part, for every fuch annuity, fo to be payable during the refpe&ive remainders then to come and un-expired of the faid long terms of ninety fix years, eighty nine years, and ninety nine years; which price or prices are to be anfwered by the (aid corporation of the faid governor and company, either in ready money, or otherwife, to the fatisfa&ion of the faid refpe&ive proprietors, or thofe intruded by or for them, at or upon their fubferibing or writing to or againft the Tefpcc-tive entries relating to them in the faid book or books ; and tiiere (hall likewife be entred in the fame book or books, the additions which are to be made to the prefect capital dock of the faid governor and company, after the faid rate of twenty years purchafe, for taking in the faid refiduary long terms as a-fbrefaid: and moreover, in the fame book or books there (hall be entred and fet down the additions which are to be made to the prefent annuity or yearly fund of the faid governor and company in refpedt of luch their new additional capital (lock* \yhich new additions to their annuity or yearly fund are to cooa-xnfcice from the quarterly feafl: day laft preceding fuch taking in by purchafe or lubfcription, and to be payable after the rate of five pound's per centum per annum, until the four and twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven jaclufively; and afterwards at the faid rate of four pounds per 6	*	untsm

Digitized by

Google

1719.3	An	hoforto GfeoRGil I.	C.4.	147

etntunt per annum, until redemption by parliament, according to the purport and true meaning of this a<$t.

VII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the Other books faid managers and directors fo to be conftituted, or fuch or fo many of them, as aforefaid, (hall according to fuch dire&ions the annuities as they (hall receive in writing from the faid commiflioners of payable olit of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high trea- tLe vearly furer for the time being, prepare or caufe to be prepared one or more other book or books, wherein (hall be entred, under pro- 9 per titles or prefaces, and in proper columns, the particulars fol* lowing; (that is to fay) there (hall be entred in the book or books lad mentioned, the name or names of fuch perfon or per-fons, bodies politick or corporate, then intitled to any of the laid annuities, payable out of the faid yearly fund of eighty one thoufand pounds, for twenty two years and three quarters of a year, reckoned from Chrljimai one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, or for the remainder of that term which (haH be to come and unexpired at the quarter day preceding the taking in the fame (being the remainder of one of the term9 of thirty two years above mentioned) or to particular eftates or intered therein, who (hall be willing to depart with, and fhall fubferibe the fame, fo that the faid governor and company may effectually take in thofc annuities, or any of them, for the faid whole term of twenty two years and three quarters of a year, or the faid remainder thereof; and there (hall be entred in the book or books lad mentioned, every annuity fo payable for the faid remaining term of twenty two years and three quarters of a year, or the faid remainder thereof, which ftfall be taken in, as aforefaid, and the particular duties, revenues, funds, or other provifions, whereupon every fuch annuity was charged, or by or out of which the fame was to be paid; and there (hall alfo be entred in the fame book or books, fuch price or prices as (hall be a -greed upon between the corporation of the faid governor and company, or fuch agent or agents as the fame corporation, un-'der their common feal, (hall intruft and impower in this behalf, on the one part, and the fame refpe&ive proprietors, or fuch as lhall be lawfully impowered or intruded on their behalf, on the other part, for every fuch annuity' fo to be payable during the faid remaining term of twenty two years and three quarters of z year, or the faid remainder thereof; which price or prices are aito to be anfwered by the faid corporation of the faid governor' aid company, either in ready money, or otherwife, to the fatis-feCfion of the refpeCHve proprietors, or thofe intruded by or for them, at or upon their fubferibing to the refpe&ive entries relating to rhem in the book or books lad mentioned; and there Ibair likewife be entred in the fame book or books, the additions which are to be made to the prefent capital dock of the faid governor and company, after the faid rate of fourteen years pur-chafe, for taking in the faid annuities for the faid remaining; term of twenty two years and three quarters of a year, or the find remainder thereof, as aforefaid; and moreover, in the fame 1	.	La	book

Other books with columns for the annuities on imfub-fcribed lottery-tickets of 1710.

Anno fexto Gborgii 1. 0.4*

book or books there (ball be entred the new additions whiph

are to be made to the prefent annuity or yearly fund of the (aid governor and company, in refpe& of fuch their new additional capital (lock; which new additions to their annuity or yearly fund are to commence from the quarterly feaft-day preceding the taking in the fame, and to be payable after the faid rate of five pounds per centum per annum* until the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty (even in-clufively; and afterwards at the faid rate of four pounds per centum per annumy until redemption by parliament, according to the purport and true meaning of this a<5t,

VIII.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid managers and dire&ors fo to be conftituted, or fuch or fo many of them, as aforefaid, (hall according to fuch directions as they (hall receive in writing from the faid commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high trea-furer for the time being, prepare or caufe to be prepared one or more other book or books, wherein (hall be entred, under proper titles or prefaces, and in proper columns, the particulars following; (that is to fay) there (hall be entred in the book or books lad mentioned, the name or names of fuch perfoo or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, then intitled to any of the (aid annuities, pa) able upon unfubferibed lottery-tickets of tbe faid year one thoufend feven hundred and ten, out of the faid, remainder of the faid yearly fund of one hundred thirty five thoufand pounds, for twenty three years, computed from Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen (being the remainder of the above mentioned term of thirty two years, relating to the faid lottery annuities) or to particular eftates or interefts therein, who (hall be willing to depart with* and (hall fubferibe the fame, fo that the faid governor and company may cfFe&ually take in thofe lottery annuities, or any of them, for the faid whole term of twenty three years; and there (hall be entred in the book or books Iaft mentioned, every annuity fo payable by lottery-tickets for the faid remaining term of twenty, three years, which (hall be taken in, as aforefaid, and the par-, tlcular duties, revenues, funds, or other provisions, whereupon, every fuch lottery annuity was charged, or by or out.of which the fame was to be paid; and there (hall be alfo entred in the fame book or books, fuch price or prices as (hall be agreed up-, on between the corporation of the faid governor and company, or their agent or agents, on their behalf, on the one pan, and the fame refpedtive proprietors, or fuch as (hall be lawfully im-powered or intruded on their behalf, on the other part. For e-( very fuch annuity fo to be payable by lottery tickets during the faid remaining term of twenty three years; which price or prices fhall alfo be anfwered by the faid corporation of the faid governor and company, either in ready money or othei^ife, to the fatisfa&ion of the refpe&ive proprietors, or thofe intruded by or for them, at or upon their fubferibing to the refpeftive entries relating fo them m th.e J>opk or bpoks hfl mentioned > and

Digitized by

Google

t49

iyip-J Anno fcxto GfioftGii 1. c. 47

there (hal! Hkewife be entred in the fame book or books the additions which are to be made to the prefent capita! (lock of the faid governor and company, after the faid rate of fourteen years purchafe, for taking in the faid lottery annuities for the laid remaining term of twenty three years, as aforefaid: and moreover, in the fame book or books there (hall be entred the new additions which are to be made to the prefent annuity or yearly fund of the faid governor and company in refpeCt of luch their new additional capital ftock; which new additions to their annuity or yearly fund, are to commence from Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, and to be payable after the' laid rate of five pounds per centum per annum> until the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven inclufivety, and afterwards at the faid rate of four pounds prr centum per annum, until redemption by parliament, according to the purport and true meaning of this aCt.

IX.	And whereas the above-mentioned principal fums, new carry- • ing intereji after the faid rate of five pounds per centum per annum, do by computation amount to one million fifty five thoufand nine hundred and ninety pounds, or thereabouts, as aforefaid; and the above-mentioned principal fums for which annuities are now pay-	•

able after the like rate of five pounds per centum per annum, do by computation amount to ten millions feven hundred twenty three thoufand fix hundred and feventy pounds eleven /hillings and three pence three farthings, or thereabouts; in all to eleven millions feven hundred feventy nine thoufand fix hundred and fixty pounds eleven /hillings and three pence three farthings, or thereabouts, part of the a-bove-meniioned principal Jums% computed to amount to fixteeti millions five hundred forty fix thoufand four hundred eighty two pounds feven /billings and one penny farthings or thereabouts-> which the faid governor 'and company have undertaken to pay off at the rate of one hundred pounds per centum, on or before the faidfir/l day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one: it is therefore hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid mana-gers and directors fo to be conftituted, as aforefaid, (hall ac- books with cording to fuch directions as they (hall receive in writing from columns, for the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of string the them, or the high treafurer for the time being, prepare or caufe J^o&b th* to be prepared one or more other book or books, wherein (hall $£J,th-s«a * be entredf under proper titles or prefaces, and in proper co- company to iumns, every principal fum which (hall have been actually paid the proprit. off by the faid governor and company in ready money, or other- tor.s 0.ftIje wife, to the refpeCtive proprietors ot the faid principal fums fo fum, at*-1. computed to amount to eleven millions feven hundred feventy pCr ccnt. * nine thotifand fix hundred and lixty pounds eleven (hillings and three pence three farthings, or thereabouts, after the faid rate of one hundred pounds per centum9 and proportionably for greater or lefler fums; and the refpeCtive days and times when every foch payment (hall have been made, and the names of the refpeCtive proprietors who (hall have received the fame, the particular duties, revenues, funds or provifiou; for which the

b 3	faid

is*

nd other >oks for itring the ms paid off the pro-ietors of e principal m? of 41. ir centum.

Anno-ierto Georgii I. c. 4* \	[%	719^

(aid btereft monies or annuities after the M& rateoffive poumls per centum fir annum were charged, or by or out of which the lame were refpc&ively payable; and there (hall be alfo entred in the fame book or books the new additions which are to be made to the prefent capital ftock of the faid governor and com-. panv, after the rate of one hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds fo paid off by them, and the new additions whieh are to be made to the prefent annuity or yearly fund of the fmi governor and company, m refpeft of the fame new additional ftock or ftocks; which additions to their prefent annuity or yearly fund are to commence from the quarterly fcaft-day, or half-yearly feaft-day on which thole annuities or mtereft-momot me now payable, and lift preceding the time of taking in (uchaW-nuities and debts refpeftively; and are to be alfo payable after the faid rate of live pounds per centum per annum9 until the had twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven inclufively, and afterwards at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum* until redemption by parhainem, according to the purport and true meaning of this aft. '

X.	And ivhereas the above-mentioned principal fums y now carry* ing interejl after the faid rate of four pounds per centum per annum, do by computation amount to one million feven hundred fifteen thoufand three hundred and twenty pounds, or thereabouts, as ofen-faid i and the principal fums for which annuities are now paydk after the like rate of four pounds per centum per annum, do by computation amount to three millions fifty one thoufand five hundred and one pounds fifteen /hillings and nine pence halfpenny, or thereabouts ; in ally to four millions feven hundred Jixty fix thoufimd eight hundred twenty one pounds fifteen /hillings and nine pence halfpenny* Or thereabouts, being other part of the apovementioned principal fims computed to amount to fixteen millions five hundred forty fix thou-fond four hundred eighty two pounds feven /hillings and me penny farthing, or thereabouts ; which the faid governor and company have undertaken to pay off at the like rate of one hundred pounds per centum, on or before the faid firfl day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one: it is therefore hereby further ena^fed by the authority aforefrid, that the faid managers and dire&ors (o to t>e conftituted, as aforefaid, (hall according to fuch dire&ioos ay they (hall receive in writing from the faid covnmifikmers of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treaforer for the time being, prepare or caufe to be prepared one or mom other book or books, wherein (hall be entred, under proper titles or prefaces, and in proper columns, every prmtfipal fum which (hall have been a<ftuaHypaid off by the faid governor and company in ready money, or otherwife, to the rcfpe&ive proprietors of the faid principal fums fo computed to amount to four millions feven hundred fixty fix thoufand eight hundred twenty one pounds fifteen (hillings and nine pence halfpenny, or thereabouts, after the faid rate of one hundred pounds for every hundred pounds fo paid off by them, and proportionally for greater or Jeflfer fums; and th? refpc&ve days and rimes

Digitized by Google

17*9-1

Anno fexto Georgii I. c. 4.



when every Inch payment (hall have been made, and the names -of the refpeAive proprietors who (hall have received the lame,

*rkh the particular duties, revenues, funds or proyifions, for •which the faid intereft monies or annuities after the faid rate of four pounds per centum per annum were charged or by or out of which the fame were refpedlivcly payable $ and there (hall alio beentred in the fame book or books, the new additions which ■are to be made to the prefent capital (lock of the faid governor and company, after the faid rate of one hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds (o paid off by them, and the new additions which are to be made to the prefent annuity or yearly fund of the faid governor and company, in reipedt of the fame new additional (took or (locks; which additions to their •prefent annuity or yearly fond are to commence from the quarterly feaft-day, or half-yearly feaft-day on which thofe annuities or mtereft-monies are now payable, and lad preceding the time of taking in fuch annuities and debts refpedlively; and to be al-fo payable at the like rate of four pounds per centum per annum,

'until the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand (even hundred and twenty feven inclufively; and afterwards at the Kke rate of four pounds per centum per annum, until redemption by parliament, according to the purport and true meaning of * this ad.

XI- And whereas the faid governor and company may come to an And other agreement with feme or all of the proprietors of the above-mentioned book* for principal fums now carrying interejl at the faid refpeCUve rates ^/rcn?ni?Sthc five pounds and four pounds per centum per annum, before fatis- ^™ci^ich faction of thofe principal fums rejpeftrvely, or with thofe who are or by fubferip-Jball be tntrujlei by or for them, or fome of them, and with feme or all tion (in

ors of the above-mentioned principal fums for which re- m?ncy lt*

hties are now payable after the faid refpeClive rates oTall^bc paid five pound* and four pounds per centum per annum, or with thofe 0ffin part of who are or Jball be intruded by or for them* or fome of them fall the redeem-which principal firms are in this ad computed tp amount in the whole ablc f^^ to fixteen millions five hundred forty fix thoufand four hundred eighty two pounds feven jbillings ana one penny farthings or thereabouts9 as aferefaid) in purjvance of which agreement syfuch proprietors, or fome of tbem% or thofe intrujled by themy may be willing and dehrousy at fame time or times before the faidfirjl day of March one thoufandfeven hundred and twenty okey to accept their payment andfatis faction of and for fitch their principal films in money, at the faid rate of one hundred pounds per centum, or by flock at fuch price or prices as jhall be a-greed upon between them and the faid governor and company, and accordingly to fubferibe the fame in the book or books before-mentioned, or in Jeveral books to be prepared for that purpofey although fuch notice or notices as are required by any law or laws new in forcey be or he not given for the payment of the faid principal fiums9 or any of them, and without infijling upon any time or times allowed by lawy after the giving fuch notice or notices: it is therefore provided and further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid managers and directors to be conflituted and appointed in purfuance

h 4 <

of

Digitized by

Google

*5*	. Anno fcxto Georou I. 0^4.	f 1719*

of this ad, or fuch or lb many of them, as afordaid, according to fuch directions as they (hail, from time to time, receive in writing from the faid commidioners of the treafury, or assy three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, if thereto requefted by the court of directors of the laid governor and company for the time being* and fuch request be Signified in writing under the hands of any feventeen, or move of them, or under the common feal of the faid company, «nd not other wife, (hall prepare or caufe to be prepared one or more father book or books, or feveral other books, wherein fhall be entred, under proper titles or prefaces, and in proper columns, all and every the principal fums which (hall be fo paid off fay the faid governor and company in ready money, at the faid rate of one hundred pounds per centum, or by fuch dock as (hall be accepted in lieu thereof, by or in pursuance of fuch fubfcrip-tions, and the names of the refpe&ive proprietors who thail be fo paid or fatisfied, and the particular duties, revenues, f^mdaor other provilions on which the principal monies lad mentioned, or the faid redeemable intered or annuities payable in refped of the fame were charged, or by or out of which the lame were ro-fpeClively payable, and the new additions which are to be made to the prefent capital (lock of the faid governor and company in refpedl thereof, at the faid rate of one hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds principal money fo taken in by fuch fob-feriptions, and the new additions which are to be made to thp prefent annuity or yearly fund of the faid governor and com* pany, in refpeft of fuch their new additional dock or flocks; which additions to their prefent annuity or yearly fund, (hall be after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for fo much of fuch their new capital dock as they are to have for paying off fuch of the faid principal fums which carry intered or annuities after the (aid rate of five pounds per centum per annual said (hall be after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, for (b much of fuch their new capital dock as they are to have for paying off fuch of the faid principal fums as carry intered or annuities after the faid rate of four pounds per centumperanumnfi and the fame refpe&ive additions* to their potent annuity pr yearly fund of the faid governor and company, at the refpe&ive rates lad mentioned, (hall commence from the quarterly feaft-tJay or half-yearly fead-day, on Which thofe annuities or in-tered-monics are now payable, and lad preceded the time of taking in fuch annuities aqd debts rcfpe&ively, and fliall continue until the faid twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and twenty feyen inclufively; and afterwards at the faid rate pf foujr pounds per centum per annum, until redemption by parliament, ^cording to the purport and true meaning of this a&.

Thefe books XII. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the to be opened faid managers and diredtors to be conditutcd in purfuance of by the ma- this adl, (hall from time to time, and at fuch times as the court of directors pf foe faid governor aqd cpmpany for foe mpe

Anno fcxtoGioRGit I.c. 4*	153

being (hall appoint, open all and every or any of the books foSouth-Sea to be prepared, as aforefaid, at the publick office of the faid go-vcroor and company, or at fome other convenient pnblick place pu^ick no-to be appointed by the (aid court of dire&ors, whereof notice tice.

(hall, from time to time, be given in writing to be affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, and (hall alfo be inferted in the London Gazette, and that fuch books (hall lie open for fuch time and times refpe&ively as the faid court of diredtors (hall, from time to time, judge necefiary.

XIII.	And for avoiding all difputes and controverfies con- Claofe to peraing the property of any the principal funas by this a*^c5^i^who intended to be purchafed or paid off, or any the annuities of ^a[hc pro!"1-intereft-raonies payable for the fame: be it further enadled and prictorsof declared by the authority aforefaid, that every perfon and cor- the annuities poration, by or for whom there (hall be produced to the faid on the unfub-managers and directors, or fuch of them as aforefaid, during ??io the time and times the faid book or books relating to thofe * 7 tickets (hall lie open, fo many, of the faid unfubferibed pay-tickets belonging to the faid lottery of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ten, as would (in cafe they be not taken in by this a St) warrant the payment of any the faid annuities payable thereupon, for the faid whole term of twenty-three years,, out of the*yearly fum of forty fix thoufand two hundred and iixty pounds fix (hillings and one penny above-mentioned, (hall be deemed the true and lawful owner of every fuch lottery-annuity refpedrively $ and that every perfon and corporation, by tor for whom there (hall be produced to the faid managers and directors, or fuch of them, as aforefaid, (during the time or limes the bid book or books relating to the fortunate tickets drawn in the lottery preferibed by the faid adt of the fifth year of his Majefty’s reign (hall lie open) any of thofe tickets by which the fortunate adventurers Cm cafe fuch tickets be not taken in by this ad) would be intitled to annuities, after the rate of four

pounds per centum per annum, out of the yearly fund of twenty thoufand pounds therein mentioned, and be payable by the partner of the bank of England, for the time being, redeemable nevertbelefs by parliament, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be the true and lawful proprietors of the fame annuities refpedive-Jy: provided fuch fortunate tickets ib produced (hall have been nrft chequed, proved and attefted by the managers appointed or to be appointed by the commifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury for that purpofe, or fome or one of them ; and that every per- or on the lotion and corporation, by or for whom there (hall be produced to tcrie* of 5 foe laid managers and directors, or fuch of them, as aforefaid GcQ# ,,c*9’ f during the time or times the faid book or books relating to the fortunate tickets drawn in another lottery, and by another aft of the fifth year of his Majefty’s reign, (hall lie open) any of .foofe tickets as would (in cafe they be not taken in by this a<ft) intitle the fortunate adventurers to feveral principal fums, a-moundng in the whole to five hundred thoufand pounds, with CjfipeitSt for foe fs*me, till the principal (hail be finished oqt of ?

'	fund

Digitized by

Google

154	Anno	fexto Georgii L c.4.	[171g*

fund of thirty thoufand five hundred and fifty nine pounds fourteen (hillings per annum, mentioned in that ad, (hall be deemed and adjudged the true and lawful proprietors of thefaid principal fums, and the intereft attending the fame refpedivdy; provided fuch fortunate tickets fo produced (hall have been firft chequed, proved and attefted by the managers already appointed or to be appointed for that purpofe, or feme or one of them. Who (hall be	XIV. And whereas the above mentioned annuities payable during

deemed the the feveral remainders yet to come and unexpired of the above men* proprietors of tioned terms of ninety fix years, eighty nine years and ninety nine years, y-T-S, or during fuch particular eftates and interefis as will make up the fad 99 ye*rs, 6cc. whole remainders of the fame terms reflectively, and the faid annuities payable after the faid rate of nine pounds per centum during the remainder of the fata term of thirty two years therein granted, and the principal money remaning unfatisfied upon her late Majeftfs letters patents above mentioned, and the intereft thereof and the principal money remaining unfatisfied, as well in refbeQ of the blank tickets ts Ann.ftat.*. as 0j the fortunate tickets, byvirtui of the fatd a8 of the twelfth year i(£eo.i.ftat.i. °f ffa !*** Majefifs reign, and the fend aft of the firfiyear of his Majeflfs reign, are all payable by fonding orders which were made forth and Jfigned by tbt feveral lord treafurers or cornmif'+ Jionets of the treafury for the time being \ which orders, and all of-ftgmnents thereof or any part thereof and of the annuities or debts therein fpetiped, or any of them, or any tart thereof and all devtfes by will concerning the fame, art or odgbt to bo regiflred, entred or notified in books for that purpofe kept in the receipt of bis Majefife exchequer, or in particular offices where the fame annuities or debts refpehively have been or are payable: it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fuch perfens or corporation* refpedively, as by the faid books, regifters or entries {hall appear to be the perfons or corporations entitled to any fuch an-nuities or debts as are laft mentioned, at the time or refpedive rimes when the fame (hall be taken in by fuch purchafe, fubferip-tion or paying oft as aforefaid, purfuant to this ad, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be the true and lawful proprietor* thereof refpedively j and that the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, and each comptroller in thofc particular offices re-fpedively, (hall on or before the thirtieth day of May one thou-fand feven hundred, and twenty tranfmit, or caufe to be tran-fmitted in writing under their refpeftive hands, to the managers *nd diredors to be ponftituted in purfuanceof this ad, or fuch of them as aforefaid, fair fphedules or lifts, expreffing therein every fuch annuity and debt, and the prefent proprietors thereof, and the particular duties, provifions or funds charged therewith, as they (hall appear by the faid books, regifters or entries St the time of tranfmitting fuch fchedules; and Stall afterwards, from time to time, daily certify to the faid managers and directors fo to be conftituted, or fuch of them as aforefaid* all alterations or additions which ought to be made in or to the faid fchedules by any fubfequent alignments, wills or titles which foil be brought to the fold jecript, or other offices reipc&ivriy

u>

Digitized by <^.ooQle

*55

i7»9'1	-Anno	fexta GioROii I. c. 4.

to be entted, after the tranfmttring of the faid fchedules, until the (aid firft day of March one thoufand (even hundred and twenty one.

XV. And whereas the faid annuities> after the rate ef five pounds Who (hall be per centum per annum, amounting to fifty three thoufand nine bun- deemed the dredani fifty	poundsper annum, v	thereabouts,

/aid tjoo alts of the firfi year of hts Mqyefiys reign 5 and the faid an- 0f j l. per cent. entities, after the rate of five pounds per eentum per annum j a- and 41. per r mounting to ftur hundred	fiventyfix thoufimd hundred and fee. cent. &c. or-

venteen pounds /even teen /htitings and' eight pence per annum, or	***•

thereabouts, founded upon the faid ait of the third year of hit	,	GeO.,.0*M#

fly's	reign5 and the faid	annuities, after the rate of four pounds pier c. *.

centum per annum, amounting to one hundred and thoufand l Geo. 1. c. 7. thirty fix founds thirteen failings and two fence per annum, or thereabouts, founded upon the fame aR; and the find annuity or anL mattes, after the rote of five pounds per centum per annum, a-mountmgto five thoufand five hundred and fifteen pounds twelve Jhil-tings per annum, or thereabouts, payable for the fervice of the navy and	vffiuaUing thereof,	by a claufe in the alt for the land tax of the

fifth year of bk Majefly's reign; and the faid annuity of twenty s e. ,, three pounds eight /hillings and three pence farthing per annum,/«ON£-(d on the faid u£t for the relief. of Edward Clent, are all payable by thecafbier of the bank of England for the time being, out if money imprefttd to him at the receipt of the exchequer for that purpofe ; and all the annuities fo payable by the faid cafbier, or /hares in joint fiocb for the fame, are a/fignabie or transferable, in books kept at ■tbepubliek effite of the governor qnd company of the bank of Eng-	•

land, in the manner and form preferibed	of	parlia-	1

went in that behalf, and are devifeableby wills entred or notified in the books there kept for that purpofe: now it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That fuch perfons or corporations .refpedhvely, as by the faid books, regiuers or entries kept in the fifal publick office of the bank of England (hall appear to be •the perfons or corportions entitled to any fuch annuities laft mentioned, at the time or refpeifHve times when the fame (hall be taken in by fuch purchafe, fubferiptions or paying off as a-fartfnd,purmant to this a£t, (hall be deemed and adjudged the true-and lawful proprietors of the fame annuities refpe&ively,

-and of the proportional (hares of dock created for the fame; and fhat the accountant general in the faid publick office of the bank of Eif land now being, or that hereafter (hall be, (hall on or before the thirtieth day of May one thoufand (even hundred and twenty tranfmit, or caufe to be tranfmitted in writing under his hand,* to the managers and directors to be conftituted in pur-	_

(since of this aft, or fuch of -them as aforefaid, fair fcheaules or lifts, expreffing therein every fuch annuity or (hare in (lock for die (ame, and the names and additions of all the refpe&ive proprietors thereof, and the particular duties and provifions or fend* charged therewith, as they (hall appear by the faid books, yegifters or entries, at the time of transmitting fuch fchedules; pad afterwards, from tiqie to time, certify to the f«d

pagers

Digitized by Lie jle

156	AnnoifcKto<5EORonI. c. 4.	[1719.

nagers and directors fo to be conftituted, or luch 'of them as - aforefaid, all alterations or additions which ought to be made in or to the fchedule laft mentioned, by any fubfajuent tranf-fers, wills or titles which (hall be thought to the (aid office of the bank to be entred after tranfmitting the fchedule laft mentioned, until the faid firft day of March one thoufend (even hundred and twenty one,

Nb fee for XVI. And it is hereby enafted, That no fee, gratuity Or re-tranfmittiar ward (hall be demanded or taken of the faid South-Sea company, fehedufa, OT 0f the fajd managers and direftors to be conftituted as afore-uftscr certii- or ^ nffpegiyg proprietors, or any of them, or ofany agents or inftruments to be appointed by them, or any of them as aforefaid, for making or tranfmitting any the faid fchedules, lifts or certificates; and that fuch perfons or corporations refpeftively, as by fuch fchedules, lifts or certificates (hall appear to be the perfons or corporations entitled to any fuch annuities lift mentioned in fuch fchedules, lifts or certificates, (halt be deemed and adjudged to be the true and lawful proprietors of the fame annuities refpeftively, and of the proportionable (hares of (lock created for the fame at the time of tranfmitting the'fitx! fqhedules, lifts and certificates refpeftively.

Managers,be-1 XVII. And for the more eafy and fafe execution of the feve-forc the books ral powers and trufts by this aft repofed in the managers and diroftors to be appointed purfuant thereunto, and foe thepre-the accou»t-° vcnti°n °f frauds* and that the publick may not be liable to a ant general of double payment for or in refpeft of any of the faid annuities the bank of .which are transferable at the bank of England: be it further the tune, enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid managers and directors to be appointed in purfuance of this aft, or any three or more of them, (hall from time to time and at all times, be-, fore any of the faid books relating to the fame annuities (ball be opened by them, give notice in writing under their hands to the faid accountant general in the office of the bank of Eng~ landt of the refpeftive day and days on which fuch refpeftive •jjd after fubfcriptkm-books will be opened; and (hall likewife from time hwkstoccrri-t0 as ^on as conveniently may be, after each and every fy the names * doling of fuch book and books refpeftively, by a lift or fchedule, of the perfons lifts or fchedules, under the hands of the"feme managers Or di-by or tor reftors, or any three or more of them, to be tranfmittedto the ftripdous (hall k‘d accountant general for the time being, certify the names of have been the refpeftive proprietors of and in the fame annuities, and every made, to the or any of them, by or for whom fuch fubferiptions as aforefaid (aid account- (hall have been made in the book or books to be fo opened by ant general, the faid managers or direftors, and of the particular (hares and interefts of and in the fame annuities refpeftively and the ftock attending the fame, which (hall have been fo fubferibed by or for every fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate; upon receipt of which lifts or fchedules from the feme managers and direftors the faid accountant general (hall forthwith and from time to time write off from and debit the accounts of each god every perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, contained

Digitized by L^ooQle

*57

17Anno fe*to GeoEgu I. c. 4.

tained in the lame lifts or fchedules, of or for the refpeflivd paftr or (hares of and in the fame annuities refpedively, and of and in the ftock attending the fame, contained in the fame lifts or fchedules 1 and (hall take care that the refpeelive perfon and per-fons, bodies politick or corporate, do not transferor affign any fuch part or (hare of and in the fame annuities and the ftock at- After fuch notending the fame, which (hall be contained in fuch lifts or fche- tice no tranf-dules to be tranfmitted to him by the fame managers or directors; ^cr*>&c* and the faid accountant general (hall likewise take care, that from and after fuch notice (hall be given to him as aforefaid by the faid managers and directors to be appointed in purfuance of this a<ft, or any three or more of them, and until he (hall have received from the fame managers or directors, or any three or more of them, fuch lifts or fchedules as are dire&ed to be transmitted to him by them, no transfers or alignments (hall be made in the book or books by him kept relating to thofe annuities refpe&ively for or concerning which fuch (ubfeription book or books (hall be fo opened.

XVIIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid, Accountant That if thqfaid accountant general in the publick office of the general of the bank of England for the time being (hall at any time or times *pank negleft-hereafter negledt or delay to tranfmit fuch lifts or fchedules, or inS ***“*• to make fuch certificate or certificates to the managers or direc-^ the bank tors to be conftituted in purfuance of this aft, or to (hut or ftop-to caufe the the transfers of the faid redeemable annuities which, are tranl- fame to be ferrable at the publick office of the faid bank of England, ac-;donc% cording to the purport and true meaning of this aft, or to do. any other matters or things by this aft required to be done or performed by fuch accountant general, that then and in eveiy fuch cafe and fo often, the governor and company of the bank of England\ and their fucceftors (who have the nomination or appointment of fuch accountant general) (hall be and are hereby required and obliged to cauie and procure to be done and performed the fame matters and things (fo delayed or neglefted to be done and performed) in fuch manner as fuch accountaot general ought to have done the jame by virtue or in purfuance* of this aft.

XIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, $0uth-Sea That it (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid governor and:company, be-company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the Sautb~Sea* fort 1 March and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fiftiery, at* 7*^	re~

any time or times before the faid firft day of March one thou&nd^eemable re" feven hundred twenty one, to redeem all and every or any the re- debts of deemable debtsand incumbrances above in thisaft recitedor men- 16,546*482 U turned, amounting in the whole to the faid fum of fixteeu millions 7 *• * d. 1 q. five hundred forty fix thoufand four hundred eighty two pounds feven (hillings and one penny farthing, or, thereabouts, and the refpeftive fecurities for the fame, by paying off the fame debts and incumbrances, and every or any of them, at the rate of at the rate of one hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds principal 100I. for every money, and ^roportionably for greater proffer (ums,.at thei^^PnnclPH

Digitized by

Google

r&	Anno	£xto GEortGrt T. c. 4.	£1^19.

pubiick office of the faid South-Sea company in the city of Len-* dotty at fome time or times before the faid firft day of Aferrcb one thoufand feven hundred twenty one, and to u(jp and cawfe* or procure to be ufed and to be put in execution, ail lawful wavs and means for redemption thereof.

Where notice XX. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That m Ihouki be all and every cafe and cafes, where in or by any art or *6ks of thority of^ar Par^amcnt now m force, any notice or notices for redemption bament^&c^" °f ^ debts and incumbrances, or afty of them, might or the company fhould be given or left in behalf of the pubiick, by authority of are to give parliament or by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, pursuant ■“ notice. to any vote or refolution of that houfe, fuch and the like notice or notices (hall and may be given or left by the laid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery, or by fuch perfon or perfons as they or their court of dirtrtors (bail appoint to give or leave fuch notice or notices, for redemption of the fame debts and incumbrances, or lb many or fuch part or parts of them refpertively as are redeemable at\

«	time, as the fame governor and company, or their coart of

directors, in regard to tbe abilities and other circumftances of the fame company, (hall think fit; and that from and after the expiration of the time and times to be mentioned in fuch notice and notices for paying off and redeeming the fame debts and incumbrances, or any parts of them, every or any of them, fuch debts and incumbrances, or fuch part and parts thereof.

On payment as (hall be mentioned in (bch notice or notices to be redeemed, or tender the (hall, upon payment of the refpertive fum or fums of money be^wmed	t0	ProPr*€tors	for fuch redemption, or tender there-

m * of at the pubiick office bf the fame governor and company, be and be adjudged to be redeemed; and the intereft and annuity payable in refpert thereof to the refpertive proprietors of fuca debts and incumbrances, or their refpertive parts or proportions thereof, fo far as the fum or fums fo to be paid off or redeemed (hall extend, (hall thenceforth ceafe and determine to be payable to them; and in lieu thereof, an annuity after /bch and the like rate as the intereft money and annuity as is now pay- ' able for or in refpert of fuch debts or incumbrances, (hall be from thenceforth paid and payable to the laid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seaf and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifbery, and their fucceflors, or to their cafhier for the time befe* for their ufe, until and for the faid feaft-day of the nativity of Saint John Baptifl which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred twenty feven, and from thenceforth after and a proper- the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, until redemption tional addition jjy parliament, and a proportional addition or additions in ir-theoi^itd t0 t^fcre°f be made to their capital (lock, according to flock!**1 foe purport and true meaning of this art: fo as fuch debts and incumbrances as (hall be redeemed upon fuch notice or notices, be paid off at the faid rate of one hundred pounds.for everyone

hundred

Digitized by

ly 19. J	Auno-fexto	Georgii	L	C.	4.	*59

tundred pounds principal money, and in that proportion for ;reater or lefler fums, at fuch day or day$* time or times, to be nentioned in fuch notice or notices for payment thereof, on this ide and before the ’faid firft day of March one thoufand feven lundred twenty one, at the publick office of the fame governor ind company. And as to fuch of the faid debts and incum- As to fuch brances tor redemption whereof no notice is by law required, debts whereof it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor and com- j10 notic*is hy pany of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas compsmyto and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery, or give notice by their court of directors for the time being, to give notice by writing bn the writing or writings to be affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, or by publication or publications in the London Gazette, time * and thereby to appoint and afeertain a time or times for pay- for payment,* ment of ana redeeming all or any fuch debts and incumbrances, or fo many or fuch part or parts of them refpe&ively at a time, as the fame governor and company, or their court of directors,. in regard to the abilities or circumftances of the fame company fhall think fit* and that from and after the expiration of the time and times to be mentioned in fuch notice or notices for paying off and redeeming the fame debts and incumbrances, or any parts of them, every or any of them, fuch debts and incumbrances (upon payment of the refpedtive fum or fums of money payable to the proprietors for fuch redemption, or tender thereof at the publick office of the fame governor and company) ihall be and be adjudged to be Redeemed, and the intereh and the annuity payable in refpedt thereof, to the refpeftive proprietors of fuch debts and incumbrances, (hall thenceforth ceafe and determine to be payable to them, and in lieu thereof, an annuity after fuch and the like rate, as the intereft-money and annuity as is now payable for or in refpedt of fuch debts or incumbrances, (hall be from thenceforth paid and payable to the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery, and their fucceffors, or to their cafhier for the time being for their ufe, until and for the faid feaft-day of the nativity of Saint John Baptifi which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufana feven hundred twenty feven; and from thenceforth after the rate of four pounds per .centum per annum, until redemption by parliament; and a proportional addition or additions in After*4. June refpeft thereof (hall be made to their capital (lock, according to i7*7»intcrcit *thepurport and true meaning of this a<ft.	at41.percent,

XXL And be it alfo further enabled by the authority aforeT Company belaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid go-fore 1 March yernor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America and for encouraging the fifhery^t anytime or times before the faid firft day of March feriptiona, the one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one, to take in, by way annuitiea of *pf purchafe or fubferiptions, all and every or any the above men- 96*	**

tioned annuities payable during the refpedive4 remainders then ycars* *** to come and unexpired of the above mentioned terms of ninety ‘	’	*	fix

Digitized by v^-ooQle

166	Anlio facto GfeoRGli I. c.|.

fix yfcars, eighty nine years and ninety nine years, in this aft before computed to amount in the Whole to fix hundred fixty foe thoufand eight hundred twenty one pounds eight (hillings and threepence halfpenny per annum or thereabouts, and all the pie* fent and future eftates and interefts therein, and the refpeftive fecurities for the fame, fo as the (amfc annuities refpeftively by fuch purchafes or fubftriptions be effectually taken in for the whole refidues and remainders then to come and unexpired of the faid refpeftive terms of ninety fix years, eighty nine years and at foch prices ninety nine years from the refpeftive proprietors thereof, at fuch tuall a^cd" P^ce an^ Pr,ccs 215 A*all h*agreed upon between the fame com-on %mh the Pany> or their court of direftors on their behalf, and thofe proproprietors. prietors refpeftively, and fo as the fame price or prices for fuch* annuities be paid or fatisfied at the publick office of the fakt South-Sea company in London, at fome time or times at or be-' fore the fa d firft day of March one thoufand (even hundred and twenty one; and to take in, by purchafes or fubferiptions, all and every or any the above mentioned lottery annuities in thi* aft computed to amount to forty fix thoufand two hundred and fixty pounds fix (hillings and one penny per annum, or therea-bouts, for the faid vifhole term of twenty three years, reckoned from Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, and the pay tickets for the fame, from the refpeftive proprietor* thereof, at fuch price or prices as (hall be mutually agreed between the fame company, or their court of direftors in their behalf, and the refpeftive proprietors of thofe annuities, fo as fuch price or prices for the fame be paid or fatisfied at the pub-lick office of that company in London, at fome time or times at or before the faid firft day of March one thoufand feven hun* dred and twenty one; and to take in, by purchafe or fubfcrip^ tions, all and every or any the above mentioned annuities before in this aft computed to amount to eighty one thoufand pounds per annum, or thereabouts, for the laid whole "term of twenty two years and three quarters of a year, reckoned from Cbri/hnas one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, or for (he remainder of that term which (hall be to come and unexpired at the quarter-day preceding the taking in of the fame, and (he refpeftive fecurities for the fame, from the refpeftive proprietors thereof, at fuch price or prices as (hall be mutually agreed between that company, or their court of direftors on their behalf, and the refpeftive proprietors of thofe annuities, foas fuch price or prices for the fame be likewife paid or fatisfied at their publick office in London, at fome time or times at or before the faid firft day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one.

If theproprie- XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the ho* t<*aarewiliiig thority aforefaid. That if all or any of the proprietors of all or jfoa^ntb any	redeemable	debts	and	incumbrances	computed	in

company’sC an° ty l^s to amount to fixteen millions five hundred foivjr fyclc,	fix	thoufand	four	hundred eighty two pounds feven fhillingsasu

pno penny farthing, pr thereabouts, lhalibe wifitog and defiftfc*

Digitized by L^ooQle

iyig.J	Anno fcxto Georoii 1. c.4.	161

at the time or refpedive times of filbferibing or paying off the fanne, or any of them, to accept and take (in lieu of the faid one hundred pounds per centum m money) a (hare or (hares of and in the capital or joint (lock of the faid Seutb-Sea company, increafed and to be increafed purfuant to this ad, at fuch price at fodi prices or prices as (hall then be mutually agreed by -and between the as (hall be mu-fame company, or their court of directors in their behalf, and the (hid proprietors, or any of them, or if all or any the pro- fabferibing, prietors of all or any the (aid annuities computed in and by this in lieu of mo* ad to amount feverally to fix hundred fixty fix thoufand eight a*y» hundred twenty one pounds eight (hillings and three pence halfpenny per annum, forty fix thoufand two hundred and fixty pounds fix (hillings and one penny per annum, and eighty one thoufand pounds per annum, or thereabouts, (hall be willing and defirous, at the time or refpedive times of taking in the tame, or any of them, by purchafe or fubferiptions as aforefaid, to accept and take (for and in lieu of their refpedive annuities of debts) a (hare or (hares of and in the fame capital or joint ftock increafed and to be increafed purfuant to this ad, at fuch ratd or rates for the (aid ftock as (hall then be mutually agreed by and between the fame company, or their court of diredors in their behalf, and the faid proprietors, or any of them, that then fuch proprie-' and in all and every fuch cafe and cafes the faid feveral and re- tors (hill be fpedive proprietors fo defiring to accept (for or in lieu of their admitted into refpedive annuities or debts) fuch (hares in docks, (hall be en-titled thereunto accordingly, and the fame proprietors, whether they be natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, his, her an<l their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors and affigns refpedively (hall have and enjoy and be entitled, by force and virtue of this ad, to have ana enjoy of and in the faid capital or joint ftock of the fame companv increafed and to be in* created as aforefaid, fuch refpedive (nares as aforefaid, and in refped of fuch (hares (hall be deemed and taken to be members of the fame company, and be incorporated into the fame, and ihaQ, in proportion to the fame (hares refpedively, have and be entitled to the like benefits, powers, privileges and advantages, as other members of that company (nail or ought to enjoy in refped of their (hares in the faid capital ftock ; and that all and every fuch proprietor and proprietors, from the time or refpec-tive times of his, her or their agreeing, by contrad, fubferip-tion or otberwife, to accept fuch ftock in lieu and fatisfadion of his, her or their annuities, debts or other incumbrances before .mentioned, (hall have credit in the books of the fame company for his, her or their proportion or (hare of and in the whole capital or joint ftock of the fame corporation inereafed and to be increafed as aforefaid, ai\d of and in all dividends, profits and advantages whatfoever to attend the fame.

XXIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Proprietor? That all and every proprietor and proprietors of the above men- may fubferibe, tkmed annuities and debts, or any of them, his; her and their ugputort, adminiftrators, fucceflors and affigns refpedively (hall ** jcept opcllf Voi. XIV.	M	have

Digitized by Google

tOi	Anno fexto Georgn	C.4I [l7*fh

®n the terms fiave liberty by themfelves refpedtively, or by fuch perfon or per-«the aft. fons as thev refpeftively (hall think nt to employ m this behalf, during fuch time or times as the faid fubfeription-books (hall bq kept open, to fubferibe or write his, her or their annuity or annuities, debt' or debts, or any of them, in fuch of the Cud , books as (hall be proper for that purpofe, at fuch refpe&ive rates and prices, and upon fuch (evenu and refpe<5Uve terms and coq« Bxaratort,&c. ditions, as are before in this ad preferibed concerning the lama aaay fubferibe. fefpedlively; and that all executors, adminilhrators, guardians and trudees (hall have like liberty and power to make of caufe to be made the faid fubferiptions and acceptance of money or (lock, for and on the behalf of their refpe&ive teftators, in-tedates, or of infants, minors, femes covert, cedui que trufls or others for whom they are or (hall be refpe&ively intruded, and are and (hall be, by virtue of this ad, indemnified in and for doing the fame; neverthelefs the (hare or intered which fuch jexccutors, administrators, guardians and trudecs refpedively (hall, by virtue of fuch fubferiptions as aforefaid, have or be entitled to in the capital or joint dock of the fame company in-crcafed and to be mcreafed as aforefaid, (hall be (ubjed and liable to the like ufes, truds and purpofes, as the fame annuities . and debts were or would have been liable, had not the fame been taken in as aforefaid.

Barton* who XXIV. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority h*vt accepted aforefaid. That all and every perfon and perfons or corporations, th* who (hall be paid or fatisfied for his, her or their annuities, muft deliver ^e^ts or incumbrances in money, or by acceptance of any (hare uptheirorder* or (hares in the faid capital dock, or otherwife, at the refpec-and.ticket*, tive rates and prices by this adl intended concerning the fame, lhall at the fame time deliver or caufe to be delivered up to fuch perfon or perfons, or fuch or fo many of them, as the raid commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall in this behalf appoint, au the orders and tickets whereby fuch proprietors re-fpedtivcly were entitled to fuch annuities, debts or incumbrances^ or any of them, whether the fame be any of the danding or: tiers which were made forth and figned by any lord treafurer or commiflioners of the treafury for the time bein*, for payment of fuch of the faid annuities, or for payment o? any principal fums with intered for the fame, as were made payable at tht receipt of the exchequer, or be any of the dariding orders which 'were made forth and figned as aforefaid for payment of fuch ai*-nuities or principal fums with intered, as were made payable in tany of the particular offices, commonly called the lottery-offices, or be any of the pay-tickets which were madefortb by the faid lottery a£t of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ten, and were not fubfenbed jnto the capital dock of the faid Sjutb-Sca company, purfuant to a fubfequent a 61 in that behalf, or by any of the fortunate tickets drawn on the faid two lottery a&s of the fifth year of his Majedy’s reign, or cither of them, which (lull firft have J)een chequed, proved and attefted as aforefaid.

" ■ •	_	■-	'	“	- **	'	*	XXV.	PtC*

Digitized by LjOOQie

*7*9.] Alrnc (facto GEOKon V. C: 4I	163

; , XXVi Provided always, That if any of.the proprietors of On affidavit,

anythe (aid orders dr tickets fo to be delivered up (not being a *c* t^t °r“

QbakerV (hall make bath by an affidavit in writing, or (being a iQftf

ilyakti) (hall make a folemn affirmation hi writing, that any die affidavit to be

find orders or tickets are loft, burnt or deftroyed, and that he, taken inftead

ftie or theyi'for tbas caufe, caAnot produce the fame, and that °*thc ordcrf*

(uchxorders or tickets, if they could be produced, would be his,

berdr theinown property at the time of making fuch oath or

affirmation, and. if the (aid perfons to be appointed for taking

in, the laid orders and tickets, or any two or more of them (who

haverhereby power to take fuch oaths and affirmations refpedive-

ly,: and >0 examine the parties concerning the fame) (hail be fa*

tisfied in the truth thereof, then and in every fuch cafe, the (aid

perlbns to be appointed for taking in the oruers and tickets, or

any two or more of them, have hereby power to take in the

(aid affidavits or affirmations inftead of the orders or tickets to

which they (ball have relation; any thing herein contained to

the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVI. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority a- The order*, forefaid; That the peffon or perlbns to be appointed for taking &c. to be de» in.tfie laid orders and tickets, as afbrcfaid, (hall from time to time, as foon as conveniently may be, after any of them, or to theexchcT any ftscb affidavits or affirmations inftead of any ot them, (hall be qUer. takenin, deliver the faid orders and tickets, affidavits and affirmations To taken m, with exalt lifts thereof (the faid lifts to be fienid by the faid perfons fo to be appointed, or by two or more ottfr&n) finto the office of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer for the time being, there to remain for ever: and that no payments or iffuesupon any the orders, tickets, affidavits or affirmations fo delivered up, (hall afterwards be made at the (aidreceipt of the exchequer, or in any the faid particu-* lar offices* unlefs it be for fuch arrearages of the faid annuities or iitforen-monfars, for payment of which fpecial provifion is afterwards thaSe in and by this alt; and that the particular duties,' rarenues, foods and provifions, charged with the payment And the funds of rte^nmuties and debts which were payable by the faid orders, ftall be dif-tickets, oaths and affirmations fo delivered up, or any of them,	there-

(hall from thenceforth be difeharged of and from the fame, except the payment of the faid arrearages touching which (penal pnovtfiqn is afterwards made in and by this ad.

:XXVn.iAodl)e it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Managers to That t be above mentioned managers and diredors to be confti- adjuft and hit&t in puffoance of this ad, or any three or more of them, fiSn diftind Oiita time to time, -is foon as conveniently may be, after bribes °te. the refpedive books by them to be opened, as afore- taken in or t the laid firft day of March one thoufand (even hun- paid off, with-twenty one, make up, adjuft and lign diftind accounts *n ^ time of annuities and debts which (hall have been taken in or ^uch *ccount' Afkhin the time of every fuch account fucceffively; that w ton^^brie account of all the annuities, which within the time [£ account (hall have been taken as part of the (aid, an-M a .	nuitiee

Digitized by L^ooQle

Ann* ftxtzrGBoRoitl. c.4:	1^7^

talkies computed to amount to fit bundled fixty fit thoufand eight hundred twenty One pounds eight fhiliings and throe pence hSfpenny per annum*, or thereabouts; one other account 6f aft the annuities Which within the time of the (ame account (hah have been taken in as part of the laid annuities computed to amount So eighty one thoufand poonds per annum or thereabouts; one Other account 6f alt the bud heretofore unfobfaibed lotteryazs-unities which within the time of the fame account (half have been taken in as part of the hud annuities computed to anmunt to forty fix thoufand two hundred and fixty pounds fix flaffinga and one penny per annum, or thereabouts; one other account at ah the jprincipai films which within the time of every fuck ae» taunt mall have been taken in by purchafe or fubfcnptkms, to be paid off as part of the above mentioned fonts computed to amount to five hundred fixty three thoufand three hundred pounds, carrying intereft at four pounds per centum per ammo, by virtue of her	letters	patents	before	mentioned; one

other account of all the principaLfimts which within the time ef every fuch account fiiaU have been.taken in by purchafe or fiibfcriptions, or paid off as part of the above mentioned films composed to amount to one million fifty five thoufeod nine hem* dred and ninety pounds, or thereabouts, carrying iofcrcft at five pounds per centum per annum % and fix hundred fifty, two thoufand and twenty pounds, or thereabouts, carrying intertft after the rate of four pounds per centum per mammy by virtue of the feid a&s of the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anar, and the firftyearof his now Majefty’s reign; one other accbunt of all the principal firms which within the time of every foofcac-count (hall have been taken in by purchafe or fubfcriptions, or paid off as part of the above mentioned fum of five hundred thoufeod pounds payable with mtereft at four pouiidt per centum per an* uum, by one of die faid lottery a<5fcs of the fink rear of his Majefty’s reign; and one other account of all the principal fums which within the time of every fuch account {hall have Wen taken in by purchafe or fbbfctiption, or paid off as port of the above mentioned fum computed to amount to tenaoUisetwicven hundred twenty three thoufand fix hundred feventy poundsde run Stillings and tfoee pence three farthings, or thereabouts, foe which annuities are now payable by thecafhier of the bawkof England, .at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum \ or as port of the above mentioned fum computed to amount to three millions fifty one thoufand five hunched and one pounds fifteen {hillings ana nine pence halfpenny, or thereabouts, for which annuities are now payable by the fame ctihier, at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum: and that in every fuch account fo to be made and adjufted, from time to time, there (hall he particularly exprefled every annuity or debt nefocdfitely taken in or putd off, as aforefeid; the names of the refpe&ve proprietors, from whom the fame (hail have been taken in or paid off; the particular duties, revenue*, funds and provisions, which wore feve-fully charged therewith ; the prices or rates paid fcacuck propria^ 6 .	tor

Digitized by

Google

*7*9]	AnfioiemGsoxotil. G. 4.	*$5

tar for the fame, amt Hie additions which thefatd 8tfHh-S*a<brfi •

«nr is to hose to-their own Capital (lock and annuity, or yearly fluid for taking in, or paying off thofe annuities and debts. iVlpedtevety, according to die tenor and true meaning of this

........

XXVIII.	And it is hereby enacted, That the (aid managers Manager* to and dimSora, to be conAituted in purfatnos of this aft, as a-fordEddj or any three or more of them,- (hall from time to time, fqcj, account* upon their making op, adjufting and fignmg the faid fcveral ac> to the treaft-courtts, as aforeiaid, trahfaiit or caufe to be tranfinitted dupli- «y> *«d to the rates thereof, attefled by them, or any three or more of them, theSourt-La to the eommiffioners of the treafiiry, or the high treafurer for company,* kc. the time being, and to the court of directors of the Stutb-Sea company- for foe time bang, and duplicates of fo much thereof

~a» concerned any of the (aid annuities or debts, which were payable at the (aid receipt of the exchequer, to the auditor of «he faid receipt for the time bang; and duplicates of fo much thereof as concerned any of the faid annuities or debts which *erere payable at the lottery-offices, to fuch perfons as the com-'inrffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall appoint s and duplicates of fo. much thereof as may relate to the principal Turns, for which annuities are payable at the refpeftive rates aforeiaid, faV 'tire eaftrier of the bulk of England* to the accountant general of the govemor and company of the hank of England for the -tithe bong.

XXIX.	And be it further enaftod by the authority aforeiaid, After t March That the find managers and direftors, to be conftituted in put'- ‘7*1-or *f'er

•	foanceef this a A,or any three or more of them-, (hall with all b^taken'in'or

convenient fpeed, after the (aid ftrft day of	one thou&nd paid off, raa-

(even hundred and twenty one, or alter tU-- the faid annuities nagemo and dAtu (hall be taken in or paid off, as dforefaid (which (hall tranft?’t * ftrft happen) deliver or caufe to be delivered, complete d\iptj- rfthe Cates of all die fbbfcriptions and entries which (hall be contain- whole into ths ed in aH the faid books to be opened and kept by them, ftich exchequer,

*	complete duplicates’ bong ftrft attefted under the hands of three

-	or more-of the faid managers and directors, to the auditor pf

-	thd receipt of the exchequer for thetinye being, to remain iriWs

‘ office for ever: and the faid managers and direaers, or any three and the fub-or more-of them, fhall alfo whh ail convenient (peed, after tfte Jf"?*'011'

-	laid firft day of March one tboufandftVeh hundred and1 twenty

one, t)f after all the faid annuities and debtfe fhall be taken In company, or paid - off, as aforefirid (which (htll -fifff Happen) diliver bf caufe to be delivered the faid books- containing all the fobfcnb-~tkms and entries, which-then or before that time (hall have been made therein (fuch books bang ftrftattefltedunder the hahdi bf ’ three or more of the lathe manager* and^rtfeftors) to the court ■of dhredtorsof the 8hutb-$ta company, for. the ufeof tShcfame company.	  '	:--

XXX. And	voberfatit pre/ht utpit/d^joint fink cf tbe fitid

gawrnsr and tempo*}	trdftngurtht

M3	South

'■-1

Digitized by v^ooQle

Aooo into Geoeqii I. e.	•

South-Seas and other parts of America, <nfd for entmraging the fifiery ^ doth amount in the whole to ejeyem erfidiem.fnm* hundred forty fix thou/and tight hundred forty four founds eighufbelfing^aud ten pence, or thereabout \ and Wr.frofrt amuity oryeeprdy fmd, payable in refpeft thereof, at the rate of five pounds per centum par ‘	annum,	doth amount in the whole, /# five hundred eightyfrvem tbm-

fand three hundred forty two pounds fourfindings and five pence pa The wipes, to annum, or umeaoouts: now it is hereby further enadfaed by the be computed authority afore (aid,- That the values to bp.computedat^f (aid so t^ears pur-	twenty ycar* pqrchafe for fuck of the laid anouiri«by

ch^e, i*years ^is *& computed to amount to,fix hundred fuftyfix theuftod pufehale, and eight hundred twenty one pounds, eight (billings and threepence cent, per cent, halfpenny per annum, or thereabouts, as fhajlbe taken in, from fhall^be^Tce ****** tp by purchases or fabferiptions, as. aforefirid; and tbp in or paid off, Va^cs to be compute after the frid rate,of fourteen,years put-(hall be added* chafe for fuch of the faid annuities, by this ad computed to a-to the capital mount to eighty one thouftnd pounds perannftm9nr thereabouts, #ock, icc.	as (hall from time to time be taken in by purcbafcsjorXQidcnpr

lions, as aforefaid j and the values to be computed at the dike rate of fourteen years purchafe for fuch of the (aid lottery •	annuities,	by this act computed to amount to forty &tt thou-

fund two hundred and fixty pounds fi* (hillings and oqe.penny per annum% or thereabouts, as (hall from time to time hrfik^-wife taken in by; purpbafes or fubferiptions, as afpre£udf anjl the values tp be computed after the faid rate of one Jiundfiql pounds for every one hundred pounds of the faid redeemable debts and incumbrances, by thisaft computed to amount tofix-tecn millions five hundred torty fix thoufand fouriiuadrpd eighty two pounds feven lhillings and one penny farthing, >or there-\ ;	abouts,	which (hallfroin time to time,- as the faid (jeyexal gp-

nuities, debts, and incumbrances refpedUvely (hall betpken.ip or paid off, and as the. faid refpc&ive values (hail be fpecified in ;/ '■	the entries which (hall have been madedn the faid book^pf the

faid managers and dirc&ors, to be appointed in: purfuance q{ this a&, (halj be adc^d wad united tqtbC prefent capital xk joint (lock of the fame gov^fpor and company > and that euetymem-her of that corporation (gs well thofetqbe ipcorpopueduitpxhe fame by viitpe of this af all other members thereof), (hall haye credijt in the, hpoks of the fame corporation for-his/ her or their proporrioA^r.flvfte ofandjnthp, whole capital «joipt (lock of the fame. cqrpofatiop (b incrcaied, from time, to tube, #	and of ar>d ip all the dividends, profits and advantagfs whad^-

ever, to attend tfi^/ame, frqm apd after their beragtaken info And the com the (aid capital frock*,and that the fame governor a?4 pany for every ^ at>d t hi r jfqcceilors, for every. addition; which (ha

(hall have an ? uons which arctq^jjp^ thereunto*? iefpe& of the addition to . fore In. this ySt, epqy>uted to amount to threp millions fifty ope tbeir annuity thoufand ;ive hundred and One pounds fifteen (Hillings anonifie 5l,P![ccni* .pence bakpeony, -,aad ’one. million ievea hundred aod fifteen dS atVl^ ^oi^Bgi three	fwpoty po^i^i,. da jUJ tg%rmjl-

i*, cent* rii«o--'	l

Digitized by LjOOQle

«jr*9)T	Anoo icw>iG*fi»Qiir I. ^4;	167

-Soon fewn.fbnodoed fixtyfix theufend eight hundred twenty «B»foaiidi fifteen (hillings and nine pence halfpenny* or there-abouts, forwhicb annuities or intereft after the rate of four pounds per cmttm per annum are now payable, as is abave tnen- intend to be tinned) ftutt have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by'virtue at 5 .per -uf thie adt, to have* receive and enjoy an addition and additions “JJj; “•[ **n<| to their (aid annuity or yearly fund, after the rate of five pounds after at ,i. fer ftnttm	per manum»until and for the feaft of the tutivityof per	*

St. JohaBuptifi which (hall be in the year of our Lord one. thou-fetfo feven hundred and twenty feven, and from thenceforth after the pate of (butr pounds per (Mum per mum, till reddmptionby parfrunont, aaoofdiag to thetenor and true meaning of, this pre-fiat	96k{itbeing intended that from and after the faid feaft of

the nativity of St. Jehu Baptifi one thoufand (even hundred and. twenty feven, the faid rate of five pounds per centum per atom (ball be.oertaialy and adually reduced to the faid rate of four pounds per centum per annum, until fuch redemption;) and for -every, addition which (hall be made to their capital ftock, pursuant to thiaaft, (or or in refpeft of the faid fums computed to amount in the whole to the faid fust of four millioos.feven bun-deed fixty. fix thoufand eight hundred twenty one pounds fifteen iruUings and nine pence halfpenny, or thereabouts* the fame governor. and company, and their fucceflors, (hall have, receive and .enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this a<S to have, receive	,

and; enjoy an addition and additions to their faid annuity or jSQuiy fund after the rate of fpur pou nds per centum per. , until and for the (aid feaft of the nativity of St. John	■■	•v

which (halt be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven* and from thenceforth after the feme rate of four pounds per tentum per annum, until redemption hy parliament as aforefeid.

, XXXI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefeid, When the a •TEJiat the addition and additions to be made to the prefent an, d»ti<m* ihall putty .of .the feid governor and company of merchants of Greatcommence* Britton, foe at in refpedt of the annuities, debts and incum, braces, which (hall he taken in, or paid off by them in pur-hance of thifsft, (hall commence from the quarterly feaft day, me half-yearly feaftwisy, on which the annuities or intereft-mo-itey, for or in refpeft of fitch apaufties, debts and incumbran-ccp, fotakgn in or paid off, are payable, and which (hall laft precede fueh: payment or fubfcription thereof refpetftivdy, except the additions to be made for taking in the faid lottery annuities of the year ooeyhoufend feven hundred and ten, for which the propor-yfoesl annuity of the feme company is to commence from Michael-jmsenetboufend feven hundred and nineteen, as aforefeid. Treafury on uaJEXXIL And it is hereby eoafted. That the feid commit- receiving the •Moos ef the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the duplicates, Oigfotreafurar for the time being, from time to time, as he or <h?^e^teer* ibtofoaQ receive the feid accounts or duplicates thereof from SJaaddition, the laid managers and directors to be conftituted by virtue of to the comp,, .tftia. a&,. or.fuch of them, as aforefeid, (hall by an inftrumeqt ny'» capital, Pf iqflruinents in writing under his or their hands and feals, de-

M4, .	dart

Digitized by

Google

tvtrj member, m pro*, portion to hi* hares, (hall

»$•	Anno	fexta	Gsonofl	I. c. £	[17

claret fettle and determine, not only every fuch iMMan fo -be made to the capita] or joint flock of the bid governor an company, according to the refpe&ivc rates of valued ahichflutS have been fpecified in the bid accounts or duplicate* thereof fo transmitted, but alfo the feve§r*l additions which (hall, from time to time, be made to their annuity or yearly fend, in nefpcAmf fuch their additional flock, • alt aforebid, and tikevtife the timet from which the faid additions to be made tothehr annuity orycarfp fund (hail commence of have relation in point of payment, according to the refpe&ivo times of taking in or paying off the Aid-annuities and debts refpeftively, by (his aft ehredted to ho fperi&d in the bote accounts or duplicates, as afore&td, and according to the purport and- true meaning of this aft; and that every member of the fame corporation (as well tbofe td ho incorporated into the fame by virtue of this aft, as all other

_____________ members	thereof)	Itl	proportion	to their rbfpe&We lhares m the

have credit in oapital ftoek fo iacreaud, (hall have credit in the books of tha the company’* feme corporation, for his, her, or their (hare or proportion df book*. and in the whole capital ftook fo increafed-fromtime to times The increafed XXXIII. Aodbe itferther enafted by the authority afo annuity (hall bid. That the bid annuity or yearly fend now payable to the grow due feme governor and company after the rate of we pounds pet* 2? centum pat annum, from the time to wbioh it was hsft paid at tbit to ar ife by the exchequer, until and for the Add feafl of the nathdty of	J*bt

duties charge- Baptifl which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufeaft feven hundred and twenty feven, and (fern thenceforth at die bid rate of four pounds perctnttm per	until redemption

by parliament, according to this aft, (halt grow and be account^ »d doe quarterly, as the bme new is, at the four moft ufaat feafts.in the year, by equal portions (neverthelefstobeJatbfied by weekly or other payments, as is herein after mention to the fame governor and company, and their fucceflors, out off the monies arifen and to orife into the bid exchequer, of or far the particular duties, revenues, fends, and other prtrrifama now Charged or ehargeable with the feme annuity or yearly fend, nosy payable after the faid raw of five pounds ptr tttthtm tonamf, or appropriated for payment thereof by any aft or ufts of parfia-*> tnerrt now in forces and that the feveral additions to be made to the bme annuity or-yearly fend of the femfe' governor and company by virtue of this aft, as fefl as the feme additions re*-fpeftively ftall be fettled and determined, as aforefsid, dhall be computed and paid from the refpefttve commencements tbereof according to this aft, and (hall grow and be accounted* due tb them and their fucccSors quarterly, at the four moft nfusHeaflh aforefaid, by equal portions, at the feveral rates by this aftpre*-(bribed, until ahd for the bid feafl of the nativity of St. J*bn dioufand fevenhundred twenty feven; and from arid pfter the feme fe aft-day at the.fetd rate of four pounds fur •per annum, until redemption by parKameint, according to tin ’pet (neVerthelefc to be fatisfied by weekly or other payments, st herein after mentioned}) and ill and every the rente ads#*

- '■ ...............................................  trend

•Hie therewith.

Digitized by

Google

rytj#.]	ASno	fcft# ©KriROit I. €.4.'	16$

awd chargeable

Open, and bepaid and payable out of the monies' arifen or to anfeatthcfiud receipt of exchequer, of of for the particular duties, ntvehnegj funds, and other provHSons refjwflively, which Wore charged with payment of the refpeftive annuities or debta fo- taken in or paid off, n aforefldd, or Were appropriated fat paymentthereof; and in Cafe the faid particular duties Of t&rt-> The tempo* teres, or any of them, are temporary, dr were Htipofed only rarydutie* for® tenntor terms of years, which may end or determine bo* c°“lmaed "*r fan the redemption of the additional annuity Or annuities in* * tended to be charged thereupon hy virtue Of this aft, then and in ail Undevery fitch cafe and cafes every filch additional annuity, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to this aft Ad he charged upon, and be payable out of the fame or the She particular duties and revenues by this aft continued Und 'granted to- hh Majefty, Ms 'heirs drid fucceflor* for ever,

Which are hereby-declared to be a further fccmity for payment Of the fame. ■

* XXXIV. And whtrtKthe find governor and company of W#r-Msradr cfOreat Britain, are already entitled, by virtue of former m&i ff parliament in 'that behalf,	to feveral year amounting

ttnirk	tboufimdthru* hundred ninety fitven pounds nine /hillings and

fiet pfiub per uimtitH, for charges of management, and it is intended ,

" ' “they,- anfrtbtir 'fkcteffirs,/hall have a farther allowance for pm yfi mahapenkht 'of fo much as it now	the

W& charge of faying, affigning, and accounting for the annuities iM	depti bywis a’intended to be taken in or	or fo	much

if them as-/hdi bedltttally taken in or paidoff, purfiumt to this aff: be fcf therefore enabled Dy the authority aforefaia. That the faid a propor* iMunffinhen of the treafury, or any three or more of them, tional addU hr life high- treafererfor the time being, fhall with ail convenient l*°"t0 b* fjpeed caufe an. account or eftimate to be taken and made up of j^pany’* the whole •annual coft to the publick, of paying, affigning, and prelent allow-accounting for aHthc annuities and debts of what kind foever, ance for homputod car feedfied in this act, as aforefaid, (whether they char&e*

/fuff-or foaifnot be all taken in of paid off) and upon his or111411 a8eme,Jt*

sdfjAmth die faid managers and directors to be conftituted in httrfeance of tiffs aft, from time to time, fhall compute and allow,-and esufe to be Computed and allowed to the fame governor 'end-company, a proportion of the find cofts for the annuities pnd debts then appearing to be aftually taken in or paid off; that la to far, as the fum of eleven millions feven hundred forty -ftrthoufena eight hundred forty four pounds eight /hillings ana ten pence (being their prefent capital flock) is to the faid yearly fomof nifte thoufand three hundred ninety feven pounds nine tiuVngrf and fix pence, (being fheir prefent allowance for ma-ffahenmit) fb the flock which they are to have for the annuities femdebts by every filch account or duplicate thereof, appearing;. to bfctakenin or paid off, fhall be to the proportionaHhm which fMIbe aBowtdto the feme corporation towards thehr efrahgea,	>

fo

Digitized by uooQle

The,wi. 9* 6d. per annum, end further fums for charges, to be paid to

Anno facto Gsroicxi h *0^.;	T*7*9*

io u iH dwproportioml'fQms laftdnentmRed<bactf j«cc«rf tbe whole of one year’s coft for paying, afiigpdngi and arcpuntiog fofafi the annuities and debts before mentioned; and thepro* portlonal fums fo to be allowed, (hall from time to time be fjpe* ctfad in the faid refpeflive inftru merits, yndor the hands ad fads of tbe laid commiftioners of tbe/treafuFjs or .any throe or mote of them, or the high treaforer for the time bdngyand (hall neipcftively commence from the refpeflive time or tin^esat which the to be incrcaled annuity and annuities to thedame go* vemor and company, or the proportional parts thereof, fad1 commence in purfuance of this aft.

. XXXV• And it is hereby enacted. That tfre faid lams a* mounting to nine thoufimd three hundred ninety faren pounds nine (hillings and fix pence per anrtum^ and fuch further icuos for charges of management (when and as. they lhall bc addsd thereunto) (hall from time to time be paid andpayable to she I» theirgOVCFPor and company of merchants of Great Brit*ini and fent annuities, ^cir fucceffort, at fuch times, and in fuch manner and formal Sec. are pay. * their 'prefent annuity or yearly* fund* and the find addition**) able till re. be made thereunto, as aforefaid, are by this aft appointed solo 4*ee®e<,# paid and payable, till the fame annuities and yearly foods IhtQ be redeemed according to this aft* and that as well the Aid fums amounting to nine thoufand three hundred ninety Area pounds nine (hillings and fix pence per annwy2* the laid fip* ther fums to be allowed for charges of management, fhall-bq charged upon and payable out of the particular duties, revenue! and incomes by this aft chained or intended to be charged to tod with the payment of the faid prefent annuity or yearly fond ot the fame governor and company, and of the faid fnrcnal addi-tions to be made thereunto, aforefaid 9 spy thing in this or any former act or ads of parliament contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

the duties XXXVI. And for better fecuring to tbe (aid governor and and revenues company of merchants of Great Britain, and their fuccefibrs, charged wick ^jj t|^ payments intended to be made to them, by virtue or In ywly^nd/8 purfuance of this aft: be it further cnafted by the authority a* See. to be * .forefaid, That alt and every the above mentioned duties an^ brought into revenues whatfoever by this aft charged or intended to bcduig-tbeexchequer, ^ tQ ^ with tfie payment of the annuity or yearly fund of the • fame governor and company, and the additions to be made thereunto, as aforefaid, apd to or with the payment of the laid yev-ly fum of nine tthoufand three hundred ninety (even pounds nine failliogs and fix pence* apd the additions for -charges qf to-rnagementto be made thereunto, as aforefaid^ (whethertb*fane -duties or revenues, qr any of them, be fiichas were granted in - perpetuity by any former aft or afts of parliamenty'or be opq-. tinned in perpetuity by virtuf of this aft) dull from time, to r time te railed, levied apdcollefted, and all the monies ar|fir\g rdin to * ther€by '(^Kcepa the necefiary charges of rfifing, collcfting, 1c-thedr^ion» Yying anA paying the fame into (he exchequer, in England) Ogll of the former,	19 We ^ brought apd paid iqtp thq fayc M$chgg^

Digitized by

Google

*7*9'] Apno fcxia GegRgi* .1. c,4*.	171

fay and accoplrag to the rules, metlxxis and diro&ions, and with fuch drawbacks, repayments and allowances, and upder fuch penalties, forfeitures and difabilities, as are.prefcribed by tlac (aid former ad or ads of parliament relpedWely, or refer-red untp by thisad, for raifing^ levying, colledingor bringing in, the fame, 3s fully and effedually, as if the fame rules, me-thuds, dirodiops, drawbacks, repayments, allowances, penal-	>

-	tics, forfeitures and difabilities, and every of them, were in and _ by this.ad particularly repeated and re-enaded ;. and that all the .manias which frail be fo brought into the faid receipt, from to be entred

time to t;rpe, of or for the faid duties and reyenues refpedively, in books of (hall be fairly apd diftindly entred and regiftred in one or mote auditor of book or books to be kept in theoffices of the auditor of the faid a^*Serlc of receipt, and dcfk of" the pells feverally for that purpofe, to which ^ ^ all perfons concerned at all feafonable times (hall have free accefs

-	witwot fee or charge.

XXXVlJ. Andft is hereby abb enaded, That the faid audi- One other -tor of the napeipt and clerk of thepcUs for the time being (hall *9°^	cn***

fcver^llykeqx one other bpok, in which (ball be entred di(Ua$- ^acho? the ly aod fepafatply fo much or fuch proportions of the faid mo- monies as xues fo coming from time to tim? into the faid receipt of exche- ought to be ijunr, aa by the tenor and true meaning of this ad frail be ap- applied to the pjicable or ought to be applied for or towards the payment pf^P*rJ^d 1 t^e frid prefent annuity or yearly fund of the fame governor and	t^c

company, and the additions to be made thereunto as aforefaid, tions to be .atthereipedivc rates before-mentioned, and for or towards the made thereto, ! payment of frek (aid yearly fum of nine thoufand three hundred ninety (evenpounds nine ihillings and fix pence for charges of management, management, and the. additions to be made thereunto as aforc-. bid, until fuch redemption as aforefaid ; which monies for that purpoie. frail be kept apart from all other monies whatfoever payable frto the faid receipt. r XX^Vja And it is hereby alfo enaded and declared by the The mon;eg . authority aforefaid# That all the monies which (hall or ought to to be kept a-befoiej^ra^andkept apart for the faid purpofes in this ad ex- part and ap-prefledy (bajl.be and are hereby appropriated, and (hall from . J*me to time be idued and applied to and for the payment and * at u c* fatirfa&iQQ ©finch fum and imps of money as, according to the ^nor and true meaning of this ad, (hail from time to time be due or payable to frefiid governor and company of merchants pf GnatMritaiflt or their fuccedors (fubjed nevertbelefs to fuch . redudion aad redemption, p are in and by this ad prefcribed ^touching the fame) and to none other u(e, intent or purppfe whatioeverj and that the relpedive officers in the exchequer, q«bo frail make any wilful delay in iffuing or paying the fame, Penalty on of-~ or (hall be guilty ot (Averting or mifapplying any of toe faid rao- (k*rs of the - pies contrary to this ad, for any fuch offence (nail be forejudg-i fd of their refpedive offices or places, and be rendred incapable tbe^ney? #-Jp ferve his Mqjefty, his bjeirs or fucceffors, in any office or im* ployment ofrfmLor profit whatfoever, and (hall alfo be liable |^vaJoe of any fupj or	pf money fo wjlfrl-

' .'-V	'•	17

Digitized by LjOOQle

Aano Uato GtORon I. «4*'-



ly delayed to be paid, or fo diverted Or mtftpplied as afiwcTal^,

«. fW. 1^1 .	^	  _	-	.	-	.

TO QK OKI )

17*

and their fataftn, to be recovered by aftkm of debt or ori< cafe, bill, fait or information in any of Ids Majefty** courts-of record in fVeJlmnfttr, wherein no eflbin, protection, wager df law, or more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed* Orden to be	XXXIX. And for the better and more regular payment of all

hr*' the monies intended by this aft to be paid to the find gdVerttir gSS? m. **»d company of merchants of Great	’, and their feedtf-

meats to tbe fors, at the different rates and in Inch manner as aforefeifi, company. jeft neverthelefs to fuch redaftkm and redemption as are by this aft provided concerning the feme) an order or orders (hall ftofa time to time be made forth and figned by the commiSibQerS'df the treafory, or any three or more of them, or by the high treafurer for die time being*, and after figning thereof tife Certe fhall be good, firm, valid and effeftual m the law, acCctditfe to the purport and true meaning thereof and of-this aft, -ana fhall nor be determinable by or upon the death or removal df any commiifioner or eomtniffioners of the • treafery, or treafurer for the time being, or by or upon the death of determination of die power, office dr offices or them or *frv of them ; nor (hall any eomtniffioners of die treafory, high 'trciffnrer or tinder treafurer for the timeTieiftg have power *0 fdvtdce, embr-termand or make void fuch order or orders foiarntde forth arid figned as aforefeid.

Weekly iffues XL. And for the more fpeedy payment of the mohidr WfifCft to be made at fhall be due and payable to the feme governor and eOmpfcriy, 4r tbe exche- their fuccefibrs thereupon : it is hereby farther tnfftM ind de-^uer*	dared by the authority aforefaid. That weekly or otiief wife, -is

the monies appointed or intended by this aft *to be Applied for •or towards the (aid payments to-grow due to them W afbfefiu d, (hall from time to time be brought into the receipt Of fee bx-ehequer, and fhall or ought to 6e fet apart f<# tfctt purpofe as afarefaid, fuch monies (hall and may, from tifflO to tiifte,' ifliaed upon fuch order or orders for or towards dMtefatygfttig ffie hid annuity or yearly fund of the fame governor atiti company, and the find additions to be made thereunto; arid fbf: ctf'fd-wards the payment of the feid yearly fam of nine tftdOfentf Arte hundred ninety (even pounds- nine (MBings and-fljt petke; and • the (aid further allowances for charges of management to gtmr due at the end of that quarter of a year in Which futh'Hfber or payments-fhall be made ;fo as filch weekly nr Other paVtnttBS ; do not exceed the fvrtns which fhall grow due for nr at the end . _	■ of fuch quartet* refpcftivrfy.- ■*	• •	*•

1 XLI. And be it further enafted by the authority gfuftfiki, ore mitbv That if at any time or times the monies which fhall be brought •vcrpbn m into the exchequer, and be fet apart as afarefaid, for thaktiig M|J the payments by this aft appointed and intended ter be made to quent quarter. fa}d governor and company of merchants of Or tat

and their fbefceflors as aforefaid (t»hich monies are by thifift ’ appropriated far vt towards that ufc anti purpofe)* *fhatt mdrie

Efficient

Digitized by

Google

Ann* fcttp Gmoxoitl c17s

fcfriwlt topeyand difchergc or compkat the payment at tha and of aoyquartcr of a year of .all the monies which (hall be then due tot or upon their (aid prefent. annuity or yearly fund, nod the faid. additions to be made thereunto, and tor or upon the (aid'yearly him of nine theufand three hundred ninety (even pounds ninefhilUogs and fix penee for charges of management* and the additions to be made to the lame as aforefaid, then and Ik often, aadin every .fueh cafe* the deficiency of any filch quar-ter ihall and may.be fupplied out of the overplus monies to a* lifts.and to befet apart as aforefaid in any fubwquent quarter.

- XLU.•Erovided always, and it is hereby enacted by the an- Annuities.not thofity, aforefiud, That fuch of the faid annuities ana debts as *“!?10 (hall not betaken in by pur chads or fubfeription, or be paid off at the by. or is purfuanceof this adt, and the intereft-monies payable former o&cea, fpr.thc lame debts, (ball feverally continue to be paid and (hall tie payable to. the rdpedtive proprietors thereof, their executors* edminiftratore, (ucceflbrs and aifigns, at the lame refpedtivt of*

Sees and places* and out of the Lame duties, revenues and incomes, and* iuch time and times, and (hall be aflignahie, transferable and difpofeable in the fame manner and form as thofs annuities add debts, or the intereft of fuch debts, are now payable, affigoaUe, transferable or difpofcable by the refpedlive and (hall be a£U or ftatutes now in force concerning the (ante, and as if this transferable, peefent a£t had newer been made: and that this a&, or any	lhl*

claufc, matter or thing therein contained, (hall not extend or ^rtl be eonftrued to interrupt, delay or prejudice, at any time before or after the faid firft day of March one thoufand (even hundred and twenty one, the receiving, affigning, transferring or difpof-ing the, (aud annuities or debts, or the intereft of fuch debts not taken in or paid off by virtue of this a<ft as aforefaid, la any ■Banner of wife; any thing herein contained, to the contrary not-withftanding (except as is herein before otherwife provided and dire&ed, relating to the (topping or delaying the aligning and transferring the annuities or (hares in flock for the fame, now tnmsfenume* the publick office of the bank of England).

XLW.And as to fuch of the above-mentioned annuities and Annuities debts at intereft, as at any time or times before the faid firft day tsken » be-«f March one thoufand feven hundred twenty one (hall a&ually fore ‘JrJ!?* be taken in by purchafe or fubfeription, or be paid off by or in p^d their ar-

rrfuanee of this ad or any of the claufes therein contained* it rears to the hereby farther provided and enafted by the authority afore-days ef taking fidd. That the refpedive proprietors thereof, their executors,10’ adnriniftretocs, fuccefiors and affigns, at the fame refpedive offices and places, and out of the fame duties, revenues and in-OSOft si are now feverally charged with the payment of the (aid annuities and debts, refpeoively, (hall be latisfied and paid all the arrearage* of the faid annuities and iotereft-raonies (the ar-saanges on the (aid lottery-annuities for the year one thoufand Exception* fimenbundted and teo only excepted) until and for the quarter-Jyfesfthday or half-yearly read-day on which fueh annuity or in-mreft-naowey jafpedlivety wsxeppyabU, and which (haft daft peed .	cede

Digitized by v^ooQle

17+	Awkvfeitb GfcdRdtt V<T. 4;’-	97

cede the days and times of taking in tlie fa id anniiities and debts refpedtively, or paying them* off purfuant to t|iis a£t. And to the end the days or times of taking in or paying off as afore-1 ibid the principal monies for which the faid annuities or intereft-monies were payable, may certainly be known, and for pre-» Managers to venting frauds relating thereunto, the (aid managers and direc-ccrtify tht <or5 to ^ conftituted by virtue of this acl as aforefaid, or three ing^n^ to the °r mort°f them, from time to time, as foon as conveniently fever a] offices, may be, after any principal fum for which any annuity or Sate-reft is now payable, (haU be actually taken in or paid off as a-t forefaid, lhaJl certify the time of taking in or paying off the fame, in manner following; that is to lay, (b much thereof nst imported the payment of any annuity or intereft at the exchequer, (hall be fo certified to the auditor of that receipt for the time being, fo much thereof as imported the payment of any annuities by the faid cafhier of the bank of England* Dr attended flock for the fame, (hall be certified to the accountant geoerzl in the office of the faid bank for the time being ; and fo roach thereof as imported the payment of any the faid annuities or in-tereft-monies in any other of the particular offices now in being, (hall be certified to the comptrollers belonging to thofe offices - * v % ’ refpe<Slivdy 5 which faid auditor of the receipt, accountant general and comptrollers refpeeflively are hereby ftri&ly enjoined and required to take efpecial care, that after the payment of ftich arrears no further payments be made of the annuities or in-tereft-monies of the (aid annuities or debts fo taken in or paid off, or of any intcreft-money for the fame, or that any a(fign-ments or transfers be afterwards made thereof, or of any part thereof, in their faid refpe&ive offices, whereby the publick may be liable to be injured by a double payment; any thing in this or in any other a ct of parliament whatever to the contrary not-* withftanding.

South-Sea -• XLIV. And whereas the corporation of the feud governor and com-company thall pany of merchants of Great Britain are willing, in confederation of excheauerhe ®>erty by this aft given them of increasing their capital ftoct and towards dif. ^ebr annuity or yearly fund in refpeft of toe fame as aforefni, by recharging na- tng in or paying off all and every or any of the faid redeemable debts tionaJ debts and incumbrances in this aft before computed to amount tofexteen mU Dec* ^ons five bwdred forty fix thoufand four hundred eighty two poundt ,715*5 ec‘ feven Jbillings and one penny farthing, or thereabouti* to pay the full 4,156,306! 49. and intire fum of four millions one hundred fifty fix thoufand throe Mi • hundred and fix pounds four findings and, eleven pence of good and lm% ful money of Great Britain, into the receipt of the exchequer* to be applied towards difeharging the principal and intenjl of Juch national debts and incumbrances as were incurred before the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred arid fexteen, declared to he national debts, and provided for by afts oftarHament: be it further . enadlod by the authority aforefaid, That the lame corporation {hall pay into the receipt of the exchequer, for the purpo&slaft-mentioned, the faid fum of four millions one hundred fifty fix thoufand three hundred and £x pound? four (hilj&ngt and eleven - ..............................................................

Digitized by L 3Qle

7;*9•}	Anno fexto Gf oRcn I, c. 4;	i 7	j

>eixce, without any dedu&ion defalcation or abatement whatlbever "or any caufe, matter or thing whatlbever $ the fame to be paid by uch proportions and at fuch times as are herein after appointed for payment thereof; that is to fay, one full and equal fourth part Times of pay-tlicreof on or before the feaft of the annunciation of the blefled mcnt. Vlrcin Mary which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thou- 7Geo.i. flats* fana feven hundred and twenty one; one other full and equal 9 Oco. 1, c. 6. fourth part thereof on or before the feaft of the nativity of Saint John the Baptift which (hall be in the faid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred twenty one 5 one other full and equal fourth part thereof on or before the feaft of Saint Michael the Archangel which (hall be. in the faid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred twenty one ; and the remaining fourth part of the faid fum of four millions one hundred fifty fix thoufand three hundred and fix pounds four (hillings and eleven pence, and in full payment thereof, on or before the feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift which (hall be in the faid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred twenty one.

XLV\ And whereas the faid corporation of the governor and com-party of merchants of Great Britain, in consideration of the increafe company dull which > by virtue of this aft, will be made as aforefaidof their capi- pay into the • tal Jlock and annuity or yearly fund before-mentioned, by taking in by exchequer purchafe or fubfeription at prices to be mutually agreed on with the proprietors as aforefaid, the faid annuities for the aforefaid remain- chafe upon" ders of the faid feveral terms of ninety fix years, eighty nine yearx, the long an-mnety nine years and thirty two years, or Juch efiates and interefs 1£at therein as will compleatfy make up the faid feveral remainders of the taken" faid feveral terms, which Jhall be to come and unexpired at the rejpec- y tive times of taking in the fame annuities refpeftively, are willing to pay fuch further fum and fums of good and lawful money of Great 7Geo.x«ftaL*tf Britain, as the annuities fo pur chafed, or fo many of them as /ball be a finally purchafed and taken in within the time aforefaid, Jhall a-mount unto at the rate of four years and an half s purchafe-, that is to fay , at the rate of four hundred and fifty pounds for every fuch annuity, amounting to one hundred pounds per annum, and frepof-tionahly for any fuch greater or lejfer annuities, which Jhall be taken in for the faid remainders of the faid terms of years refpefiivcly -x the money Jo ariftng to be affo applied towards the difcharging the principal and interejl of the faid national debts and incumbrances ‘ which were incurred before the faid twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen : be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That tne lame corporation (hall pay into the faid receipt of the exchequer, for the purpofe aforefaid, and without any deduction, defalcation or abatement whatfoever, fuch further fums of good and lawful money of Great Britain, & the laid rate of four years and an half's purchafe (hall amount \unto, upon all fuch of the annuities laft mentioned as (hall be aftually taken in by purchafe or fubferiptions purfuant to this on or before tne faid firft day of March one thoufand feven .hundred and twenty one$ the faid fums, after the faid rate df .four years and an halfs purchafe, to be paid into the faid cxr ^chequer by fouf equal quarterly payments* as is herein after

men?

Digitized by

Google

ty6	'	Anno	ferrcr	Georgii	I. -c. 4.	£1719.

Times, of pay- mentioned; that is to fay, one full and equal fourth part therc-lneilt-	of on or before the feaft of the annunciation of the blefled Viigia

Mary which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feveq hundred and twenty two; one other full and equal fourth part thereof on or before the feaft of the nativity of ot. John Baptift which (hall be in the faid year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and twenty two j one other full and equal fourth paxi thereof on or before die feaft of St, Michael the arcfiaogd which (hall be in the faid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two; and the remaining full and equal fourth part thereof on or before the feaft of die birth of our Lord Chrift which (hall be in the faid year of our Lord one thouiand feven hundred and twenty two, in full payment and fatisfa&on of the faid fums, to be computed after the faid rate of four yeah land an half s ourchafe.

Company to XLVI. And whereas the faid corporation of the faid governor and pay one year** company of merchants of Great Britain, to manifeft their fincert in-

fuc^ofth^ ******* °f tfmg their iefi endeavours to take in, ’by purchafe or hit-4ong annuities^#****** at frites to be mutually agreed upon, as aforefaxi\ the asffiall not Jaid annuities new payable for and during the Jaid refiduary terms of be taken in. ninety fix years, eighty nine years, and ninety tune years, or few ejlatas or interejls therein as Jba/l compkatly make up the remainders of the faid terms of ninety fix years, eighty-nine years, and ninety-nine yearj, which Jhall be to come and unexpired at the refpefiive times of taking in the fame, are willing to pay fucb further Jum and Jams of good and lawful money ofG reat Britain, as the rate of one year’s pur-chafe to be computed upon fucb of the annuities lafi-mcntioned, as Jhall not he afiually pur chafed and be taken in within the time limited,JbaH amount unto; that is to fay, one hundred pounds for every fucb annuity, amounting to one hundred pounds per annum, and proportionally for every fucb greater or leffer annuity, which Jball not be Jo taken in, by purchafe or fubfeription, within the time before limited; the monies Jo arifmg to be alfo applied towards the difeharging the principal and interefl of the faid national debts and incumbranch which were incurred before the faid twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and fixteen: be it further eria&ed by the authority aforelaid, That the fame corporation (hall pay into the faid receipt of the exchequer for the purpofe aforefaid, and without any deduction, defalcation or abatement whatfoevef, fuch further fums of good and lawful money of Great BrjU as the faid rate of one year’s purchafe (hall amount unto, tij! all fuch of the annuities laft mentioned, as (hall not be ad taken in by purchafe or fubferiptions purfuant to this aft, on or before the faid firft day of March one thoufand feven huriated and twenty one ; the laid fums after the faid rate of one ydurs

Surchafe to be paid into the faid exchequer, at fuch times and y fr0*1 proportions as are herein after mentioned; that is to meat* fay, one full and equal fourth part thereof, on or before the'ftaft •or the annunciation of the blefled Virgi nMqry which (hall be ip th4year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred ah&‘t>^i$y .two* one other full and equal fourth part Oti

Digitized by LjOOQle

Anno fexto Georgn I. c. 4.	177

the feaft of thfc fiativity of St .John the Baptift which fhaJI be in the faid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two j one other full and equal fourth pan thereof on or before the feaft of St .Michael the Archangel which (hall be in the faid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two * and the remaining full and equal fourth part thereof on tor before the feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift which (hall be in the faid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, in full payment and fatisfadhon of the faid fums to be computed after tne faid rate of one year’s purchafe.

XLVJL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid* In cafe of fail-That in cafe the faid corporation (hall make failure in payment ure of pay-bf the faid fum of four millions one hundred fifty fix thoufand three hundred and fix pounds four (hillings and eleven pence, or JhaH He *-any part thereof, or of the faid fums to be paid after the faid rate gainft the tof four years and an halfs purchafe, or of the faid fums to be company, paid after thd faid rate of one year’s purchafe, or any of them, br any part thereof, at the refpedlive times herein before limited for payment thereof, or any of them, contrary to the true meaning of this aeft, then and in every or any fuch cafe and cafes, the money whereof fuch failure in payment (hall be made (hall and may be recovered in his Majefty’s name for the purpofe before-mentioned, by aeftion of debt, or upon the cafe* bill, fuit or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejl-min/ter, wherein no elioin, protection, privilege or wager of laW Ihatl be allowed, or more than one imparlance, in which adtion, hiD, fuit or information, it (hall be lawful to declare that the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fiflieiy, are indebted to the King’s majefty the money of which they (nail have made default in payment, according to the form of this ftatute, and have not paid the fame, which (hall be fufficient; ind in or upon fuch adfcion, bill, fuit or information, there (hall be further recovered for the purpofe aforefaid again ft the defendants, damage after the rate of five pounds per centu?n per anmimy For the monies fo unpaid contrary to this adt, and the faid corporation and their flock and funds (hall be and are hereby made rutted* and liable thereunto.

XLVIU. And for the better enabling the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their fucceffors, to raife money to be paid, for or in part of the faid fum of four millions one hundred fifty fix thoufand three hundred and fix pounds four (hillings and eleven pence, or for or in part of the faid fums to be paid after the faid rates of four years and an half*$ purchafe and one year’s purchafe refpedtively, or for parching or paying off all or any the annuities and debts to be taken, hi or paid off in purfuance of this adf, or for exchanging fot .	'

ready money the new exchequer-bills to be made forth, as hereafter in this ad* is mentioned, or for defraying the intereft thereof* or fof carrying on their trade and other necefiary occaGons : be it ftmhfcf enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall arid Company may

Vql.XIY.	N	may	make caiisot

Digitized by

Google

178	Anno	fexto	GeoRGII I. C.4*	[1717.

money from may be lawful to and for the faid governor and company of mem* merchants ofGrcat Britain, and their fucceflors, from time 10 9	time, as they (hall fee caufe, to call in or direCl to be paid from

and by their refpe&ive members for the time being, proportion-ably according to their relpeclive interefts in the capital flock or decks which do or (hall belong to the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and which (hall be hwreaf-°t f'bf1 ed, as aforefaid, or by opening books of fubferiptions, or hi Son1, oi^grant granting annuities redeemable by the fame governor and corn-annuities, &c. pany, and their fucceflors, or by any other method, ways and means as they (hall think proper, to raife any fum or fum* d money, as in a general court of the fame governor and compo-p	ny (hall from time to time be judged neceflary, and ordered to

fc>Xpay.0”*	in or raifed; and that all executors, adminiflraton,

guardians, truftees and mortgagees, (hall be indemniiied in paying, and are hereby impowered to pay in their refpedive pro-portions of the money lo called in or raifed ; and in cafe any pay?n their rTiem^er or members (hall refufe or negleCt to pay his, her flock \yC or their (hare of the faid money fo called for at the time or thno flopped, Scc. appointed for that purpofe, by notice inferted in the London Gazette, and fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, it fhall aid may be lawful to and for the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their fucceflors, not only to flop the (hare, dividend, annuity and profits, which (hall from time to time become payable to fuch member or members fo negleCUog or refufing, of the funds, docks, annuities or profits of the fad governor and-company of merchants of Great Britain, and to apply the fame, from time to time, for or towards payment of the (hare of the money fo called for, and which ought to have been paid by fuch member or members fo neglecting or refufing until the fame (hall be fatisfied, but alfo to flop the transfers of aflignments of the (hare and (hares of every fuch defaulter and defaulters, and to charge fuch defaulter and defaulters with in-tereft, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for the money fo by him, her or them omitted to be paid, from the time the fame was appointed to be paid until the payment thereof ; and that the (hare and dock, fhares and docks of fuch defaulter and defaulters (hall be liable to make good and anfwer the (aid monies fo appointed to be paid, and the intereft thereof, as aforefaid; and in cafe the principal and intereft, as aforefaid, (hall be unpaid by the fpace of three months, then the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, or their fucceflors, or their court of directors for the time being, (hall . have power to authorize fuch perfon or perfons, as they thall , think fit, to fell, aifign and transfer fo much of the faid dock or .docks of fuch defaulter or defaulters as will fatisfy and pay the fame, rendrina the overplus (if any be) to the proprietor: and the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britais, or their fucceflors, in a general court, from time to time, when they (hall judge their affairs will admit thereof, (hall or may caufe any fum or fums of money which (hall be fo called in, or

any

Digitized by LjOOQle

17*9-3 Am\o fexto Qeoroii I. c.4*	*7$

any part thereof, to be divided and diftributed to and among/l; the then members of that corporation, according and in proportion to their refpe&ive interefts in the capital flock or flocks of the fame; any former law or ftatute, reftridlion, or other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLIX. And for better enabling the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their fuccefiors, to raife money to be advanced for or in part of the faid fum of four millions one hundred fifty fix thoufand three hundred and fix pounds four (hillings and eleven pence, or for or*in part of the faid fums to be paid after the faid rates of four years and an halPs pur-chafe, and one year’s purchafe rcfpe&ively, or for purchaling or paying off all or any the annuities and debts to be taken in or paid off, in purfuance of this aft, or for exchanging the new exchequer-bills to be made forth by this^acft, or to defray the interell thereof, or fof carrying on their trade, and other necef-fary occafions: it is alfo hereby enaded-by the authority afore-faid. That if (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their fuc- Company may ceflors, from time to time (in cafe they (hall think lit) to bor- borrow money row or take up money upon any contracts, bills, bopds or ob- commonweal ligations under their common feal, or upon credit of their capi- or on credit of tal ftock or flocks, to be increafed, as aforefaid, or any part their capital thereof, at fuch rate or rates of intereft, for any time not lefs ftock, lor any than fix months from the borrowing thereof, as they (hall think ^ efi fit, and to give fecurity under their common feal, or by affign- months. it\g or transferring their ftock or flocks, or any part thereof, or otherwife, as (hall be to the fatisfadlion of the lenders refpec-tively.	0

L. And be it further enacted. That all bonds or obligations ^^harC# tinder the common feal of the faid company (hall charge as well the additmnal the annuity or annual fund and additional annuities or annual fund and ef-funds payable to the faid cpmpany by virtue of this a£t, as the fe&s of the prefent and additional flocks and other effe&s and eftates of the YaWe faid company for the time being ; and that all fuch bonds and and recover-obligations (hall be aflignable, and the monies thereupon (hall able as former be recoverable as effectually, and in as ample manner and form bonds, as any their bonds taken upon any former act might be afligned, or the money due thereupon might be recovered.

LI. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch contracts; bills, bonds, obligations or fecurities under the^^g^mpt-common feal of the faid corporation (hall notbe chargeable with duties, any the duties upon ftampt vellom, parchment or paper; any law or ftatute made or to be made to the contrary notwith^

(hading.

Lll. And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Tjle f1?0*1*?.. fo much money as (hall be called for by the faid governor and£* *n *ddi_ company of merchants of Great Britain from their refpe&ive tionai ftock of members, for pr towards any the purpofes before-mentioned; the company, (hall (if the faid governor and company think proper) be and be^* deemed an additional ftock of the faid governor and company,

N 2	and

Digitized by Google

t8o	» Anno fexto GeoBgii 1. C.4.

and (hall be written into the books of the faid Company, and each member thereof (hall have credit in the faid books for his or her proportion or (hare thereof; and that the members of the faid company, who (hall have a (hare or intereft in the flock or additional (lock of the fame company, (hall or may alTign and transfer the fame in the books of the fame company, in fuch or the like method, manner and form as are prefcribed by the a<5fc or ads of parliament and charter now in force, for affignments or transfers of original (lock to be made in the books of the fame company ; or may difpofe or devife the fame, or any part thereof, l>y will, in fuch manner and form as any (hare in the orighal (lock of the fame company is devifeable; nevertheless the tame But (hall not governor and company, or their fucceflbrs, in refpedl of fuch increafe their ftock which (hall or may be fo added or written in their books, yearly fund, t0 cnable them to make the faid payments into the exchequer, pr other the purpofes aforefaid, (nail not be entitled to any m-creafe of their annuity or yearly fund to be paid out of the pub-lick duties, revenues or incomes above-mentioned, or any of them; any thjng herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

The capita! LIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, and increafed That the faid prefent capital ftock of eleven millions (evenhun-y®a,jly f“nd . dred forty fix thoufand eight hundred forty four pounds eight ^ a perfonal" (hillings and ten pence, and the additions to be made thereun-eftate, and go to by virtue of this adt, and the faid annuity or yearly fund of to executors, five hundred eighty feven thoufand three hundred forty two and not liable pounds four (hillings and five pence, and the additions to be tachnSnt. niade thereunto by virtue of this adl, and the faid yearly fum of nine thoufand three hundred ninety feven pounds nine (hillings and fix pence, for charges of management, and the additions to be made thereunto by virtue of this adl, and the (hare and in-tereft of each and every particular member of and in the fame capital ftock, and the fame additions to be made thereiinto, and of and in the faid annuity or yearly fund of five hundred eighty feven thoufand three hundred forty two pounds four (hillings and five pence, and the fame additions to be made thereunto, and of and in the faid yearly fum of nine thoufand three hundred ninety feven pounds nine (hillings and fix pence, for charges of management, and the additions to be made thereunto, and every of them, (hall be and be adjudged, taken and accepted in conftrudlion of law, and in all courts of law and equity wbatfo-ever, to be a perfonal and not a real efiate, and (hall go to the executors or adminiftrators of the perfon or perfons dying and poflefled thereof, interefted therein or entitled thereunto, and not to the heirs of fych perfon or perfons, and (hall not be liable to any foreign attachments by the cuftom of the city of Londsn, or otherwife; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwith-( (landing.

Members may	^IV. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid,

transfer their That the refpedtive members of the fame corporation, who dull ftocks, h^yc a (hare or intereft in the prefent capital ftock or the increaf-

cd

Digitized by kjOOQle

ir? 19.] Anno fexto Georgii I. 0,4.	1S1

ed dock thereof, (hall and may aflign and transfer fuch his, her

or their (hare or intereft, or any part thereof (except as is other-

wife provided in this ad) in the books of the faid corporation,

in fuch or the like method, manner and form as are prefcribed

in and by the ad or ads of parliament and charter now in force

for afiignments or transfers of original (lock to be made in the

books of the faid corporation $ or (hall or may difpofe or devife or de?ife the

the fame, or any part thereof, by will, in fuch manner ind feme by will.

fprm as any (hare in the original (lock of the faid corporation is

devifeable.

LV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, '

That as well the faid prefent annuity or yearly fund of five hundred eighty feven thoufand three hundred forty two pounds four (hillings and five pence, as all the additions which (hall be made thereto by virtue of this ad; and the faid yearly futn of nine thoufand three hundred ninety feven pounds nine (hillings and fix pence, for charges of management, and all additions to be made thereto by virtue of this ad; and the (hares, parts pr intcrefts of the feveral members of and in the fame, and of and in the faid prefent capital (lock and increafed capital (lock pf the fame governor and company, and of and in the benefit of trade annexed thereunto; and the (lock in trade in money to be The whole Yaifed for any the purpofcs aforefaid, during the continuance of dock, &c. tax# the lame, (hall be and are hereby exempted from all taxes, rates trcc* and impofitions whatfoever by ad of parliament or otherwife ; any law or (latute made or to be made to the contrary notwithstanding ; and that Ao perfon, in refped of his being governor No perfon, for pr fub-govemor, deputy-governor, diredor, manager or a mem- attingpurfa-ber of the fame corporation, or for having any (lock or (hare ^fabled from therein, or by reafon of his being named or ading as a manager, ferving in par-diredor or otherwife, for taking the faid fubfcriptions, or for liament, nor taking in orders and tickets, or for any other matter or thing (ball inair a-to be by him done or performed by or in purfuance of this ad notauaUtv^ only, (hall be now or at any time hereafter difabled from being himteifc ^ * or continuing, or from being eleded or ferving as a member of parliament, nor be liable or fubjed to any penalty, forfeiture or difability prefcribed by any other ad or ads of parliament, for not qualifying himfelr to execute his truft upon or in purfuance of this ad, as perfons who (hall take or execute any office, or place of profit or truft, are fubjed and liable unto by any of the Jaws now in force ; and that every proprietor of any the annui- %very propii. lies or debts above mentioned may, notwithftanding his being etor(nrtwithZ in any of the faid offices or trufts, contrad for the price of his ftanding hi* annuity or fubfcribe fuch annuity or debt in any of the books to b*,nE mtrull-be opened ^nd kept as aforefaid, and receive his payment for fcrj^^s ^ the lame, as if he were not in fuch office or truft, fo as fuch nujtyf jcontrad with him for the price of his annuity be made by the other perfons intruded on behalf of the laid corporation, and fo as the faid fubfcription (in cafe he be a manager), be taken by two or more of the other managers for taking the fame fubfcrip*

tiofis £ and that no member of the fame corporation^ in refped Not fubjefl ta

^	tiie	Qf

Digitized by

foreign at tachmcnu.

The transfers not liable to any higher damps than now payable.

Counterfeiting the com-any’s Teal or is, felony.

182	Anno fexto GeoRGH I. C.4.	[1^19;

or of his fhare or (hares in the faid capital or increafed capital (lock, (hall be or be adjudged liable to be a bankrupt, within the intent and meaning of all or any of the (latutes made againft or concerning bankrupts; and tnat no (lock in the faid company (hall be fubjeft and liable to any foreign attachment by the cu-ftom of the city of London or otherwUe; any law, flatutc, ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

LVI. And it is hereby ehafted, That the transfers or alignments of the prefent capital (lock or increafed (lock, in the books of the faid company, (hall not hereafter be or be made liable to any higher or greater (lamp or other duties than are now payable for the fame ; and that if any perfon or perfons (hall forge or counterfeit the common feal 01 the fame company, or (hall forge, counterfeit or alter any bond or obligation under the com-mou feal of the fame company, or (hall offer to difpofe of or pay away any fuch forged. Counterfeit or altered bond, knowing the fame to oe fuch, or (hall demand the money therein contained, or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of the fame company or any of Iheir officers, knowing fuch bond or obligation to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with intent to defraud the fame company or their fucce(fets, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being convifted thereof in due form of law, (hall be guilty of felony, and (hall fuller death as a felon, Without bene-1 fit of clergy.

LVII. And it is hereby declared and enabled by the autho-&aifcontinue rity aforefaid. That the faid governor ahd company of mer-* for ever, and chants of Great Britain, and their fucceflors for ever, (hall re-

their fncreafed ma*n> continuc and be one body corporate and politick, by the t ieir increa e namc Qf tjle gOVernor company of merchants of Great Brt~

tain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and Fat encouraging the filhery, and (hall have, hold, receive and enjoy the (aid annuity or yearly fund of five hundred eighty (even thoufand three hundred forty two pounds four (hillings ahd (ivd pence, and the faid annuities or yearly funds which, purfuant to this acfl, (hall or ought to be added thereunto by way of in-crCafe as aforefaid, and the faid yearly fum of nine tnoufand three hundred ninety feven pounds nine (hillings and fix pence, and the faid yearly (urns to be added thereunto (by way of in-creafe for management) purfuant to this aft, until the laid annuities and yearly funds, and the faid yearly,Anns refpeftlvelf (hall be redeemed according to this aft, and (hall have, how and enjoy for ever ail their torts, faftories, acquifitions, laftds, tenements, hereditaments, foie benefit of trade in and to the South-Seas and elfewhere, with a perpetual fuccelSon, and all abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifps, exemptions,

f>rivileges, profits and advantages whatfoever, Whereunto thi ame governor and company are or before the making of this aft were entitled by any aft or aftsof parliament, grant or charter now in force (all which are by this aft ratified, confirmed and matte effeftual to them and their fucceflors) freed ahd difehargdd of

and

Corporation

lunds till the

redemption

tbcicof.

and their factories, trade and acquifi. fitions.

Digitized by

Google

17*9*3 Anno fexto Georgii I. c. 4.'	18$

smd from all former pro* i foes, powers, ads, matters and things wriiatfoever, for redeeming, determining or making void the lame, or any of them, fubjed neverthelefs to the provifoes and powers herein after contained for redeeming the faid prefent an* nuity and yearly fund of the fame governor and company, and all additions to be made thereunto, and the faid yearly lum of nine thoufand three hundred ninety feven pounds nine (hillings and fix pence for charges of management, and all additions to be made thereunto, at fuch time or times and in fuch manner and form, as are herein after fpecified in that behalf.

LVIIL Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed by the autho* After 14 June rity aforefaid. That at any time after the (aid feaft of the nativi- J7%7> 011 ty of Saint John Baptift which (hall be in the year of our Lord whole ca-one thoufand feven hundred twenty feven, upoA repayment by pital itock,&c. parliament to the faid governor and company of merchants of yearly fund. Great Britain, or their fucceflors, of the whole fum whereof &c* 10 <****• their faid capital (lock, with all the additions which (for taking in the faid annuities, debts and incumbrances) are to be made thereunto by way of increafe as aforefaid, fhall then confift, ac* cording to tnis ad, without any dedultioft, defalcation or abate*' ment whatfoever to be made out of the fame, or any part thereof, and upon payment of all arrears which (hall be then due at the rcfpedive rates aforefaid, or either of them, for or upon the then annuity or yearly fund of the fame governor and company to be increafed as aforefaid, and upon payment of all arrears of the (aid yearly fums for charges of management; ajl which arrears (it any fuch be) (hall be computed and paid to the quarterly feaft-day then next preceding, and from thence (hall be computed and paid ty the day, till the time of fuch full payment made of the capital (lock to be increafed as aforefaid, then the (aid annuity or vearly fund of the fame governor and company, payable as aforefaid, and the annuities or yearly funds which (hall be added thereunto purfuant to this all, and the faid

Ely fums to be allowed for charges of management as afore-, and every of them, (hall from thenceforth ceafe and determine.

LIX. And in regard it is intended, That at any time or times after the faidfeaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift which Jbail hi in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred twenty feven, the principal or fum total of the /aid capital and to he increafed Jlock of the fame governor ana company, confifting of eleven millions feven hundred forty fix thoufand eight hundred forty four pounds eight jhil-lings and ten pence* and the additions to be made thereunto as afore-faid* may be fat is fed to the faid governor and company by any payments (not being tefs than one million of lawful money of Great Britain at a time) > and that as the fame principal money fhall be paid of* the fend annuity or yearly fund of the fame governor and company* and the annuities or yearly funds to be added thereunto as afore* fsiiifbaO from time to time proportionqbly Jink and be abated: be it therefore further provided and ena&ed by the authority afore-

That at any time or times after the faid feaft of the nativi- After u june N 4	ty	i7%7$ on pay*

Digitized by LjOOQle

184	Anno fexto Georgii I. c. £	[1719*

mcnt of any ty of Saint John BaptHl which (hall be in the year of our Lord than001^4 one t^ou^anc^ ^cven hundred twenty feven, upon repayment by 1 >000,0001. a Parliament to the faid governor and company of merchants of proportion- Great Britain, or their lucceffors, of any turn or fums of money able part of (not being lefs than one million at a time) in part of the princs~ the annuities pai monjcs thereunto the faid capital with all the additions a cea e. tyhich, for taking in the faid annuities, debts and incumbrances,

1 Geo.*. c.$. are to be made thereunto by way of increafe as aforefaid, (ball ^Geo* c 16 Joint,y atI10Unt according to this a<5t, and upon payment of 1 Gep*.*a.Cc! 5.«arrearages then due to them at the refpeeftive rates aforefaid,

5	Geo.*. c.17. or either of them, for or upon their faid annuity or yearly fund

6	Geo. 2. c.25. increafed or to be increafcd as aforefaid, or fo much of thofe ar-$ Geo.*. c.34-rearageS as (hall bear a proportion to the principal fums from jo cai.c.i;. ^mc tQ t‘ime remaining unfatisfied, being computed by the day,

until the time of every fuch payment of psg*t of the principal re^ fpedtively; and upon payment of all arrearages then due for or upon the faid yearly fums for charges of management i then; from and after every fuch payment fo made to the fame governor and company, or their fucceffors, fo much of their faid an-i nuitv or yearly fund, increafed or to be increafed as aforefaid, as (hall bear proportion to the monies fo paid in part of the (aid principal, (hall ceafe, determine and be abated ; any thing in this or any former a6t or a<5ts of parliament contained, or o&er matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding. After redemp- LX. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enabled by the tionofthean- authority aforefaid, That from and after the redemption of the nuities, the faidr annuity or yearly fund of the faid governor and company of undeHtw>d^to m?rc^ants of Great Britain, and of the additional annuities or be redeemed yearly funds which are to be joined to the fame as aforefaid, and by parliament. t>f the faid yearly fums to be paid for charges of management as aforefaid, according to the feveral and refpe&ive provifoes or conditions of redemption in this acontained, of or concern^ ing the fame, then and not till then, fo much of the faid feveral duties, revenues and incomes as were by this a6t applicable thereunto during the continuance thereof, (hall be underftood to be redeemed by parliament, and (hall not be iflu.ed, paid or applied to any ufc, intent or purpofe whatfoever without autho-Butthecor- rity of parliament: ncverthelefs the fame corporation by the poration to name aforefaid (hall for ever remain, continue and be one body continue for corporate and politick, and (hall have, hold and cnjoy-all their ever.	forts, factories', acquisitions, lands, tenements, hereditaments,

foie benefit of trade in and to the South-Seas and elfefchere, tnd alfo all the lands, tenements and hereditaments that are or (hall be by them purchafed in Great Britain, not exceeding one thou7 land pounds per annum> with perpetual fucceffion, and all abilities, capacities,* powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits and advantages whatfoever, whereunto the governor and company are, or before the making- this were entitled by any act or a£h of parliament, grants or charter now in force ; all which, and all the claufes, matters and things (therein contained, now being in force, are by this adb ratified^ ..... '	  -	*	*	*	con-

Digitized by

)ogle

9-1 Anno fexto Georgii I; c.^	165

Confirmed and made effeftual to them and their fucceflors’; and Che laine governor and company and the members thereof, without having any (hare or intereft in the faid yearly funds, payments or annuities, or any of them, after the fame (hall be redeemed, (hall have and be entitled to the foie and exclufive benefits of trade in and to the Soutb-Seas and elfewhere, and fuclt |lower of trade in the fiftiery, as by any aft or afts of parliament now in force is directed, and all other benefits, powers, privi-	'	•

leges and advantages (the faid refpeftive annuities to them iflu-jng or pavable after fuch redemption as aforefaid, only excepted) as if no luch redemption were had or made; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXL And it is hereby declared and eoafted by the authority All things by aforefaid. That all and every the abilities, capacities, powers, any former authorises, exemptions, franchifes, privileges, profits and ad- or ch^' vantages whatfoever, and all pains of death and other penalties, to^ominue 9 iforfeitures, and drfabilities, and all rules, direftions, methods, for ever, articles, matters and things whatfoever, which by any former aft or afts of parliament, or any claufe or claufes therein, or any charter or charters under the great feal of Great Britain, are knafted, granted or eftablifhed to, for, touching or concerning the fame corporation of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of A-purica^ and for enepuraging the filhery, or their fucceffors, or the members of the fame. Or any perfon or perfons employed or to be employed under them (being in force at or until the time of making this aft, and not hereby determined or altered) (hall for ever continue and be praftifed, and be put in execution, for fecuring and paying the yearly funds, annuities and payments by this aft direfted, and lubjeft to the provifoes for redemption thereof in this aft contained, and alfo (as well after fuch redemption as before) for fecuring the pofleflions, trade and bu-finefe of the fame corporation, and for the advantage of them and att perfons employed and to be employed under them, in ali refpefts, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, cxempr dons, franchifes, privileges, profits and advantages, and the faid pains of death and other penalties, forfeitures and di (abilities, and the (aid benefit of trade, rules, direftions, methods, at-tides, matters and things were feverally repeated and at large re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft.

LXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That no- Not to hinder filing m this aft contained (hall obftruft or hinder, or be con- the payment ftrued to obftruft or hinder the payment of any part of the year- °* 700,0001. W fum of feven hundred thoufand pounds. Fettled during his Majcfty’s life (which God long preferve) for fupport of his Ma-jetty's nouflhold, and of tlje honour and dignity of the crown, or any part of the annuities granted by his Majefty to his royal or the annu(-highnefs the prince of ff'ales9 or his truftees, out of the fame, ties to the purfuant to afts of parliament in that behalf; or to obftruft or prince of iundcr the payment of the yearly fum of four thoufand pounds	*

f '	payablf*	*

Digitized by LjOOqIc

ann. for (he* riffs charges.

So many of

the pay-tickets as will

186	Anno fcxto Georgii L c. 41	[171^

payable by anv ad or ads of parliament out of part of the hid, aggregate fund to (heriffs of England and Wales, for defraying the charges of taking forth their letters patents for their relpec-tive offices, and pafTing their feveral accounts, and obtaining their quietus9s 5 any thing in this ad contained to the contrary, notwithftanding.

LXIII. And whereas feveral of the proprietors of the [aid pay-tickets belonging to the faid lottery of the year one thaufani [even Sun-<is as win	anj ten, which were not fubf&ibei purfuemt to the Jrid former

iUtire imiuTtv a8	inthat behalf%art er may be poffifed of at	, tf tbejaidpay-

in the lottery tickets belonging to the fame lottery, as (in cafe doe numbers thereof 1710, may be were not broken or interrupted) would entitle them feverally to an in-taken in,as if tiri annuity or annuities for the term of three and twenty years above-thereofwere mentioned: it is hereby declared and enaded by the authority a* not interrupt- forefaid, That in all cafes, upon producing fuch pay-tickets foe ed.	fo much as will make up fuch annuity or annuities for the faid

term of three and twenty years, the bearer or bearers thereof (hall be admitted to contrad for the price or prices of tive fam$ annuity or annuities, and fuch annuity or annuities may be tak-en in by purchafe or fubfeription purfuant to this ad, as if aQ the tickets for every fuch annuity for the faid three and twenty years were of the fame number without being interrupted or broken; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-r Handing.

LXIV. And whereas feveral of the proprietors of the food pay-tickets tnay have fold, aliened or difpofed of their interejl in one, two or three years fuateding payments of fiuo pay-tickets, part of theft comprehended tn the faid term of three and twenty yean: it is her** by provided and further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That or three years fuch proprietors, having all the other pay-tickets for the refidue payments, of the fay term of three and twenty years, may contrad for or theywholeCnbC	into	the	books	to	be	provided	in	purfuance	of	this

ad, that whole term of and in the faid annuity or annuities, and all the pay-tickets for the fame, paying to the perfon or per-fons to be appointed to receive and take in the faid pay-tickets the full amount of fuch pay-ticket or tickets fo fold, aliened or difpofed, in truft to pay and fatisfy fuch perfon or perfons as fhall have right to and be in pofleflion of fuch pay-tidtets, when the money for thofe tickets refpedively (hall be demanded, and delivering up all the reft 6f the pay-tickets for the term fo fub-feribed for, as in this ad is before preferibed; any thing therein •contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LX V. And whereas it bath fo happened, that the properties of trf Geo 1	ft™™! tickets entitled to benefits in the refpeftive lotteries fettled and

c. 3? Sc .5 Geo. tfablifhed by the before-mentioned two feveral afis of parliament pajf-1. c. 9. not ed in the fifth year of hi $ Majefy s reign have not been aijufied in adjufted, ma- manner as by the faid afts fuch benefit tickets ought to have been ad-Seethe famf Wf**' ^ Perfm P°JfcJftd thereof, their agents or ajfigns, not bav-by 15 Dec. appeared with the fame before the managers and directors of the 1710, &c. * faid lotteries within the time limited for that purpofe: be it therefore enaded by the authority aforclaid, That it (hall sod

may

Some proprietors of the pay-tickets having fold their mtereft in one, two

term, See.

Properties in the lotteries

Digitized by ^.ooQle

Ahnd fcxto GfioRGiiL c.4.	xjty

itiuy bfe lawful to and for fuch of the fame managers and dl-rcdors as the commiflioners of his Majefty*s treafury fhall think fit to appoint in this behalf, to fettle and adjuft the properties of ahy the tickets ih the faid refpedive lotteries that have not hitherto been fettled and adjufted $ provided the perfons poffeflcd of the faid tickets, their agents or afligns, do appear with the fame before the fame managers and directors, on or before the five and twentieth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty; arid the fame managers and directors, or fome or one of them, are hereby required to certify, not only the properties of and in all fuch tickets as fhall be claimed and adjufted before them, Within the time aforefaid, but alfo of and ih all fuch other tickets, the properties Whereof have been before claimed and adiuffed, but not certified, as the refpedive ads in that cafe have afteded and appointed; any thing in the faid ads . or either of them to the contrary notwithftandifig.

LXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, Company not , That if the fub-governor, deputy-governor, the diredors, ma- to Purc^aJe~ nagers, affiftantS, ot other members of the faid corporation of the governor and compatiy of merchants of Great Britain, trad- to the crown7 irig to the South-Seas and other parts-of America, and for encou- by way of an* raging the fifhery, fhall upon the account of the faid corpora- ticipation. tion, at any time or times, purchafe any lands or revenues belonging to the crown, or advance or lend to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrfc, any fum or fums of money by way of loan or anticipation, on any part or pans, branch or branches, fund or funds of the revenues now granted or belonging, or hereaf-tet to be granted or belonging to his Majefty, his heirs or ftic-ceffors, other than ftich fund or funds, part or parts, branch of branches of the faid revenues only on which a credit of loan is or (hall be granted by parliament, that then the faid fub-governor, deputy-governor* diredors, managers or afliftants, of other members of the faid corporation, who fhall confent, agree to or approve of the advancing or lending to his Majefty, hi* heirs or fucceflors, Tuch fum or fums of money as aforefaid, and feach and every of them fo agreeing, confenting or approving, and being thereof lawfully convided, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit treble the value of every fuch fum or fums of money fo Penalty for fo lent; Whereof one fifth part mail be to the informer, to be re- doing, covered in any of his Ma^jefty’s courts of record at Wejhninjler by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no protection, wager of law, effoin, privilege of parliament or other privilege fhall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance, and the refidue^o be difpofed of towards publick ufes as fhall be di-reded by parliament, and not otherwife.

LXVll. And whereas it is intended, Thai as well the above-men-tinned fum of four millions one hundred fifty fix thoufand three hundred and fix pounds four fhillings and eleven pence7 and every part thereof as the faicf fums to be paid after the rate of four years and i7 half's purchafe^ and alfo the faid fums to be paid after the rate of one year's pur chafe> and evtry of thtm% and every part thereof to6e

faid

Digitized by

Google

How tbe 4,156,306 L

i/ift fir receipt of the exchequer by the feud governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, as fafi as the fame /ball be paid into the find receipt, /ball be ijjued ana applied in manner following $ that is to fay, That out of tbe fir ft monies arifmg of or for tbe fetid jvrw.. faveral fums fo to be paid into the faid receipt, every or any of tbem9 4*. 11 d. and fuch pubtick debts and incumbrances carrying intereft or annuities after the fums to be the rate of Jive pounds per centum per annum, or more, incurred rate of four C ^fore fi™ an^ twentieth day of December one tbmfand /even year* and a hundred and fixteen, founded upon any former aft or alls of partia-halPs pur- ment in that behalf (not being part of the capital (loci or fund of the chafe and one faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain) as are now t*. redeemable, or may be redeemed at any ttme or times on or before the tflhcd andap-A* an^ twentieth day of December one thoufand feven hundred plied.	r twenty and two, Jball be redeemed and paid off in the firfi place; and

^Geo.i.ftat.a. that after the fame /hall be redeemed and paid off9 or moneyfiffiaent 9 Gcq* '*Q'6, Jball be referved in tbe exchequerfor redeeming and paying offthe fame, according to the true meaning of this afl9 then all the refly rtfidue and remainder of the faid fum of four millions one hundred fifty fix tboum fand three hundred and fix pounds four /hillings and eleven pencty and of the faid fums to be computed after the faid fcveral rates of four years and an halfs purchafe and one year’s purebafty and ef every of them, and of every part thereof \ as tbe fame refidues and remainders, from time to time9 /ball grow due from tbe fame governor and company, or their fuccejforsy and as the fame /hall or ought to be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer, Jhall be applied for .or towards paying off fo much of the capital fioch and inareafed capital flock of the fame governor and company as /ball then carry intereft after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum; and that upon every fuch payment, or referring money as afortftnd to make fuch payment, to tbe fame governor and company, a proportional part of their annuity or yearly fund•> or of their annuity or yearlyfund to be increofed as aforefaidy for which that rate is or Jball be payable• Jball ccofe and determine: now it is hereby .provided, enaded anq declared by the authority aforefaid, That the faid (everal fums of four millions one hundred fifty fix thoufand three hundred and fix pounds four (hillings and eleven pence, and tbe faid (everai fums to be paid after the faid rates of four years and an half s purchafe and one year’s purchafe, and every of them, and every part thereof, (hall be applied in fuch manner and form as are before-mentioned and intended for the application thereof (ov$r and above the monies of the (aid (inking fund by this ad directed to be applied for lettering publick debts ana incumbrances, )n fuch manner and form as are in this ad preferibed concerning the fame) and the commiflioners of the trcafiiry, or any three or more of them, and the high treafurer for the time being, are hereby djreded and authorized to caufe all the monies arifing of or for the faid fum of four millions one hundred fifty fix thoufand three hundred and fix pounds four (hillings ana eleven pence, and the faid fums to be paid after the rate of four years and an halfs purchafe and one year’s purchafe, and evay jpf them, apd every part thereof, tp bp applied in the manner

.

Digitized by

189

and form by this aft prefcribed touching or concerning the fame; and that upon every fuch payment, or referving fuch money in the exchequer to make fuch payment to the faid go- On every fuch vtmor and company of merchants of Groat Britain, a propor-	^_*

tional part of their laid annuity or yearly fund or increaied an-	the

nuity or yearly fund, for which the fyia rate of five pounds per lncreafed an-tentum per annum (hall be payable, for which fo much of their nuity toceafe. capital flock (hall be paid off, or for which money (hall be fo referred from time to time, (hall ceafe and determine* any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LX VIII. And whereas in and by an aft of parliament made in the 3 Geo. 1. c. 7# third year of bis Mijefifs reign, the monies to arife from time to time by certain furpluJjeSy exceffes and overplus monies therein fpeci-fiedy were appropriated for dtfcharging the principal and interejl of jucb national debts and incumbrances as were incurred before the five and twentieth day ^December one thoufand feven hundred and fixteetty and were declared to be national debtsy and were providedfor* by aft of parliament, in fuch manner and form as fhould be direfted or appointed by any future aft or afts of parliament to be difcharged tbei'ewith or out of the fame; which monies fo arifing by the [aid fur-pluses, exceffes and overplus moniesy are commonly called the finking fund, and the faid fundy commonly fo called the finking fundy is like to be very much increafed in confequence of this prefent afty by taking in feveral of the above-mentioned a/muities and debts, and fettling (in lieu thereof) upon the faid governor and .company of merchants of Great Britain, and their JkcceJforSy additions to their prefent annuity or yearly fund at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, until andfrom the faid feafi of the nativity of Saint John Bap-tijl one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven; and afterwards at the faid rate of four pounds per centum per annum, till redemption thereof according to this aft: npw it is hereby further declared Q . and enafted by the authoripr aforcfaid? That fo much of the ney"arjfing monies, as at any time or times before the faid feaft of the na- before 14. tivity of Saint John Baptift which (hall be in theyear of our Lord June 17*7. by one thoufand ieven hundred and twenty feven, mall arife by the laid furpluffes, exceffes and overplus monies, with the faid in- thc creafe thereof, as (hall or may remain in the exchequer after dif- fund, with the charging fo much as remains unfatisfied of the fum of five hun- Increafethcie-dred and twenty thoufand pounds, mentioned in an aft of the ^ain*aftcr fifth year of his Majefty’s reign for cancelling fuch exchequer- ™ otooo Lby bills as are therein fpecified, and after difeharging fuch pay-^Geo.i. c. ments as (hall be charged or chargeable on the faid linking fund, is completed, or the increafe thereof, by any other aft or afts of this feflion of a”d after dif-parliament, and after paying off fuch publick debts and incum- nienuc^argV brances carrying interelj, or any annuity after the rate of five ed on the pounds per centum per annum, or any higher intereft or annuity, finking fund, fourvied upon any former adt or afts of parliament in that be- define1* half (not being part of the capital (lock or fund of the faid go- drummer vernor and company of merchants of Great Britain) as may be 1727, redeemed before the faid feaft of the nativitv of Saint *[obn $ap-

Digitized by Google

Digitized by

Turns of 100,000 1. towards paying off part of the capital, carrying intereft at 5 I. per cent.

Claufe for calling in the prefent ex-chequer-bills remainingun-cancelled, a-mounting to £96,661!. ios*

Anno ferto Geo^gii L £.4.	[1719*

be applied at the end of every year, fo far as fuqh remainder of the (aid furpluflcs, excefles and overplus monies will from time to time extend, by even Aims of one hundred thoufand pounds at a time, for or towards paying off part of the capital ftock of the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain 5 which (hall carry the faid rate of five pounds per centum per am-num; and upon every fuch payment a proportional, part of their annuity or yearly fund payable at that rate for fo much of the faid capital (lock as (hall be fo paid off, from time to time, /ball ceafe and determine j and the faid commiflioners of the treafu-ry, ot any three or pnore of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are hereby directed and authorized to caufe the pKfc-nies fo arifing of or for the faid finking fund, other than and except as aforefaid, to be applied for or towards the paying off fuch publick debts and incumbrances, and for or towards paying off fuch part of the capital (lock of the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and reducing a proportional part of their annuity or yearly fund accordingly, any former law or (latute to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXIX. And whereas a great number of bills, commonly called exchequer‘bills, were made forth and tffued at the receipt of the exchequer by virtue cf former alls of parliament in that behalf \ and the far greatefl part of the faid bills fo made forth have fence been dif-charged and cancelled at the faid receipt, purfuant to the fame or other alls of parliament made for that purpofe, and particularly pr§-vifion was made by an aft of the fifth year of his Majefty's reign for applying the feum of five hundred and twenty thoufand pounds therein mentioned towards dtfcharging fuch bills, out of the faidfurpluffes, ex-feffes and overplus monies, commonly called thefinkingfund, part of which fum of five hundred and twenty thoufand pounds hath accordingly been applied, and the refidue thereof as it fhall come into the exchequer, will be applicable thereunto $ and after the application thereof the principal monies to remain due upon fitch of the faid biU$ as will then be in or out of the exchequer uncancelled and undifekarg-ed, will, by eft motion, amount unto eight hundred ninety fix thoufand fix hundred fixty two pounds ten fhillings, or therawouts, be-fides interefi on them, or feme of them: now it is hereby ena<51ed by the authority aforefaid. That the faid commiflioners of the trea-fury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being fhall, by publick notice in writing to be affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, and publifhed in the London Gazette, prefix a certain day by or before which all the faid re-fiduary bills fo eftimated to amount to eight hundred ninety fix thoufand fix hundred fixty two pounds ten (hillings, or thereabouts, (hall be brought in and delivered to fuch perfon or per-fons as the faid commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time beipg fh^ll appoint to receive the fame, at or near the faid exchequer, to be changed for new bills, as is herein after dire<51ed ; and that all fuch of the refiduary bills (landing out, as (Itall not be brought in upon fuch notice to be exchanged for new bills as afore&d,

within

Digitized by

*719.] Aijno fexto GeoROU I. c. 4.	191

*within the time or times thereby to be fignified, (hall lofe their currency, and no intereft (hall grow due thereupon after the <Jay to be prefixed as aforefaid.

LXX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Clarife for TThat the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or tnore of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall exceeding”^ caufe new bills to be prepared and made at the faid receipt of the ^me fam m exchequer, in fuch method and form as thty (hall think moil lieu thereof, convenient, for any fum or fums of money whereof the principal (hall not exceed the (aid fum of eight hundred ninety fix thoufand fix hundred fixty two pounds ten (hillings, adding thereunto the intereft-momes which (hall appear to be due thereupon 5 which new bills (hall be made forth to bear an intereft . not exceeding the rate of twopence per centum per dim; and the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or high treafurer for the time being, (hail caufe the faid refiduary bills to be cancelled and difeharged, and, as fail as the faid refiduary bills fhall be brought in, cancelled and difehareed, fhall caufe new bills in lieu thereof to be delivered to the refpec-tive bearers of the faid refiduary'bills, fo that for every principal fum contained in any the faid refiduary bills fo cancelled and difeharged, a new bill (of the new bills above-mentioned) containing the like principal fum fhall be delivered to the faid bear- * ers reipfcdtively; and that fuch new bills which fhall be fo delivered to any teller or tellers of the exchequer, as the bearers of any the faid refiduary bills, fhall (inftead of fuch refiduary bills fo brought in and cancelled) be placed in their refpedtive offices as fo much cafh.

LXXI. Provided always. That in cafe proof (hall be made On oath that upon oath of one or more credible witneffes before the lord chief <£***• baron, and other the barons of the coif, of his Majefty’s court have been lot of exchequer, or any of them, that any of the faid refiduary new bilh to be bills, amounting to eight hundred ninety fix thoufand fix hun- delivered in dred fixty two pounds ten (hillings, or thereabouts, were by ,iea thereof, cafuahy or mifchance loft, burnt, or otfterwife deflroyed before the fecond day oi 'Febtuary one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, and fhall by fuch oath afeertain the numbers and fums of fuch bill or bills -x and if thereupon the faid chief baron, and other the faid barons, or any of them, before whom fuch proof was made, (hall certify that he or they is or are fatisfied in fuch proof; that then and in every fuch cafe the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are hereby authorized to caufe a new bill or bills (of the new bills before-mentioned) to be delivered in lieu of the bill or bills fo certified to be loft, burnt or doftroyed, as if the original bill or bills were brought in and cancelled 5 provided the perfon or perfons fo receiving the fame do give fecurity to his Majefty (to the good liking of the perfon or perfons wno fhall be appointed to take in the old hills as aforefaid) to pay into the exchequer, for the ufe of the jmblick, fo much money as is contained in fuch new bill or bills,

2	in

Digitized by v^ooQle

South Sea company during ieven years from Midfutnmer 1710, willing to furnilh money for circulating thefe new bills at their own charge.

and a proportion of money for circulating other bills to be made forth.

AArio fextd GeoRGH I. c. f.

in cafe tfic original bill or bills fo certified to be lofl, burnt or deftroyed, be hereafter produced.

LXXIL And whereas the /aid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain (in confederation of the advantages which may peffe-bly accrue to them by increafeng as well their capital flocks as their annuity or yearly fund, and alfo their allowance for charges of management, upon fuch terms and conditions as are in and by this ae) preferibed in that behalf) are willing from time to time, during the term of /even years* to be reckoned from the feajl of the nativity of Saint John Baptife one thoufand /even hundred ana twenty% to fur-nijb, fupply and pay to fuch trufeees as Jhall be chofeh and confeituui, as is herein after mentioned, Jo much ready money in the lawful coins of this realm, as Jhall be fufficieni to enable fuch trufeees to exchange all fuch of the faid bills to be made forth by virtue of this aft, is Jhall be demanded at the publick ojjice of the faid trufeees, at any time or times within the faia term of)even years, by paying in fetch ready money upon every fuch demand, allthe principal monies contained m every Juch billy and the interefe which Jhall then be due thereof**, and Jo toties quoties, as often as any fuch bills Jhall be demanded) and are willing at their own proper cofe and charges to bear, defray and allow, out of the money fo to be Jumifbed from time io time, fe much as Jhall be fo paid by the faid trufeees, for interefe upon the btus fo demanded and exchanged from time to time, within or during the term lafe-mentioned $ provided the faid trufeees do from time to time, Upon exchanging of every futh new bill as afore [aid, take in the hill Jo exchanged, and Jhall feand poffejfed of the fame (as to the principal monies therein contained, and the interefe-monies to grow due thereupon, during the times they Jhall be in the hands or power of the faid trufeees) in trufe for the fend governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their fucccffors, and Jhall be anfwcrablc and accountable to them for the fame monies, or the value thereof in like bills* as is herein after-mentioned', and in cafe during this or any future fejfeon or feffeons of parliament any other all or alls of parliament he or Jhall be made, for making forth any further feum or fums in exchequer-bills to be circulated by trufeees at or near the exchequer, and to be current at any time or times within or during the Jaid^ term of /even years, or for any part of the fame term, at the faid exchequer, and in the publick revenues and taxes, upon credit of fuch fund or fecurity, or of fuch monies to be borrowed thereupon, as by authority of parliament Jhall be efeablijhcd or appointed to fupport the currency thereof, then and in rjery fuch cafe the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, for the confederation afore faid, are willing (from time to time during the faid term of /even years, or for fo much of that term as the faid exchequer bills to be made forth by fuch other or future all or alls of parliament, Jhall have a joint currency with the faid bills to be made forth by virtue of this alt, or be current together, or at the fame time) to furnijh, feupply and pay to fuch trufeees as Jhall be chofen or coiifeituted as in this all is afterwards mentioned, in the lawful coins ofhis realm, a proportional part of fuch ready money as Jhall be fufficient to enable the fame trufeees to exchange all or any tie bills which Jhall be fo current (whether they be tills made forth by

m

Digitized by v^ooQle

i93

tue of this 417, or by any other aft or efts of this or any future feffton of parliament) as often as arty fucb bill /ball be demanded withinthe , faid term of feven years, by paying all the principal monies contained in fuch bill* and the intereft which Jball upon every fucb demand be due thereupon, and fo toties quoties, as bften as the fame /ball be. demanded; which proportional parts /hall from time to time be after* tained and determined in manner following, (that is to fay) as the fum total of the principal monies contained in all the faid bills then uncamelled and uadi[charged/ball be to ten hundred thoufand pounds, fo the whole fum which at any time or times during the faid ternty /ball be necejfary and called for to fupport the currency of all the faid bills,

/ball be to the proportional part to be furni/btd by the fame governor and company towards fupporting fuch currency: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the faid commifiioners of Tteafury to his Majefty’s treafury, or any three dr more of them, or the name three* high treafurer for the time being (hall, on behalf of the pub-lick, name three fuch perfons as they (hall judge to be fit for£™|]^ executing the trufts relating to exchequer-bills in and by this circulating aft intended, and that the faid governor and company of mer- the new bills* chants of Great Britain, or their court of directors on their behalf, fha11 forthwith nominate three other perfons (being members of their own company, or.any others; as they (hall judge to be fit for executing the faid trufts in and by this aft intended y and that upon fuch feveral nominations the faid commif-fioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall and may, from time to time, by any writing or writings under their hands and feals (to be regiftred in the office of the auditor of the receipt of exchequer, and to be enrolled in the office of the clerk of the pells there) conftitute and appoint all the perfons which (hall be fd cbofen or nominated to be truftees for circulating exchequer-bills, with power to them, or any four or more of them, to receive as well the monies to be furniihed by the faid governor and company purfuant to this aft, as the monies which by any other or future aft or. afts of parliament (hall be ifTuable at the exchequer for fupporting the currency thereof; and that the truftees fo to be conftituted (hall keep an office at or near the exchequer to keep aii in Wtflmnfier> to which the refpeftive bearers of the faid bills °®cc a*or 1 may, at all feafonable times of the day (Sundays and holidays chequer! *** excepted), refort to have their bills exchanged for ready money upon demand.

LXXUL And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Company to the faid*governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, fumifti the and their fucccflors, or their court of direftora on their behalf truftees with (hall, and they arc hereby enjoined and required from time to ^clSation of time, during the faid term of feven years, to furnifh, fupply, the new bills, .and pay to fuch truftees as (hall be cholen or conftituted, as a- not exceeding foreraid, fo much ready money in the lawful coins of this realm, i ,000,000 U as (hallbe fuflkient to enable fuch truftees to exchange all fuch ** of th« faid bills to be made forth by virtue of this aft, as fhatly at tbe faid publick office of the faid truftes$, at a-

O

ny

Google

Digitized by

I$4

Truftees accountable to the company.

Anno fexto GeoRgh I. c. 4*"	[1719.

ny time or times within the faid term of feven ye®*s, by paying (in fuch ready money) upon every fuch demand, all the principal monies contained in every fuch bill, and the intereft which lhall then be due thereupon, and (b toties queries, as often as a-ny fuch bill (hall be demanded, fo as all the principal Turns to be contained in all the new bills to be made forth by virtue of this a& (in lieu of all the principal and intereft due upon the laid old bills) do not in the whole exceed ten hundred thou (and pounds; and the fame governor and company (hall at their own proper coft and charges bear, defray, and allow out of the money fo to be furnifhed from time to time, fo much as (hall be To paid by the faid truftees for intereft upon the bills fo demanded and exchanged from time to time, within or during the term laft mentioned.

LXXIV. And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforeiaid. That the faid truftees (haD, and they are hereby enjoined and required, from time to time, upon exchanging every fuch biH which (hall have been made forth by virtue of this a&, take in the biH fo exchanged, and (hall (tend pofiefted erf the fame (as to the principal monies therein contained, and the intoreft-mo-nies to grow due thereupon, during the times they (haU be in the hands or power of the faid truftees) in truft for the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain^ and their focceifors, and mall be anfweraUe and accountable to them for the fame principal monies, and the intereft-monies to grow due thereupon during the times they (hall be in the hands or power of the Oiid truftees, or the value thereof in kke bills, as is herein after mentioned, fums^be to beF LXXV. And be it further eroded by the authority aferefaid, iffued in ex- That in cafe during this or any future fcfiion or feffions of par-chequer bills, 1 iament, any other ad or ads of parliament be or Adi be made then the com- for making forth any further fum or Anns in exchequer-bills to nffl/a^opor-	by	truftees	at	or near the exchequer, and to be

tional part of currcht at any time or times within or during the faid term of ready money feven years, or for any part of the fame term, at the bid exchc-to the truftees <juer, and the publkk revenues and taxer, upon credit of fuch iorfcveoyews, fund or fo^nty, or of fuch monies to be borrowed thereupon, as by authority of parliament (hall be eftablifticd or appointed to fupport the currency thereof $ then and in every fuch cafe, the (aid governor and company of merchants of Girat Britain, and their fuccefibrs, for the confideration aforefaid (hall, and they are hereby enjoined and required, by themfclve% their court of diredors for the time being (from time to tune* during the faid term of feven years, or for fo much of that term as ;	the faid exchequer-bills to be made forth Ity fuch other or future

alt or ads of parliament, (hall have a joint currency with the bid bills to be made forth by virtue of this aft, or be current together or at the fame time) to fumifti, fupply, and pay to fuch truftees as (hall be chofen or conftituted by this ad, as aforefaid , in the lawful coins of this realm, a proportional part of fuch ready money a* (haU be fuffirieat to •enable the fane t*»-

ftce*

Digitized by Google

1719*1	Anno icxto Georgii I. C.4:	195

flees to exchange all or any the bills which (hall be fo current ( whether they be bills maae forth by virtue of this aft, or by * any other a ft or a fts of this or any future feflion of parliament) as often as any fuch biljs (hall be demanded within the faid term of (even years, by paying all the principal monies contained in fuch bills, and the intereft which (hall upon every fuch demand be due thereupon, and lb tcties quotiex, as often as the fame (hall be demanded, which proportional parts (hall, from time to'time, be afcertained and determined in luch manner and form as are before mentioned in that behalf; and that the fame governor and company (hall, at their own proper cods and charges, bear, defray, ana allow out of the faid proportional money fo by them to be fumifhed from time to time, a like proportion of the monies which (hall have been paid by the faid trudees for intered upon the bills fo demanded and exchanged (whether they be bills made forth by virtue of this aft, or by any other aft or afts of this or any future feflion of parliament,) (as aforefaid) within or during the laid term of feven years: neverthelefs the faid trudees, upon cxcRanging the (aid bills (during the time of fuch joint currency, as aforejaid) or any of them, (hall be and are hereby obliged to take in the. dime bills fo exchanged, and to be anlwerable and accountable to the faid governor and company of merchants of Griat Britain, and their fuccedors, for fuch part of the principal fums contained therein, and the intered-monies to grow due thereupon, during the times they (hall be in the hands or power of the faid trudees, as (hall bear a jud proportion to the coined monies which the fame governor and company (hall have fur-nifried and advanced for or towards the exchanging of the fame, which proportions of the principal fums fo paid by way of exchange, from time to time, and of the intered lad mentioned, ifcaJl and may be made good to the faid governor and company out of the fame, or other exchequer-bills then current, as is herein after mentioned.

LXXVL And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That after the choofing and conftituting fuch trudees as a- once \n 1+ forefaid, during the faid term of feven years, they the faid tru-day* deliver to dees for the time being, (hall once in every fourteen days at the the treafury fart heft, make up and deliver, as well to the commiflioners of accounTs^f^ I the treafury, or high treafurer for the time being, as alfo to the the monies iaid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, or fumifhed for to their court of direftors, or their cathier for the time being, exchanging ^ a juft, true and perfeft account in writing, figned by the faidbiU,, &c* tntftees, or four or more of them, of all the monies or proportions of money, which within the time of every fuch account ihaH have been foraUhed to them the faid trudees for or towards rirctrfathig or exchanging the faid exchequer-bills, or any of them* or for payment of intereft thereupon, diftinguiftling how much thereof (nail have been fumi(hed by or on the behalf of the fame governor and company, and how much thereof (if any) (hall have been fumi(hed on account of the publick, pursuant to any other or future aft or afts of parliament in that be-

Oa	half*

for this purpose.

Anno fextoGfioKGii I. C.4I	£1719.

half; and how much of the fame money furmfhed by the fame governor and company, (hall or ought to be bom or allowed by them for intereft, or tor the proportional part of intereft which they (hall or ought to bear at their own charge, according to the tenor and true meaning of this aft; and (hall together with every fuch account deliver to the fame governor and company, or to their court of directors, or their cafhier for their ufe, fa many exchequer-bills then current as by the monies then doe thereupon (hall amount to the total of the principal fums contained in the bills which were fo exchanged by or with the money or proportions of money furni(hed by the fame governor and company, as aforefaid.

T -	LXX	VII.	And for better preferving the credit and currency if

make'calls on *be fed bills to be made forth by virtue of this or any other nr futm the company at1 or afts^ as aforefaid, it is hereby further enafted by the ib-thority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflloners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, upon receiving anjac-count or accounts, as aforefaid, from the faid truftees by any notice in writing to be given or left at the publick office of the fame governor and company, to call for and require fuch Anns, from time to time, to be furniflied and paid by them to the faid truftees for the exchanging and circulating the faid bills, or for their proportion thereof (not exceeding one hundred thousand pounds at a time) as the (aid commiflloners of the tneafory, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being (hall, from time to time, judge to be neceflaiy in that behalf; and that the faid fums (o called for (hall, from time to time, be furnifhed by the fame governor and company, accordingly, within four days after every fuch notice given or left.

LXXVIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid , That the truftees to be conftituted as aforefaid (being from time to time furnifhed with money of the lawful coins of this realm, for the purpofe aforefaid, according to the purport and true meaning or this aft) (hall, and they are hereby enjoined and required at their faid publick office to exchange for ready money all fuch of the faid bills to be made forth by virtue of this or any other or future aft or afts of parliament, as aforefaid, as from time to time, or at any time or times within or duriag the faid term of feven years, (hall be in the hands of any periba or perfons, and within the fame term (hall be demanded of the fame truftees, or at their publick office, to be exchanged for ready money, by paying unto all fuch perfon and perfons in ready money, the principal fum or fums for which fuch bill or bills fo required to be exchanged (hall have been iflued, or which the owner or owners of fuch bills (hall be entitled unto by the fame bill or bills refpeftively, together with intereft which (hall have grown due thereupon, for any time or times within the (aid term of feven years, and (hall at the time of any fuch demand be dse on fuch bill or bills refpeftively, and fo Mies quoties, as often as fuch bill or bills (hall be jkmandfd, as aforefaid, within tbe&id 4erm pf feven years.

LXXIX. And

Digitized by Google

Truftees to exchange for ready money at their publick office all bills brought to them.

197

LXXIX. And it is hereby enabled, That any perfon or per- ^eacjy moncy Tons, bodies politick or corporate, having in his or their cuftody may bede-any of the faid exchequer-bills to be made forth by virtue of manded for this or any other future aft or afts, as aforefaid, upon which fix bills on which months intereft, or more, (hall, be due aftd unpaid at any time	due]

or times during the faid term of feven years, (hall and may, from time to time, demand and receive of and from the faid truftees for the time being (they being furniftted with money, as afore-faid) all the intereft fo aue and unpaid, which the fame truftees % are hereby directed and required to pay and difcharge accord-

And it is hereby further enafted by the authority Perfons con-aforefaid, That no governor, fub-govemor, deputy-governor or cerncd in cir-direftor of the faid South-Sea company, or any or the faid tru-	”ot

flees, or other perfon or perfons whatfoever, who (hall be in- beingmem-111 trufted or any ways concerned in or about the circulation or bers of pariia-exchanging of the faid exthequer-bills, or any of them, purfu- mcnt,or liable ant to this aft, (hall for that caufe only be difabled from being ato be bank-member of parliament, or be adjudged liable to be a bankrupt 'within the intent or meaning of all or any of the ftatutes made againft or concerning bankrupts; any law, ftatute or provifion to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXXI. And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Thefe bills to faid. That all and every the exchequer-bills to be made forth, bc current in as aforefaid, and to be current at any time or times, within the ■ rcvcnU€* laid term of feven years, (hall be received and taken by, and (hall pafs and be current to all and every the receivers and col-leftors in Great Britain, of the cuftoms, excife, or of any revenue, fupply, aid or tax whatfoever already granted, due or payable, or which (hall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable to his IVJajefty, his heirs or fucceflors, and (alfo at the receipt of the exchequer, from the faid receivers or colleftors, or from any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, making any payment or loan there to his Majefty, his heirs or fi}C£efior$, for or upon any account, caufe or occafion whatfoever, according to the purport and true meaning of this aft: and jf rcct\ve& at that fuch of the fame bills as (hall be fo received at the exche- theexefaequer, quer (hall and may be locked up, and fecured as cafh according to be locked to the courfe of the exchequer fettled and eftablifhed by law, as. ca(h* for locking up and fecuring money in fpecie received there; and outo^onev* that all and every the receivers and colleftors in Great Britain, jn their hand# of the cuftoms, excife, or any revenue, aid, tax or fupply what- to exchange foever, already granted, due or payable, or which (hall or maytbc hUb* hereafter be granted, due or payable to his Majefty,'his heirs or fucceflors, (hall and are hereby direfted and required, out of any current coined money, as (hall then be in his or their hands of fuch revenue, aid, tax or fupply, to pay fuch of the fame bills as (hall be brought to them refpeftively, by any perfon or perfons defiring to have money for the fame; and in cafe any fuch Receivers rereceiver or colleftor (hall refufe or negleft to exchange fuch bills fufmg, m^y for ready njoiiey, by the fpace of four aod twenty hours, then bc fued»

03

the

Digitized by v^ooQle

ig$	AnnofextoGEORGiiI. C**	ZT7J9*

the perfon or pcrfons demanding the fame, (haH br may bring an action of debt or on the cafe, for the principal and intereft-monies due upon fuch bill or bills, againft fuch receiver or collector having money in his hands, as aforefaid, in which adbm the plaintiff (hall or ir&y declare, that fuch receiver or colte&ar is indebted to fuch plaintiff in the money demanded upon every v fuch bill according to the form of the ftatute, and hath not paid the fame, which (hall be fufficient; and the plaintiff in every Jbdi a&ion (hall recover againft the receiver or collector not only the monies fo refufed or neglected to be paid, bat alfo his damages, with full cofts of fuit, and fuch receiver or collector (hall be fob-jeCt and liable thereunto; and in fuch aCtion no effbin, prelection, privilege or wager of law (hall be allowed, or more than oue imparlance, and upon payment of the monies fo to be recovcrtd,

. the plaintiff, his executors or afligns, (hall deliver up fuch bib to the defendants, his executors or afligns.

Tallies to be LXXXII. And be it further enaCted, That as any of the faid ft ruck for fuch bills to be made forth by virtue of this or any other or future a® bills lent into or aCts, as aforefaid, (hall at any time or times hereafter, with-theexchcquer. ]n 0r during the faid term of feven years, or within or duriig any part of that term, be paid or lent into the exchequer by any his Majefty’s receivers, or other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, making any payment or loans at that receipt, the officers there (hall caufe tallies to be levied and delivered to the payers or lenders, as amply and effectually, to ali intents and purpofes, as if they had made fuch payments or loans in fpecie.

Intereft due LXXXIII. And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That on the bills to the intereft which (hall from time to time, be due upon any the be allowed by bills fo to be current, as aforefaid, (hall bellowed to ail perfons, receivers, &c. bodies politick and corporate, paying the fame to any receiver or collector, receivers or colle&ors, of any his Majerty’s revenues, aids, taxes or fupplies, or* by way of exchange, as aforefaid, or paying or lending the fame into the exchequer, as aforefaid, to the refpeCtive days whereupon fuch bill or bills (hall be fo piud, exchanged or lent.

>	.	LXxXIV.	Provided	always,	That no intereft (hall ran or

the billshi ^the	Palc* uPon or ^or any bill or bills during the time that

receivers any fuch bill or bills fo paid, exchanged or lent, (hall remain hands,orinthe in the hands of any the faid receivers or colleftors, or in the exchequer, hands of any teller or tellers of the exchequer, but for fuch rime the intereft on every fuch bill (hall ceafe, and the laid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain (hall not be obliged to bear or pay any part or proportion of the intereft fo faved. Pcrfons a	LXXXV. And to the end it may be known for what time

ing bills toie-	bills bearing intereft (hall, from time to time, remain in the

ccivcrs, See. to hands of fuch receiver or collector, or in the exchequer afore-intlorfe their .faid: be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the names, and perfon or perfons who (hall pay any fuch bill or bills bearing intereft to any receiver or collector of any his Majefty’s revenues, aids, taxes or fupplies, by way of exchange or otherwife* or (tall

pay

time when pafd m;

Digitized by L.ooQle

17*9-] AnnofcxtoGEORGH I. c. 4.	igq

pay or lend fuch bill or bills fo bearing intereft into the exchequer, as aforefaid, (hall at the time of making fuch payment, exchange or loan* on each bill bearing intereft, and fo paid, exchanged or lent, put his or their name or names, and write there-upon in words at length, the day of the month and year in which he, (he or they fo paid, lent or exchanged fuch bill or bills bear-: ing intereft, all which the faid receivers and collectors refpeCt-ively, and alfo the refpeCfcive tellers in the exchequer, (hall take : care to fee done and performed accordingly, to which refpeCtive days the faid receivers and collectors fhall be allowed again the : intereft which he, (he or they (hall have allowed or paid upon fiich refpeCtive bill or bills, upon his, her or their paying the £une into the receipt of exchequer, as aforefaid.

LXXXVI. Provided alfo, and be it hereby further enaCted Ami the time by the authority aforefaid. That the faid bills, or any of them, ofre-ifluingto may be re-iffued and paid again out of his Majcfty’s exchequer, be alfoindorf-and when the fame (hall be re-iflued or paid again out of his Majefty’s exchequer, the refpeCtive teller there, from whofe office fuch bill or bills bearing intereft (hall be fo re-iffued or again paid out, (hall indorfe on the fame bill or bills fo re-iffued, in words at length, the day of the month and year in which the lame were fo re-iffued or repaid out of the faid exchequer, and alfo on what account the fame were laft received into the receipt of exchequer, and fign the fame, from which time the intereft of fuch bill or bills fo re-iffued or paid again (hall revive, and fuch bill or bills (hall again run and pa(s at intereft, as the fame did before they were paid unto or exchanged by the faid receivers or colledors, or before the (ame were paid or lent into the exchequer, as aforefaid.

LXXXVII. And it is hereby enaCted, That the fame bills Bills re-ifliied to be re-iffued from time Uptime, or at any time at the exche- to bear the quer, as aforefaid, (hall be fo re-iffued for the principal money feme inferefl: to be contained therein, and for fo much intereft as was due cn p thereon, and allowed by the teller at the refpeCtive time and times when fuch bill and bills were laft paid into the exchequer.

LXXXVIII. And be it enaCted, That every receiver general Rccc;yfrt ^ of any the revenues, aids, taxes or fupplies, belonging or to be- neral to keep long to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, (hall keep a fair book books for en-or books of accounts in writing, of all the monies by him re- tr}nZ ali .m°-ceived, in which be or his deputy or deputies (hall truly enter on !^a?tyof all the fums which (hall have been received by him or them, I0Qi. y for every fuch revenue, aid, tax or fupply, together with the names of the feveral collectors from whom the fame or any part thereof was received, the days when, and the fums paid, how much thereof in money, and how much in fuch exchequer-bills, and what exchequer-bills (hall have been exchanged by every fuch receiver general, purfuant to this aCt, to which accounts every perfon concerned (hall have free accefs at all reasonable times, without fee or charge, and the (aid accounts (hall constantly lie qfrn at one certain place within the limits of hU receipt for that purpofe 5 *nd if fuch receiver (hall uegleCt to keep

O 4	fuch

Digitized by

Google

*oo

Anfto fexto Georgii I. c.4.	CI7I9-

fuch book or books, or to enter therein any fum or fums of money by him or them received and paid, as aforefaid, by the foace of three days after the receipt or payment of the fame, or (hall re-fiife any perfon or perfons concerned to infpedt fuch book or books without fee or chaise, as aforefaid, every fuch receiver for every fuch offence (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame, to be rcay yered by adion of debt or on the cafe, bill, fuit or information, in any of his Ala jetty’s courts of record at Wejlmnftir, wherein no elfoin, pretedion, privilege or wager of law (hail be allowed, or any more than one imparlance.

Bin* filled up LXXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the by indorfe- Y authority aforefaid. That in cafe any of the exchequer-bills, meat*, trea- which (hall be made forth by virtue of this ad, (hall be filled fUI7utp	up by writing, or endowments to be made thereon, as afore*

one*.ntW faid, or Audi by any accident be defaced, it (hall and may be lawful to and fpr the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, and he and they are hereby authorized and enjoined (by their or his diferetions) from time to time, tocaufe new bills to be made forth at the receipt of the exchequer, in lieu of fuch bills which (hall be fo filled up or defaced, which bills fo filled up or defaced (hall be cancelled at the receipt of exchequer, and kept there on a file or files for that purpofe, and fuch bills fo to be made forth in lieu thereof, (hall have a like curreficy, and (hall in all refpeds be fubje<5t to the fame rules, methods and continuance as the bills fo filled up or defaced were intended to have by this ad, arid (hall bear the fame numbers, dates, and principal fums, and carry the like intereft, as were bom and carried by the bills k> cancelled refpedively. wui	XC.	And	it	is	hereby	enaded,	That	for	the greater cafe and

fum* not ex- ^ifpatch of the publick bufinefs at the exchequer, it fbsUl and ceeding 5000I. may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of the treafury, or each, may be any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time ifTued, See. being, and he or they are hereby authorized and enabled (in cafe he or they (hall fo think fit) at the requeft of the faid court of directors of the governor and company of merchants of Greet Britain for the time being, to caufe exchequer-bills for any large fums not exceeding five thoufand pounds each, to be made forth at the receipt of exchequer, and to be placed as caffi io the fame receipt in lieu of the like value of the principal contained in exchequer-bills, made forth by virtue of this ad for letter fums, which at the time of making fuch large bills (hall happen to be in the faid receipt, which (hall be at the fame time cancelled and difeharged, and be kept there on a file for that purpofe, which new bills for fuch laree fums (hall or may be ittfued at the faid receipt, and have the lame currency, and in all refpeds be fubjed to the fame rules, methods, continuance, and carry the like intereft, and have the fame fecurity, benefit and advantages, and the fame pains of death, and othpr pains, penalties and forfeitures, for any crime or offence relating tfiereumo,

* ffciil

Digitized by

Google

201

17*9*1 Anno fcxto Georoii t. Ci-4^

(hall be infiifted, incurred and put in execution, as if they had been bills originally ifliied by virtue of this aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XCI. And it is hereby enafted bv the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or Mrfons lhall forge or countertdt any ex- cF,°erg’nef.^{ chequer-bills, which (hall be made forth by virtue of this aft, or be renewed or made forth in purfuance of this aft, or any endorfement or writing thereupon or therein, or tender in payment any fuch forged or counterfeited bill, or any exchequer-bill made forth by this aft with fuch counterfeit endorfement or writing thereupon or therein, or (hall demand to have fuch counterfeit bill, or any exchequer*bill with fuch counterfeit endorfement or writing thereupon or therein, exchanged for ready money, by any perfon or penons, body or bodies politick or cor-porate, who (hall be obliged or required to exchange the fame, purfuant to this aft, knowing the bill fo tendred in payment, or demanded to be exchanged, or the endorfement or writing thereupon or therein, to be forged or counterfeit, and with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, or the faid truftees, or any of them, or any other perfon or perfons, body politick or corporate, then every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending (being thereof lawfully convifted) (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, withoqt benefit of clergy.

XCII. And it is hereby further enafted. That the faid truftees (hail from time to time Jxave the ufe and cuftody of one Truftees to part of all the cheques, indents or counterfoils of all the exche- quc^&lof* quer-bills to be current on this aft, and from which the faid ^e bills, to be bills lhall be cut, in order to prevent their being impofed upon delivered back by counterfeited or forged bills; and that fuch parts of the faid a* ^ enci °f cheques, indents or counterfoils (hall be delivered back into the receipt of the exchequer by the faid truftees for the time being, y at the end or fooner determination of the faid term of feven years.	*

XCIU.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted. That as n0 mtereft to often as any mtereft upon the exchequer-bills to be made forth, a leffer fum by virtue of this or any other or further aft or afts, as aforefaid, than a penny, (hall be demanded to be paid by the faid truftees for the time

being, they (hall not be obliged to pay for fuch intereft to any lefler fum than one penny upon fuch bill, in cafe a finele bill be produced for payment, or for the total of the intereft of fuch bills, where two or more (hall be offered at one time by the fame perfon; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XCIV.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby declared and enafted jf pr0vifionbe by the authority aforefaid. That if at any time or times hereaf- by par-ter provifion (hall be made by authority ot parliament of fo much liament of mo-money, in the lawful coins of this kingdom, as (hall be fufficient ncY todif-

fo pay off and difeharge all the principal and intereft which bU^orany fhall be due upon the faid exchecjuer-billls to be made forth by part’ thereof,

. ..	'	virtue	the fame to be

Digitized by

Google

Anno fexto Georgii L c.4.	[1719,

applied there-virtuc of **» “ afontoor any proportion thereof a* a time; and if by like authority the Curie coined monies lhall be a&ually brought and paid into the receipt of exchequer for that purpofe, then the fame (hall be applied for or towards the pay* ing off and difcharging die lame bills, or fitch proportion thereof, fo far as fuch money will extend, by paying to the refpe&ve bearer or bearers of the lame bill or bills then Handing out* the principal and interell which lhall be due thereupon, and by placing the lame coined money, or any part thereof, in lieu cf any the faid exchequer-bills to be mack forth by virtue of this alt, which (hall then be in the office or offices of any teller or tellers of the exchequer to anfwer fuch payments, whereunto dm fame bills fo remaining in fuch office or offices (ball then be legally fobjeli or liable; which payments lhall beanfwered with the fad / money in fpecie, under fuch penalties, forfeitures and difahilmcs as are prescribed by any former laws or ftatutes concerning die money for which roch bills did lie in the exchequer, to prevent the diverting or milapplying the fame; and from and after fuck payments to the bearer or bearers, or fuch placing of money in lies of bills in the faid office or offices of the faid Seller or tellers to anfwer fuch payments, as aforefaid (and not fooner) the feveral and refpdtive bills themfelves which (hall be fo paid off, or for which coined money lhall be fo placed,' lhall be cancelled; and the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their fucceffors lhall repay to the refpe&ive tellers lb much interell as remained due upon the fame bills refpedively, at the time or times when they were lad paid into the exchequer before the cancelling thereof; any thing in this or any former alt or alts of parliament to the contrary notwithltanding.

If the bill* be XC V. And be it enalted by the authority aforefaid. That if not difeharged before the faid twenty fourth day of June one tboufand /even by 24 June hundred and twenty feven, coined money lhall not be railed and i7i7.they(hall brought into the exchequer, fufficient to pay off and difeharge by th^finlun1 t^le cxcbequer-bills which lhall be made forth by virtue fund. n ng°f this alt, that then and in fuch cafe, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, the faid exchequer-bills to be made forth by virtue or this all, or fo many of them as lhall not have been paid off and difeharged by fuch coined money, as aforefaid, (hall be and are hereby charged upon and made payable by and out of the firft money which lhall, after the faid twenty> fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty (even, arife into the exchequer for or by the aforefaid furpluffes, excefles, and o-verplus monies herein before denominated the finking fund, or by or out of monies to be raifed thereon by way of loan* after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, and the fame bills, or fuch of them as (hall fo remain unfatisfied, lhall be cancelled and difeharged In fuch manner as the commiflioners of the treafury, or three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being (haft tiirclt; anv former law or liatute to thecontrary nQtwithftandwg,

XCVI. Pro-

Digitized by LjOOQle

xyig.J AnnosfcteoGeorgiiI. c.4.	103

XCVI. Provided always, and be it cnafted, That the court D- „	..

of direftors of the (aid governor and company of merchants of ^nLuof'the Great Britain, for the time being, (with the confent and appro- treafury m3y, bationof the commiffionefpof the treafury, or any three or more.aftarthefeflioii of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, and not o- °^Pa^J?,TJe,lt therwife) may at any time' or times after the end of the feflion "t£cr of parliament whkh (hall next happen after the twenty fourth i7n, day of June one thousand feven hundred and twenty one, by writing to be flgned by the feqretary of the fame court, and to be affixed upon the exchange of London, and by publication in declare, that the London Gazette, declare and direft, if they lhall fo fee caufe, the bills to be and think fit, the faid bills to be made forth by virtue of this aft, aft/aia/ or any number or part of them, to carry a higher intereft than carry a higher the faid rate of two pence per centum per diem* for fuch time or rate ot intereft. times as (hall be mentioned in fuch writing or writings and publication, as aforefaid, fo as the whole intereft on fuch bills do not exceed the rate of three pence per centum per diem: and for Treafury at the greater accommodation and eafe of paying the bills to be the requeft of made forth by virtue of this ad, or any of them, to the recei- the company vers and collectors of the publick revenues, and into the receipt ?ayh™*c of exchequer, the faid commiffiooers of the treafury, or any three without bearer more of them,.or the high treafurer for the time being, have *mg intereft. * hereby power, at the requeft of the faid court of directors of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain for the time being, to make forth, or caufe to be made forth, any of the faid exchequer-bills to be made forth by virtue of this aft, without bearing any intereft; yet neverthelef9 thofe bills fo made forth without bearing any intereft, may from time to time, be made to carry fuch intereft not exceeding the faid rate of three pence per centum per diem, as the court of directors of the fame company (hall by writing figned by the faid fecretary, and to be affixed upon the exchange of London, and pubiUhed in the London Gazette, fignify and declare in that behalf.

XCVII. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority f-aforefaid, That if at any time or times before the faid twentyfourth day of June one thouland feven hundred and twenty feven, any further exche-cxchequer-bills, or bills in the nature of exchequer-bills, (hall quer-bills be be made forth or be current in the publick revenues or exche- ma<*c torth b7 tjuer of Great Britain, or any part thereof, by authority of par- {JJ1 ^pany liament (other than and except fuch exchequer-bills as (hall be (hall not be o-xnade forth by virtue and in purfuance of this aft; and other bliged to ex-than and except fuch exchequer-bills, or bills in the nature of change them, exchequer-bills, as (hall be ifiued by virtue of any other aft of this feffion of parliament; and other than and except fuch exchequer-bills, or bills in the nature of exchequer-bills, as (hall be circulated by virtue of any future aft or afts of parliament upon the credit of the exchequer, or of the publick money which fhail be brought into the exchequer, or of fuch money which the commiffioners of the treafury, or high treafurer for the time being, (hall be impowered by parliament to borrow, to fupport the currency of fuch exchequer-bills] theu from and after fuch

Digitized by v^-ooQle

Anno fexto GeorGU I. C.5.	[1719.

currency of any exchequer-bills, or bills of the nature of exchequer-bills (other than and except, as aforefaid) the faid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their fuccef-fors, (hall not be obliged to furnife money for exchanging any exchequer-bills, purfuant to this aft, or to bear or pay any intereft, or proportion of intcreft, which from thenceforth (hall -grow due thereupon; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Treafury, out XCVIII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enafted by the aU-of the linking thority aforefaid, That the faid commiflioners of the treafury, fund,to defray or any thrce or morc 0f them, or the high treafurer for the time Secu^^tWs ^ngf have power, and he or they are hereby enabled to 3$. S pay and allow, or caufe to be paid and allowed, out of the monies to arife of or for the faid furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies, commonly called the (inking fund, or of or for the increafe thereof, to be made in confequence of this aft, from time to time, as well to the refpeftive managers and direftors to be con-ftitutcd for taking in the above mentioned annuities and debts, and performing fuch other matters as are by this aft required to be performed by fuch managers and direftors, and to the perfons who (hall be appointed for taking the faid orders and tickets, and for performing fuch other matters as are by this aft required to be performed by them, and to the faid truftees, who (hall be appointed for exchanging the faid exchequer-bills, and for performing fuch other matters as are by this aft required to be performed by thofe truftees refpeftively, fuch falaries and allowances for the charges, pains and fervice of themfelves, and thofe who (hall be employed under them refpeftively in thofe refpeftive trufts, as they the faid commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the faid high treafurer for the time being (hall, from time to time, think juft and reafofiabieii* that behalf ; and alfo to pay and allow, or caufe to be paid and allowed out of the fame monies arifing as aforefaid, the neceflkry charges for taking in and cancelling the refiduary exchequer-bills, and making forth new bills in lieu thereof, purfuant to this aft; and to allow and pay, or caufe to be allowed and paid out of the faid money to arife as aforefaid, any reafonable charges for books, clerkfhip, or other matters and things which (hall be neceflarily incident in or for the execution of this aft, or any part thereof, by or by the order or direftion of fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be appointed thereunto, or employed therein by them the faid commiflioners of the treafury, or,any three or more of them, or by the faid high treafurer for the time being, and pot otherwife; any thing in this or any other law or ftatute whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding,

CAP. V.

An aft for the better fecuring the dependent of the kingdom 0/Ireland upon the crown of Great Britain.

WHEREAS the houfe of lords of Ireland have of late, againfl law, ajfumed to themfelves apoyoer and jurifdiftion to examine*

(orreft

Digitized by

1719*1 Anno fexto Georgii I. c.6.	205

corrett and amend the judgments and decrees of the courts of juftice in the kingdom of Ireland : therefore for the better fecuring of the dependency of Ireland upon the crown of Great Britain, may it pleafe your moll excellent Majefty that it may be declared, and be it declared by the King's mod excellent majdty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid kingdom of Ireland hath been, is, The kingdom and of right ought to be fubordinate unto and dependent upon the °f Ireland « mperial crown of Great Britain, as being infeparably united and G^Bn^ain° annexed thereunto; and that the King’s majefty, by and with The King and the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and parliament of commons of Great Britain in parliament aftembled, had, hath. Great Britain and of right ought to have full power and authority to make laws ,may	. .

and ftatutes of fufficient force and validity, to bind the kingdom Ireland m and people of Ireland.

H. And be it further declared and enafted by the authority The houfe of aforefaid. That the houfe of lords of Ireland have not, nor of lordsoflreland right ought to have any jurifduStion to judge of, affirm or re- J???n<?I0”** verfe any judgment, fentence or decree, given or made in any hldg^of? af-court within the faid kingdom, and that all proceedings before firm or reverie the faid houfe of lords upon any lbch judgment, fentence or de- any judgment, cree, are, and are hereby declared to be utterly null and void to &c- 8lvcn m all intents and purpofes whatfoever.	there^^d

PAP VT	their proc****

^ A	ings thereon

dn aS for preventing the carriage of excejjive loads of meal,	void*

malty bricks and coalsy wit bitten miles of the cities ^London and W eftminfter.

WHEREAS one great decay of the roads within ten miles of the cities of London and Weftminfter, is occaftoned by the iury great hods of mealy malty bricks and coals, of late brought and carried to and from the faid cities; for preventing of which, be it cnaded hy the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fifth day of March After March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, no perfon or perfons *5,17*0. none ffiall or may early, at any one load, in the faid cities of London <hall camr at and IVeftmnJlery or within ten miles thereof, in waggons or carts	te.in

having their wheels ihod or bound with tire or ftreaks of iron,waggons, See. more than twelve facks of meal, each fack containing five bu(hels whole wheels and no more, nor more than twelve quarters of malt, nor more areboundwith than feven hundred and a half of bricks, nor more than one chal-der of coals; and if any perfon or perfons (hall offend herein, facksof meal, they, or any of them, (hall forfeit and lofe any one of the horfes, See. on forfei-togjether with the gears, bridles and halters therewith ufed, to anyture perfon or perfons that (hall feife or diftrain the fame, in fuch JJbewweiS manner and to fuch ufes, as the penalties and forfeitures are di- as by 5 Geo, u re&ed to be levied and applied by an aft pafled the laft feflion of c. u.

par- i8Geo.s.c.jj%

Digitized by Google

Anno facto GeoRGII I. C. 7,-10.	[1719^

parliament. Intituled, An	the	making	the feve-

ral ait: pajfedfor repairing and mending the highways ofthis kingdom.

c a p. vn.

An aft for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixtfa part of a penny Sterling, upou every pint of ale or beer that (hall be vended or fold within the town of Montrofe and privileges thereof, for fuppljring the laid town with trelh water, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

After June 24,1710. for the term of 25 years, &c. a duty of two pennies Scots laid on every Scots pint of beer, &c. brewed, &c. in the town of Montrofe, The trufrees, with the confent of the overfccrs, may farm out the duty. Continued ty 7 Geo. 2. c. 5.

cap. vm.

An aft for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixtb part of a penny Sterling, upon every Scots pint of beer or ale vended or fold within the town of Bruntifiand apd liberties thereof, for increafrng the .publick revenue of the faid town, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

After June 24,1720. fof 25 yedrs, &c. a dut* of two pennies (hall be paid for evqcy Scots pint of ale and beer, brewed. See. in the town of Brunt-ifbod, payable by the brewers. See. Truftees may mortgage the duty as a fecunty for money, whiah (hall be applied only to the purpofes in this aft. Truftees, with the confent of the overfeers, may farm out the duty. Rrvhvid iy ao Geo. 2. c. 26.

CAP IX.

An aft for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixtb part of a penny Sterling, upon every Scots pint.of,beer and ale that (hail be vended or fold within the town of Pittenween and liberties thereof, for repairing the harbour there, and for maiqtainingjother publick works of the faid town.	.

After June 14, 17s®. for years, &c. a duty of two pennies Scots (hall he laid on every Scots pint of ale and^eer brewed, See. in the ,tpwn of Pittenween. Truftees may aflign the duty as a fecurity for money: which ihall be applied Qnly to the iame purpofes, as the duty by this aft is directed.

cap. x.

An aft for making forth new exchequer-hills not exceeding mu million at a certain inteand for lending the fame to the South-Sea company at an higher , upon fecurity of repaying the fame and fucb high intereft into the exchequer for ufes to •which {he fund for leaning the publick debts (called the finking fund) is	j	and	for	cir-

culating and exchanging upon demand the faid bills at or near the exchequer.

I.	A/f A Y it	pleafe yourmoft excellent , Whereas in and

*Geo* i%C &	JLVJL by an aft of parliament of the third year of your Majeftfs

<Geo.i’.'c?ig!	reign	t	intituled, An aft for redeeming the duties and revenues

Fm-further pro- which were fettled to payoff principal and intereft on the orders •vifions relating made forth on four lottery-afts pafled in the ninth and tenth t0‘bu aft, fit years of her late Majefty’s reign, and for redeeming certain ani I	nuities	payable	on	orders	out	of the hereditary excife, according

I w,i.*r. ao.to a former aft in that behalf; and for eftablifhing a general yearly fund, not only for the future payment of annuities at 6s-vend rates, to be payable and transferable at the bank of Engltni 6	and

207

[ 7 f9*3 Anno fexto Georgii I. c. io. .

ind redeemable by parliament; but alfo to raife money for fuch )roprietors of the faid orders, as (hall chufe to be paid their principal and arrears of intereft in ready money; and for making rood fuch other deficiencies and payments, as in this adt are nentioned; and for taking off the duties on Hnfeed imported and Britijb linen exported, it was enafted and declared, Tpat the mo-nies which Jbould from time to time arife by certain furplujfes, excejjes and overplus monies therein fpecifted, Jbould be appropriated, refervei and employed to and for the difekdrging the principal and intereft of fuch national debts and inatmbrances as were incurred before the twenty fifth day of December one tboufand fevtn hundred and fixteen, and were declared to be national debts, and were provided for by a51 ofparliament y in fuch manner and form as Jbould be direiied or appointed by any future a5t or aBs of parliament to be difcharged therewith or out of the'fame: and whereas by an a51 of parliament of the fifth year of your qco- 1# ^ ^ May eft fs reign, intituled, An ad for applying certain overplus 5 monies and further fums to be railed, as well by wav of a lottery as by loans, towards paying off and cancelling excnequer-bills, and for leflening the prefent great charge in relation to thofe bills; and for circulating and exchanging for ready money the refidue of the fame bills for the future, it was provided and en-a51ed, That fo much of the faid excejjes, furplujfes or overplus moniet arifing quarterly after the feaft of the annunciation of the Blejfci Virgin Mary which was in the year of our Lord one thoufand Jeven hundred and nineteen, as Jbould amount to the full fum of five hundred and twenty thoufand pounds (no loam having been made by that a51 to fupply the fame) Jhmld and might be applied toward^difebarg-ing and cancelling the principal and intereft due or to be due on the ex-chequer-bills therm mentioned, untilfuch time as the full fum or value of five hundred and twenty thoufand pounds in principal and intereft on fuch exchequer-bills Jbould be paid off, difcharged and cancelled\ us by the faidfeveral a51s of parliament, relation being (hereunto had* may more fuuy appear; wbkh monies fo arifing by the faid furplujf-es, exetffes and overphtjfts are commonly called the ftnktng fund, and art likely to be very much inertafed; and a conftaerable part of the faid fum offive hundred and twenty thoufatid pounds, out of the produce thereof, bath been applied towards difcharging and cancelling the faid exchequer-bills, and the refidue of the faid five hundred and twenty thoufand pounds, as the monies of the faid fund Jhall come into the exchequer, will be applicable to the fame ufe, according to the tenor of the faid a5l of parliament in that behalf: and whereas the fum of three hundred twenty eight thoufand fix hundred feventy three pounds four JhiUings and ten pence halfpenny was advanced by the governor and com-party of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seap and or tber parts oft America, purfuant to an a51 of the fifth year, of your $ Geo. i.c.i$« Mayfly s reignintituled. An a<ft for redeeming the fund appropriated for payment of the lottery-tickets, which were made forth for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and tea* by a voluntary fubfeription of the proprietors into the capital flock of the South-Sea company; and for raifing a fum of money lo pay off fuch debts and incusnbranees as arc therein mention-

Digitized by L.ooQLe

io8	Anno	fexto	Georgh I. c. io.	[1719-

ed; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this fdfion oS parliament; and to limit times for profecutions upon bonds for exporting cards and dice, and the faid fum of three hundred twenty eight thoufand fix hundred fevtnty three pounds four /billings and ten pence halfpenny doth, on the fourth day of Apnl one thoufand /even hundred and twenty, remain m the receipt of your Majefly’s exchequer: and whereas in order to the lejfemng the debts of this nation, it is thought convenient that a power be given to the commijfioners of your Majefty's treafury, or the high treafurer for the time beings at any time or times within one year, and from thence to the end of the then next fejfion of parliament, and by fuch proportions at a time ashes* they Jhall find to be mojl for the advantage of the publick, to mski forth or caufe to be made forth at the exchequer any number of new ex-chequer-bills, fo as all we principal fums to be contained therein h not in the whole exceed one million of pounds (over and above the ex-' *	chequer-bills	to	be made forth purfuant to another aft of this feffisn of

6 Geo x.c. 4. Par^ament in that behalf,) and that the faid new exchequer-bills heir **' an inter eft not exceeding the rate of two pence per centum per diem; and that as well the faid fum of money now remaining in the exchequer as aforefaid, as alfo the monies to arife quarterly by the faid furphjf-esf excejfes and overpluses, commonly called the finking fund (after the faid fum of five hundred and twenty thoufand pounds fball be applied for difebarging and cancelling exchequer-bills as aforefaid, or reserved in the exchequer for that purpofe) be made afund or fecurity for an-fwering all demands of principal and inter eft which /ball he fo authorized to be made fortn\ and that the faid commijfioners of the treafwry, or high treafurer for the time being, be alfo impowered to ijfue fuch new exchequer-bills, by way of loan or advance, do the company commonly called the South-Sea company, or to fome perfon or perfsns su truft for them, the faid company giving fecurity upon their prefent or to be increafed annuity or weekly payment out of the exchequer9 for the repayment of the principalfum Jo lent, with an intereft net exceeding the rate of Jive pounds per centum per annum: now we your Ma-jefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do therefore mod humbly be-feech your Majefty, that it may be enadted, £sV. EXP.

Tbe commiflioners of the treafury are authorized at any time within one year/from the tenth of May one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, and to tbe end of the next fefiion of parliament, to make exchequer bills, fo as the principal fums do not exceed one million (over and above tbe exchequer-bills which are to be current, purfuant to the a& 6 Geo. 1. c. 4.) and the faid bills (hall bear intereft two pence per centum per diem. Treafury may lend fuch bills to the South-Sea company at 5I. per cent, on fecurity, See. On non-payment, treafury may ltop the weekly payments to the company. The (inking fund appropriated for circulating the new bills. Treafury may borrow money for circulating tbe new bills, at 5!. per cent. Tallies and orders to be ftruck for the feme, See. What (ball not be interpreted undue preference. Orders affignable and transferraMe. Truftees to exchange for ready money at their office all bills brought to them. ^ Ready money may be demanded for bills on wbicb fix months intereft is due. Truftees not incapacitated from being members of parla-ment. Thefe bills to be current in the revenue. If received at the exchequer, to be locked up as calh. Receivers, See. out of tbe monies in efefr bands to exchange toe bills. Tallies to boftmek for fuch bills leas sate fo*

ache*

#

Digitized by v^ooQle

J7I9-1

Anno fexto Georgii I. c. it.

aoj>

exchequer. Intereft due on bids to be.allowed by receivers, See. No mte-reft on the bills in the receivers hands, or in the exchequer. Perftms paying bills to receivers, &c. to indorfe theif names, and time when paid in; and the time of re-iflumg to be indof fed. Bills re ifTued to bear the fame inte-irlt as when paid in. Receivers general to keep books for money received.

Penalty on receivers Bills filled up by indorsement. See. Exchequer to make forth new ones. Bills for large Turns not exceeding 5000I. each, may be iiliied. Forging thefe bills, felony. Truftees to hafe the cheaues. See; of the biDs. If provifion be made by parliament of money to dlfcharge the bills or any part thereof, the fame to be applied thereto. See. Trealu-xy at the requeft of the $outh~Sea company may make forth bills without bearing intereft. Treafury out of the linking fund to defray the charges of executing this a&.

GAP. XT.

An alt for laying a duty upon wrought plate; and for applying money arifing for the clear produce (by	of the

forfeited tfiates)towards anfwering bis Majeftys fuppfy i and for taking off the drawbacks upon bops exported for Ireland; and for payment of annuities to be pur chafed after the rate of four founds per centum per annum at tbe exchequer, redeemable by parliament j and for appropriating JuppUes granted in this feffion of parliament	and

to prevent counterfeiting receipts and warrants of the officers of tbe South Sea company •, and for explaining a late alt concerning foreign fait cellared and locked up before tbe four and twentieth day of June one tboufand feven hundred and nineteen -, and to give a further time for paying duties on certain apprentices indentures \ and for relief of Thomas Vernon, efq\ in relation to a parcel of fenna imported in tbe year one tboufandfeven hundred and fix teem

MAY	it pleaft jour mojl excellent Majefiy, ^iw^/aSEd-i. ftah

laws and Jlatutes of tots realm now in force it is provided and j c • exalted. That no goldfmith, filverfmith or other perfon whatfoever ^ nen* c'f' Jballwork or moke, or caufe to be wrought or any	ig Eliz. c. i j.

plate or	manufallure of fiver,	left in finenefs than that of eleven

euntes and ten-penny weight cf fme fiver in every pound T roy, nor (jjjj put to fait, exthangt, or fell any ftlver veffels, plate or manuf allure	jet

•f ftlver (except as in tbe faidjlatutes, or fme of them, are JeveraUy 7 Gto. i.ftat. excepted) until fuch time as fuch	veffel, plate or manufallured ftlver »• c.io.fed.»^

/ball be	touched,affayed and marked at the refpeUive cities or places

in the faid Jlatutes mentioned, and by fuch corporations, officers or perfons as are thereby refpellively intrujled for touching	and

marling the fame, under fuch pains, penalties and forfeitures as in and by the Jame laws and Jlatutes are	preferas by tbe faid

ral laws andJlatutes (relation being thereunto fever ally had) may mart plainly andjully appear: and whereas it is found by experience. That the fiber	vejjih,plate and manufaQuns of ftlver, which were made*

according to the old Jlandard of eleven ounces and two-penny weight of fine fiber Iwhitb Jlandard was altered by an oil made in the Voi,. XIV. '	P	eighth

Digitized by L^ooQle

* & 9 W. 3 c. 8.

a d. wt iiored.

After i June

Anno fexto GfcoRGii I. c. n.	[1719.

eighth year of the reign of your Majejly's royal predeceffor Kimg William the Third, of glorious memory, intituled, An adfc for encouraging the bringing in wrought plate to be coined* are more ferviceabU and durable than the ftlver vejfelsy plate and manufaBvres offiver which have been made according to the faid fiandard of eleven dunces and ten-penny weight of fine fiver in every pound Troy: be it therefore enaCted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and The old (land- by the authority of the fame, That the faid old ftandard of eleven ard of i r oz. ounces and two-penny weight of fine filver at lead, to be contabed in every pound weight Troy of filver veflels, plate or other manufactures of fijver made or to be made or wrought, after the firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, (hall be reftored, revived and take place inftead of the faid new ftandard of eleven ounces and ten-penny weight of fine filver at leafl* in every fbdt pound Troy.

II.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That bam 1720, no*'gold-and after the faid firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred a*' an^ twenty> n0 goldfmith, filverfmith or plate worker (hall be worf any plate	by force or virtue of the faid former laws and ftarutes,

according to any °f them, to work or make, or caufe to be wrought or the newitan- made any filver vefleJ, plate or manufacture of filver, according dard of u oz. to the faid new ftandard of eleven ounces and ten-penny weight *od. wt. &c. Qf gne fijvcr at jcaft jn every pound Troy, or be reftrained from putting to fale, exchanging or felling any filver veflels, p/ate or manufactures of filver, fo as the fame do contain eleven ounces and two-penny weight of fine filver at lead*, in every pound Troy, and be touched, aflayed and marked in fuch manner and form, as in and by the faid former laws and ftatutes, and by this prefent aCt, are provided and eftablifhed for touching, allaying and marking the fame.

After 1 June III. Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted by the autho-f 7‘°hn&g°td" r,ty af°rek*d> That from and after the faid firft day of Jwu one v^rk or put to t^ou^anc^ feven hundred and twenty, no goldfmith, filverfmith fale any plate or other perfon whatfoever (hall work or make, or caufe to be lefs in finenefs wrought or made, any filver veffel, plate or manufacture of fil-*h.anJ10Z< ver, lefs in finenefs than that of eleven ounces and two-penny ixGep*.ft.c.a6. wc>ght of fine filver in every pound Troy, or (hall put to fale, exchange or fell any filver veffel, plate or manufacture of filver, made after the faid firft day of June bne thoufand feven hundred and twenty (unlefs it be filver wire, or fuch things as in refpcCt of their fmallnefs are not capable of receiving a mark) until fuch To be marked t jme as fuch veffel, plate or manufacture of filver (hall be touch-by thVlaws ec*, aflayed and marked in manner and form preferibed by the faid for aflaying of laws and ftatutes, or any of them, for touching, aflaymg and the itandard of marking of the faid ftandard of eleven ounces and ten-penny 11 oz. iod. wt. weight fine at leaft in every pound Troy, in cafe the fame ftand-Which laws ard had continued ; and that all and every the rules, directions, are hereby powers, privileges, pains, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, enaCted or provided in or by any of the former 2	Uws

continued.

Digitized by CjOOQle

1719*] Arino fexto Geokoii I. c. ix.	2x1

laws and ftatutes of this realm, which at or until the time of making this adt were or are in force for preferving or fecuring the faid ftandard of eleven ounces and ten-penny weight of fine filver at leaft in every pound Troy> or for touching, aflaying, marking or allowing for good the filver plate of that ftandard,

(hall be continued, applied, pradtifed and put in execution for preferving and fecuring the ftandard of eleven ounces and two* penny weight of fine filver at leaft in every pound Troy (by this adt revived and intended to be eftablifhed) and for the touching, aflaying, marking and allowing the fame, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame rules, directions* powers, privileges, pains, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, were again particularly repeated and re-enaCted in and by this prefent adtj any thing in the faid former laws or fttatutes, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

IV. And we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeCts, the faid commons of Great Britain in parliament aftembled, be-* ing fully refolved to furnifh fuch fupplies as are neceflary for defraying the expences and occafionsof the publick, have for that end and purpofe cheerfully and unanimously given and granted, and do by this adt give and grant to your Majefty the feveral and refpe&ive rates and duties herein after mentioned, for and upon all filver plate to be made or wrought in Great Britain, or to be imported or brought into the fame, and fuch further fum and fums of mgpey as are herein fpecified and appointed, in fuch manner and form as are herein after more particularly ex-prefled, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be en-adted; and be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, anfwered and paid unto and for From t June the ufeof his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs for ever, (fubjeCt 1720, filver neverthelefs to fuch redemption as in and by this adt is after-^ormade^ wards provided in this behalf) for and upon all filver plate which jn Great Bri* fhall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, tain, to pay* and for and upon all filver plate to be made or wrought within 6d. per 02. the fame kingdom, the feveral and refpedtive rates or duties fol- £Qeo*i^(Ut lowing; (that is to fayj For and upon all filver plate made or J to be made, which at any time or times after the firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty (hall be imported or brought into the faid kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all other cuftoms, fubfidies and diities already impofed thereupon) a duty after the rate of fix pence for every ounce Troy, and proportionally for greater or lefler quantities, to be paid down in ready money by the importer thereof, from time to time, before the landing of the fame ; and for. and upon all filver plate which (hall be made or wrought in Great Britain^ or at any time or times, from and after the faid firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, (hall or ought to be touched, a flayed or marked in Great Britain as aforefaid, a duty after the rate of fix pence for every ounce Troy, and proportionally for any greater or lefler quantity, to be paid by the tnak-

P 2	#rs

Digitized by

Google

Anno fexto Georgii I. c. 11„	£1719.

(ers or workers thereof refpeftively, and to be fecured to be paid in fuch manner and form as in and by this a<5t are afterwards prefcribed in that behalf.

V. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid duties by this a<5t impofed upon wrought plate to be imported (hall be raifed, levied, recovered and paid, and be brought into the exchequer (to and for the ufes and purpofes in this aft exprefled) by fuch rules, ways, means and methods, and coder ao Ann. c. 16. fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch allowances, and ip fuch manner and form, as the duties upon gilt and filver wire imported, impofed by an aft of the tenth year of the reign of her faid late majefty Queen Anne, or by any aft of parliament relating thereto, are prefcribed and appointed to be railed, levied, recovered, anfwered and paid.

His Majefty VI. And for the better afcertaining, charging andleaning or treaiury to	duty by this aft fet and impofed upon filver plate to be made

miffione^for or wrought> or t0 be touched, aflayed or marked in Great Bri-plate wrought ^in, as aforefaid; it is hereby furtner enafted by the authority ui GreatBrK aforefaid. That fuch commiflioners or perfons as his Majefty, his ******	heirs or fucceflbrs, or the commiflioners of the treafury, or any

three or more of them, or the high treafurer of Great Britain, for the time being, (hall from time to time, by one or more commiffion or commiflions for that purpofe, appoint, (hall be his Maiefty’s commiflioners for the receipt and management 01 the faid duties by this aft fet and impofed upon the faid filver plate, to be made or wrought in Great Britain, or to be touched, aflayed and marked as aforefaid; which faid cimmifltonera, or the major part of them refpeftively, (hall, and have hereby power, by commiflions under their refpeftive hands and Teals, to fubftitute and appoint under them fuch officers as (hall be re-wboaretofub- quifite in that behalf; and that the fame commiflioners and offt-©^officers!™" ccrs ^or t*ie duties on wrought plate (hall have out of thole duties fuch falaries and rewards for their fervices therein, as the faid commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the faid high treafurer for the time being, (hall think rcafon-able to eftabli(h and allow in that behalf; and that the rdpec-tive commiflioners for the faid duties on wrought plate to be made, touched, aflayed or marked in Great Britain as aforefaid, ^or Pme being* ^all from time to time caufe all the money duty to be paid to ar|(e °f or f°r the faid duties on plate to be made, wrought, into the ex- touched, aflayed or marked in Great Britain as aforefa:d (the chequer. neceflary charges of management excepted) to be paid, as the fame (hall arife, into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer in England, for the ufes and purpofes in this aft exprefled. GoMfmitht, VII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, &c. to give That every goldfmith, filverfmith or other manufafturer, who

nextCofficehe at any timc or times a^tcr *be ^ ^ay 7*?e onc tboufand of their names (even hundred and twenty (hall work or make in Great Britain and work- any filver veflel, plate or manufafture of filver, (hall give notice houfes, on jn writing at the next office for the faid duties on wrought pjafe ♦orteiturt of 0£ refpeftive names and places of abode* and of theboufes

The duty on plate imported to be levied as the duty on gilt or lilver wire.

Digitized by LjOOQie

17*9-1	Anno fexto GeoRGII I. c. 11.	213

pr places by them refpeCtively made ufe of for the working or making of filver plate or manufactures of filver, upon pain to forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every offence in making or working, or caufing to be made or wrought, any fuch plate or manufacture of filver in any houfe or place after the faid firft day of Jum one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, without having hrft notified the fame as aforefaid.

VIII.	And it is hereby enaCted, That from and after the faid Goldfmiths to

firft day of Jum one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, dur- enter at the ing the continuance of the faid duty on wrought plate, all and	on

every the goldfmiths, filverfmiths and other manufacturers, who forfeiture of fhall make or caufe to be made or wrought any plate liable to 100 L

the duty by this aCt intended to be charged thereupon, fhall once in every month make a true entry in writing at the next office for the faid duties of all the filver plate or manufactures of filver by them federally made or wrought within fuch month refpeCtively; which entry fhall contain the weight and kinds of of all the filver plate and manufactures mentioned therein, and how much thereof refpeCtively was made in each week, on pain to forfeit for every negleCt of entry the fum of one hundred Entries to be pounds; and every fuch entry fhall be made upon the oath of made on oath the manufacturer or other perfon for whom the plate was made, or folemn a£-or of the chief workman employed therein, or (if he or fhe be firmatio»* a Quaker) then upon his or her folemn affirmation to the beft of their refpeCtive knowledge and belief; which entries, oaths and affirmations fhall and may be made with and admini fired by fuch officer or officers as (hall be appointed to take the fame, without any fee or charge whatfoever,

IX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, They are to That every goldfmith, filverfmith and other perfon, who fhall clear off the make and "work, or caufe to be made or wrought, any plate or duties in 6* manufacture of filver liable to the faid duty by this aCt granted, weck,» fhall from time to time, within fix weeks after they refpeCtively

fhall make or ought to have made fuch entry as aforefaid, pay and clear off all the faid duties for plate or manufactures of filver, which fhall be due from them refpeCtively, upon pain of for- on forfeiture feiting double the fum of the faid duty whereof the payment double the fhall have been fo refuied or neglected.	duty*

X.	And it is hereby enaCted, That all and every the officers Officers may for the faid duties on wrought plate or manufactures of filver ?ntef (hall, at all times in the day-time, be permitted, upon his t^day-time11 their requeft, to enter the workhoufe or other place which fhall to take an ao be made ufe of by any maker or worker of fuch plate for the count of all making or working of fuch plate or manufactures of filver liable Pjat*babIc to to the faid duty, and to take an account of the juft weight ofthc dttty» fuch filver plate or manufactures which (hall have been fo made

or wrought from time to time ; and (hall thereof make return *etura to*he in writing to thc f*d commiffioners of the faid duty, or fuch as coinmiffion-they (hall appoint to receive the fame from time to time, leav- er$p leaving a] ing a true copy thereof (if demanded) with the maker of the faid copy with the filv$r pjatf pr manufactures, upon whom fuch return of the ^frfturs yf

Digitized by

,y Google

*i4	Anno	fexto	GeorGH	I.	c.	it.	(1719.

faid officer (hall be a charge; and if the faid officer (hall refufe to give or leave fuch copy (being demanded as aforefaid) txcrj fuch officer for every fuch offence (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings to every fuch maker or manufacturer.

Officers to be XL Provided always,That every officer who (hall be tmpower* worn# ed to make fuch charge as aforefaid, (hall in the firft place be fworn for the due and faithful execution of his office ; which oath (hall and may be adminiflred by all or any the commiffion-ers of the faid duty on plate, or by any juftice of the peace, who Maker* to (hall give to fuch officer a certificate thereof: and all perfects keep juft fcalcs chargeabie with the faid duty on plate are hereby required to &c on tor-8* keep fufficient and juft feales and weights at the place or places ieiture of 10I. where he, (he or they do make fuch plate, and permit and affift the officer to make ufe thereof for the purpofes aforefaid, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be forfeited and loft for not keep* ing fuch (cales and weights, or for not permitting and affi&ng the officer to ufe the fame as aforefaid.

Obftmaing xil. And be enaCted, That if any maker or worker of plate ZoF* 01 1 or manufactures of filver (hall obftruft or hinder any of the (aid officers in the execution of any the powers given to him pr them by this ad, for afeertaining and fecuring the laid duties upon plate or manufactures of filver, the perfon or perlons ctknAmg therein (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

Makers not to XIII. And it is hereby further cnaCted, That no maker or remove plate manufacturer, who (hall make or work or caufe to be made or wrought any plate or manufacture of filver as aforefaid, after tfa* 0*4.01* P faic* day of June one thoufand fcven hundred and twenty, during the continuance of the faid duty, ftiall (under pain of forfeiting forty pounds for every offence) remove, cany or fend away, or fuffer to be removed, carried or Cent away any fuch plate or manufacture of filver, by or for him, her or them made or wrought, of which no account (hall have been firft taken by the proper officer of the faid duty, from the workhoufe or place where the fame (hall have been made or wrought, without giv* ing to the proper officer four and twenty hours notice at ieaft of his, her or their intention to remove, carry or fend away the fame, that fo the faid officer (without his own wilful default) may have time to weigh and take an account thereof.

Plate not fur- XIV. And for better afeertaining the faid duties upon phfc kc^u*#°arate an<* manu^a<^urcs ^^vcr hereby chargeable as aforefaid, it k ©n pairfoPio 1. hereby enaCled, That all perfons, by or for whom any fitch plate or manufactures (hall be made or wrought, (hall from time to time keep all the plate or manufactures of filver fo made or wrought, and which (hall not have been furVeyed and taken an account of, feparate and apart frofti all the filver plate or manu* failures which (hall have been furveyed and taken an account of as aforefaid, for the fpace of four and twenty hours after the making or working the fame, unlefs fuch plate or manufactures of filver (hall have been fooner furveyed and taken an account of

Digitized by kjOOQle

syx9.3	Anno	fexto	Georgii	I. c. 11

by the laid proper officer, on pain to forfeit for every offence therein the fum of ten pounds.

XV.	And it is hereby enaCted, That if any of the faid per- p|atc conceal-fons, by or for whom any fuch plate or manufactures of filver ed forfeits 20I. fhall be made or wrought as aforefaid, (hall fraudulently hide

or conceal, or caufe to be hid or concealed, any filver plate or manufactures chargeable by this aCt, with intent to defraud his Afajefty, his heirs and fucceffors, then and in every fuch cafe the offender (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounas for every fuch offence.

XVI.	And it is hereby further enaCted, That all plate and piate found in other manufactures of filver, which (hall be found in a private private work-, workhoufe, and all private utenfils for making or working fuch

plate or manufactures, of which no notice (hall have been given forfcitcd* purfuant to this aCt, (hall be forfeited and loft, and the fame, of the value thereof, (hall and may be feized. and recovered by any officer of the faid duty on plate acid manufactures of filver, for the King’s ufe.

XVII.	And k is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore- plate ^ ma-laid. That all fuch plate and manufactures of filver, and all the trialscharge-materials and utenfils for making the fame, in the cuftody of any able with the maker or makers of fuch plate or manufactures, or any perfon duucVJ!ar’ or perions, to the ufe of or in truft for fiich maker or makers rcar’ ^

of fuch plate or manufactures, (hall be liable and fubjeCt to, and are hereby made chargeable with all the debts and duties for plate or manufactures of filver in arrear and owing by fuch maker or makers, worker or workers refpeCtively, for any plate or manufactures of filver made by him, her or them, or in his, her or their work-tioufes or places aforefaid, and alfo be fubjeCt to all penalties and forfeitures incurred by fuch perfon or per-fbns, fo ufing fuch work-houfe or other place, for any offence againft this aCt relating to the faicfduty upon plate or manufactures of filver; and that it (hall and may be lawful in all fuch cafes to levy debts an^l penalties, and ufe fuch proceedings, as may lawfully be done in cafe the debtor or offender were the true and lawful owner of the fame.

XVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted by theau- on oath that, thority aforefaid, That in cafe any perfon or perfons whatfoever the duty has fhall, at any time or times after the faid firft day of June one been paid, thoufand feven hundred and twenty, during the continuance of ture°romthe* the duty by this aCt impofed upon wrought plate or manufactures cuftomer, &c. of filver, export by way of merchandize for any foreign parts, exporter of any wrought plate or manufaCtyres of filver by this aCt charged plate may

or chargeable with the (aid duty of fix pence frounce, and the backthe fame (hall appear to have been made or marked as aforefaid, ,2Geoz.c.»6. after the (aid firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, and (hall give fufficient fccurity before the (hipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantities of fuch plate or manufactures of filver, intended to be exported as aforefaid, and every part thereof, (hall not be relanded or brought again into Great Britain, and (hall make proof upon oath, or

P4	by

Digitized by Google

Anno fexto Georgii I. e.tr.' [1719.

by fitch affirmation refpedively, as aforefaid, dial the fame fiver plate or manufactures were actually made or marked as a-foreiaid, after the faid firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, (which fecurities flaall betaken in the King's name, and to his ufc, and the faid oaths and affirmations (hail be adminiftred by the cuftomcr or collector of the respective port for fuch exportation) that then and in every fuch cafe the faid cuftomer or collector (hall give to the exporter thereof a debenture expieffing the true kinds and quantities of fuch plate and manufactures of filver fo exported, or (hipped to be exports ed; and the exportation or (hipping thereof being certified by the fearcher upon the faid debenture, the coliedor or receiver of the faid duty on plate (upon producing the (aid debenture fo certified to him) (hall forthwith pay a drawback or allowance, after the rate of fix pence for every ounce of fqch plate or nn-fadures of filver out of the money of the (aid duty on plate or manufactures of filver then in the hands of fuch receiver or collector, without fee or reward ; and if fuch receiver or col-lector (hall not have money in his hands to pay any foch debenture, then the refpedive commiffioners of tne (aid duty upon plate or manufactures of filver, are hereby required to pay or jeaufe to be paid, the faid debenture out of any the fame duties arifing by this aCt; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding*

powers XIX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, c! 14. and	That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules,

other excite- methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, aft*, to he in which in and by an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of force for ma- King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for taking away the dutieiu thCfc court °f wardi <**4 liveries, and tenures in capite, and by bright*

‘ fervicty and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon bis Majefty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majefty’s revenues of excife upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided, fettled or eftablifhed, for managing, railing levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or alcer^ taining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in fuch cafes for which other penalties or provifions are made and preferibed by this ad) (hall be exercifed* praCtifed, applied, ufed and put in execution, in and for the managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the find {duty upon plate or manufactures of filver hereby granted, during the continuance of this ad, as fully and effectually, fo aH inT tents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, were particularly repeated and again enaded in the body of this prefent ad.

AW fays, &c. xx. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, as by the law* That all fines, penalties and forfeitures in relation to the faid of excife.	duty ty this ad impofed upon plate or manufadures of filver,

fhall be fued for, levied and recovered, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiftifP is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of ex-

'•	cife^

Digitized by Google

>7i9*3	.Anno	facto	Georgii	I.	c.	n.	zif

cife, or by |L»y action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminfier% or in the pourt of feflion, court of jufticiary, or court of exchequer in Scotland refpe&ively* and that one moiety of fuch fine, penalty or forfeiture, relating to the faid duty on plate or manufactures of filver, (not otherwise directed by this a£t) (hall be to his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall difcover, inform or fue for the fame.

XXL Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted by the au- Commiflionr thority aforefaid. That fuch perfons as (hall be, in purfuance er* for thefe* of this aCt, appointed commiflionera for the duty on plate or duties to have manufactures of filver, to be made in England^ Wales, or Ber- fame zoujt upon Tweed* (hall and may have and exercife the fame or commiffionert or like jurisdiction, power and authority, and may adjudge, de- of excife.

% ermine, mitigate, or order, in all caufes and matters relating to the faid duties on plate or manufactures of filver arifing within the limits aforefaid, as the commiflioners of excife qpon beer, ale and other liquors, may or lawfully can exercife, adjudge, determine, mitigate, or order in the like cafes or matters in relation to the (aid duty of excife, by any law pr ftatute now in force.

XXII.	And it is hereby enaCted and declared by the author on plats

rity aforpffiid. That all the faid duties upon plate and other ma- chargeable nufaCtures of filver, made or wrought in this realm, or import- f1Mb the year-ed into the fame, as aforefaid, (hall be liable to and chargeable 1^°^/ with the yearly fiund herein after mentioned, and all the annui-	'

ties to be payable out of the fame in purfuance of this aCt, fubr

jc£k neverthelefe to fuch redemption as is herein after mentioned; gnd all the fame rates and duties upon plate and manufactures of filver (except the neceflary charges before-mentioned) are and fiiall he appropriated thereunto, in fuch manner, that all the jnonies :which (hall, from time to time, be or remain due or in prrear for and qpon the fame annuities, or any pf them, or for any arrears thereof, if any fuch be, (hall from time to time, in (he firft place, be paid and fatisfied out of the faid duties upon plate or manufactures of filver, by this aCt granted, or fo far as the fame duties will extend, with preference to any other payments that (hall or may hereafter be charged thereupon, and under fuch penalties, forfeitures and dilabilities, as are hereafter in this a Ct contained in that behalf.

XXIII.	And tp the end all the monies to arife by this aCt for the faid duties upon plate and manufactures of filver may be er8

duly and certainly raided apd brought into the faid receipt of ex- cers to be apr chequer for the purpofes aforefaid, it if hereby further enaCted pointed, who by the authority aforefaid. That from time to time, during the arfto be liable continuance of this aCt, there (hall be appointed fpeh and ^of many coramiffioners of the cuftoms and excife, and other offi- 3. c, 44. f cers as (hall be proper and necetlary for the railing, and levying rile refpeCtive duties and fums of monev by this aCt granted or chargeable, and for keeping and rendring the accounts of the fame; and that all receivers general, collectors, and other offir fers. who are or Ihall be concerned in the railing, collecting, f	*	r	receiving

Digitized by Google

3 k io W. 3.

c* 44*

130001. the yearly fund.

Xit	Anno	fcxto	Georgii	L	c.	ti.	[171$;

receiving and paying the (aid refpe&ive duties hobby granted, or any of them, and keeping and rendring the feveral accounts thereof, (hall perform their feveral duties therein, as to them refpe&ivaly (hall appertain, under fueh and the Tike penalties, forfeitures and difablities, for any offence or negiedt therein, or for detaining, diverting, or mifapplying any part of the fui monies, as are prefcribed and to be mflkSed by virtue of an ad of parliament made and pafied in the ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King Wiliam the Third, intituled. An aQ for raffing a fum, not exceeding five millions upon a fund for payment of annuities after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and for fettling the trade to the Eaft Indies, for the like offence or negleft relating to the duties on fait, and upon (lampt vellum, parchment and paper thereby granted or iWerred unto, or for detaining, diverting or mifapplying any part of the monies which were granted or appropriated by the a& Jaft mentioned.

• XXIV. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That yearly and every year, reckoning the firft year to begin the five and twentieth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, the full fum of thirteen thoufand pounds peramum, by or out of the monies to arife of or for the (aid duties upon plate or manufactures of filver, and to be brought into the receipt of exchequer, afe aforefaid, in cafe the fame (hall extend thereunto, (hall be the whole and entire yearly fund; and in cafe all the monies arifing into the exchequer of or for the faid rates and duties upon plate and manufatftures of filver, fliall not amount to thirteen thoufand pounds per annum, then the monies (b arifing, ib far as the fame will extend, (hall be part of the yearly fond, for or towands anfwering or paying all the feveral and refpe&ive Deficiency to annuities herein after mentioned; and in cafe the faid rates and be made good duties upon plate and manufafhires of filver (hall at any time

finkiif tfund ** **mes aPPear to he fo deficient or low in the produce of the jinking un , famc^ ag t^at wjthin any one year to be reckoned as aforefaid,

the faid monies arifing into the exchequer for or upon account of the fame rates and duties (hall not amobnt to fo much as thirteen thoufand pounds, or to fo much as (haH be fuffkiertt to difeharge and fatisfy all the annuities by this a6! appointed or intended to be paid within or for the fame year rcfpedfively, that then and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, fo much as (nail be deficient or wanting to make up the faid fund for every or any fuch year, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf, (half be fupplied and made good, from time to time, out of the monies which (hall, from time'to time, arife by certain furpltifles, excefles, and overplus monies* commonly called the finking fond, fo as the fums which, from time to time, or at any time (hall be fupplied out of the faid finking fund, do not exceed the monies which (hall be faved by taking off the drawback of the duties on hops exported, or (hipped to be exported for Ireland, purfuant to the claufes herein after contained in that behalf; and if the feme (hall at any time exceed fuch feving, then the

refidue

Digitized by kjOOQle

1719*]	AnnofcxtoGBOKGiiLc.il*	219

refidue of Inch deficiency Audi be fupplied out of the then next or out of the aids to be granted in parliament; any thing in any former or ncxt.a,d# ,n other law or ftatute contained to the contrary notwithftanding. Pariaracnt*

XXV.	And it is hereby enacSbed, That all the monies arifmg The monies by the faid duties on plate and manufactures of filver, for pay- ^ut ^to^be^ soent of the feveral annuities, which (hall be payable upon this entred in a acS, (hall be fairly and duly entredin one or more book or books, book.

to be kept in the offices of the auditor of the receipt and clerk of the pells for that purpofe, to which all perfons concerned, at all feafonable times, (hall have free accefs without fee or charge.

XXVI.	And for the railing any fum or fums of money, not^ Any perfons exceeding in the whole the him of three hundred and twelve may be con-thoufand pounds, towards his Majefty’s fupply; it is hereby trfoutoi* for further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may of^^Joool.at be lawful to and tor any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, 41/per cent, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, advance and pay

into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, for his Majefty’s life, at or before the refpeCtive days and times in this aCt limited in that behalf any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the (aid fum of three hundred and twelve thoufand pounds, for the abfolute pur chafe of a ay certain annuity or annuities, to commence from the five and twentieth day of March One thoufand fcven hundred and twenty, and to be paid and payable to fuchrontnbutor or contributors, or filth as he, (he or they (hall nominate, his, her or their executors, tdminiftra-tors, (ucceffors and affigna reipeCtively, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo herein after ron-tained in that behalf, which certain annuities (hall be computed at the rate of four pounds per annum for every one hundred pounds, and proportionably for any greater fum fo to be advanced and paid $ and the purchafe-money fo paid for every fuch annuity at the rate aforefaid, is hereby appointed to be paid into the (aid receipt of exchequer at or before therefpedtive days nil4 times herein after lin&ited; that is to fay, one fourth part Times of pay** thereof on or. before the four and twentieth day of June in the ment. year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty; one other fourth part thereof on or before the firft day of Augujl in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty; one other fourth part thereof on or before the firft day of Oflo-her in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty; and the remaining fourth part thereof on or before the firft day of December in the year of our Lord one thouland feven hundred and twenty; all which annuities fo to be purchafed,

(hall be paid and payable at two of the moft ufual feafts or days of payment in the year; that is to fay, the feaft of Saint Mi~ ehael the archangel, and the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary, by even and equal portions.; the firft payment thereof to' be due at the feaft of Saiilt Michael the archangel in the year of pur Lord one thou&nd feven hundred and twenty.

'XXVII. And

Digitized by LjOOQle

220

Books to be

provided for entring the contributors names, and the funis.

The annuities

Anno fexto Georgii I. c. it.	[1711^

XXVII.	And it is hereby ensiled, That in the offices off the

auditor of the receipt, and the clerk of the peUs in the exchequer, federally, there (hall be provided and kept a book or booker in which there (hall be fairly entred the names of all who (hall be contributors for fuch certain annuities, as aforefaid, and of all perfons by whofe hands the (aid contributors (ball pay in any of the faid fums upon this ad, and alfo the Aims fo paid for fuch annuities, to which book it (hall be lawful for the Bud refpedive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators and affigns, from time to time, and at all feafonaUe times, to have re-fort, and to infped the fame, without fee or reward.	1

XXVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-

to be charged faid. That all and every the annuities fo to be purchafed upon on the duties this prefent a d (hall be and are hereby charged upon, and (nail agfing by this ^	payable, from time to time, out of die money arifing

by the faid rates and duties, and other provifions made by virtue of this a d for the payment thereof; and that all and every contributor and contributors upon this ad, duly paying the con-fideration or purchafe-money at the rate aforefaid, at or before the refpedive days or times in this ad limited in that behalf for any fuch annuity or annuities, as aforefaid, or fuch as he, (he or they (hall appoint, his, her, or their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors and affigns, (hall have, receive and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this ad to have, receive and enjoy the refpedive annuity and annuities, fo to be purebafed out of the monies by this ad appropriated, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf, as is above-mentioned; and that all and every fuch purchasers, their executors, adminiftrators, fuc-ceflors and affigns refpedively, (hall have good, fore, abfohite, and undefeaaible eftates and interefts in the feveral annuities fo by them refpedively to be purchafed, according to the tenor and true meaning of this ad; and that all fuch eftates and interefts of and in the faid annuities, and every of them, (hall be, and be adjudged, taken and accepted in conftrudion of law, and in all courts of law and equity whatfoever, to be a perfonal and not a real eftate, and (hall go to the executors or adminiftrators of (the perfon or perfons dying poffeifed thereof, interefted therein, ,or entitled thereunto, and not to the heirs of fuch perfon orjpcr-fons ; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftand-jng : and that all the (aid annuities to be purchafed on this ad, as aforefaid, and every of them, (hall be free from all taxes, charges and impofitions whatfoever.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-g° have^tallies That every contributor upon this ad for any fuch annuity ftruc^fW* or annuities, as aforefaid, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors or affigns, upon payment of the confederation or purchafe-money for the fame, at tne rate aforefaid, or any part or proportion thereof, into the faid receipt of exchequer* within the time or times in this ad limited in that behalf, ffiaU #iflf&5diately have pn$ or jqore talley pr tollje§ levied, import-

n

Annuities a perfonal c-ftate and to *o executors.

Tax-free. (Contributors

their an

&c.

Digitized by L^OOQle

221

1719*]	Anno fexto GeoRGH I. c. 11.

ing the receipt of <0 much purchafe-money at (hall be fo paid, and upon payment of all the purchafe-money for any annuity or annuities, at the rate aforefaid, every fuch contributor, hist her or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors or affigos re-(pe&ivcLy, (hall have an order for paying the faid annuity and annuities until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf $ which order (hall be figned by the treafurer and under treafurer of the exchequer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafuiV for the time being and after the figning thereof the fame (hall be firm, good, valid and effectual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning thereof, and of this ad, and (hall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removal of any treafurer or under treafurer of the exchequer, or any commifltoner or commiffioners of the treafury or by or upon the determination of the power, office or offices of them, or any of them* nor (hall any lord high treafurer of Gnat Britain, treafurer of the exchequer, or any commiffioners of the treafuiy now or for the time being, have power to revoke, countermand, or make void fuch orders fo figned, as aforefaid, or any of them.

XXX.	And for the encouragement of the contributors to ad- cl. per cent. Vance and pay readily into the receipt of the exchequer the fums for prompt by them intended to be advanced upon this alt: it is provided

and enaded by the authority aforefaid. That every fuch con- ^ tributor, who (hall advance and pay into the faid receipt of ex- * chequer, within the times limited by this ad, the purchafe-money payable for any fuch annuity or annuities, as aforefaid, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, oraffigns,

(hall be allowed and paid out of the contribution money arifingiby this ad, intereft after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum* for the prompt payment of the purchafe money, or of Rich proportions of the purchafe-money, as (hall befo advanced be-, fore the firft day of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty; the faid intereft to be computed for the refpedivc fums fo advanced and paid info the exchequer, from the time or re-tpedive times of the a&ual advancing and paying the fame into the exchequer, until the faid firft aay of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty.

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, that it (hall and may bePurchafer*

lawful to and for any purchafcr or purchafers of any fuch an-	°*

nuity or annuities, as aforefaid, his, her or their executors, ad- i^i^n^he miniftrators, fucceffors or affigns, at any time or times during annuities, &c. the continuance of his, her or their eftate or intereft of and in £79 Geo. 1. the fune, by any writing under his, her or their hands

fcals, or under the common feal of a corporation, or by his, her or their laft will in writing, to affign or devife his, her or their dorfementen eftate or intereft of and in any fuch annuity, or any part thereof, the order„ to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and fo tones quoties; and no fudi affignment to be revocable, fo as an entry or memorandum

Digitized by

Google

222

No purchafe unlefs one

Anno fexto Georgii I. c. n.	t,7I9-

morandum of fuch afllgnment 6r will be made in books to be kept for that purpofe in the faid office of the auditor of the receipt, within the fpace of three months after fuch 3flignment or death of the devifor: antf that upon producing fuch affignment or will, or probate thereof, in the laid office of receipt, to be entred, as aforefaid, the party fo producing the fame (hall bring therewith an affidavit taken before one or more of his Majefly'J juftices of the peace, of the due execution of the faid alignment or will, which affidavits (hall be feverally filed in the raid office, which faid entry or memorandum the proper officer? in in the faid receipt of exchequer are hereby required to make x-cordingly, anc^ to file the faid affidavits; and in default of fuch aflignment, or devife by deed or will, the intereft of fuch perfon or perfons (hall go to his or her executors or admim* ftrators.

XXXII. Provided always, That no perfon or perfons what-foever (hall or may purchafe or obtain, or be admitted to pur-fourth part of chafe or obtain any fuch certain annuity or annuities, as afore-the confidcra- faid, for which exchequer-orders are to oe made forth, as afore-paid b^nC^	UP011	unlefe	the	whole,	or	one	fourth part at teaif,

^ June 17x0. °f t^e confideration-money for the fame, at fuch rate, as afbre-faid, be advanced and paid into the faid receipt of exchequer, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand (even hundred and twenty.

Purchafersnot XXXIII. Provided alfo, That in cafe any fuch contributor,as paying in aforefaid, who (hall, on or before the faid twenty-fourth day of at the^m? June onc thoufand feven hundred and twenty, have advanced into the exchequer, one fourth part of his, her or their purchafe-money, or his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflon or afligns, do not advance and pay into the faid receipt of exchequer, one fourth part of his, her or their confiderafion-money fo to be paid for fuch refpeftive annuity or annuities, as aforefaid, on or before the faid firft day of Avguji one thoufand feven hundred and twenty; and one other fourth part thereof, on or before the faid firft day of Oflober one thoufand feven hundred and twenty; and the remaining fourty part thereof on or before the faid firft day of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty ; then and in evenr fuch cafe refpeftively, no order (hall be drawn or figned for (uch refpeftive annuity for which the confideration-money (hall not be fully paid, as aforefaid, but fo much of the confideration-money as (hall have been actoai/y paid into the receipt of exchequer for fuch refpeftive annuity, (hall be forfeited to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and (hall be applied, together with other the monies to be raifed by this aft, for fuch publick fcrvlces, as aforefaid ; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled, for the better encouraging perfons to advance the faid fum of three hundred and twelve thoufand pounds upon the refpeftive terms and advantages in this aft mentioned, That all receipts and ifliies, and all otfttf things directed by this aft to be performed in the exchequer,

(hall

appointed; forfeit what paid in.

All receipts and iiTues to be without fee.

Digitized by

Google

*779*]	Anno	fexto	Georgii I. c. 11.	$23

(hall be done and performed by the officers there, without demanding or receiving, directly or indiredty, any fee, gratuity or reward for the fame, otherwife than by this ad is appointed ; Penalty on of-and in cafe the officers in the exchequer (hall take or demand ?ccrs offcud" any fuch fee or reward, otherwife than by this ad is appointed,1Bg* or (hall divert or mifapply any of the monies to be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, for making up the afbrefaid fund, or (hall pay or ifliie out of the fame otherwife than according to the intent of this ad, or (hall not keep b6oks and regifters, and make entries, and do and perform all other things which by this ad they are required to perform, every fuch officer (hall forfeit his office, and be for the future incapable of any office or place of truft whatsoever. and (hall anfwer and pay treble damages and colts of fuit to any contributor or perfon claiming under him, that will fue for the fame, to be recovered by adiorx of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majefty's court9 of record at iVeftmin/lerj wherein no efToin, protedion, privilege of parliament, or other privilege or wager of law, injundion or order of reftraint, or more than one imparlance (hall be granted oc allowed, and in the faid adion the plaintiff upon recovery (hall have full cods $ one third of which fum fo to be recovered fhali be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, for the benefit of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other two third parts (hall be to and for the ufe of the profecutor.

XXXV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the Trcafury to authority aforefaid. That out of the monies from time to time reward tbe arifing at the faid receipt of exchequer, of or for the faid duties officers and on plate or manufadures of filver hereby granted and appro- clc^s» ^c* priated, as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the f,^cnCtharsC faid commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, charges oat of or the high treafurer for the time being, to reward the officers the monies to and clerks in the exchequer, and others that (hall and may be *rife bythi# any way imployed in the execution of this ad, in relation to ****

the faid annuities to be payable thereupon, for their labour, pains and fervice therein refpedively, and to difeharge and fatis-fy fuch incident charges as (hall neceflarily attend the execution of the fame, in fuch manner as the commiflioners of the treafury or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being (hall, from time to time, think fit and reafonable in that behalf; any thing in this ad contained to thetontrary not-with (landing.

XXXVI.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded, $orpius That in cafe there (hall be any furplus pr remainder of the referved tor monies arifing by the rates and duties granted by this ad, at publick uic. the end of any year, for which the faid annuities are to be payable, after all the annuities, charges and payments direded or authorized by this ad, (hall be fully fatisfied, paid and difeharg-*

cd, or money fufficicnt (hall he referved for that purpofe, fuch fcirplus or remainder (hall be referved for the publick ufe, and (hall be difpofed and difpofeable by authority of parliament, and not otherwife,

XXXVII.	And

Digitized by v^,ooQle

General iflue.

On publick notice in the gazette, and on the exchange, at any of the quarterly ieaft-day*, and on repayment of the principal, then they are toceafe.

and any vote of the commons figned by the fpeaker, (hall be fufficient notice.

4Qeo. a. c. 8.

Anno fexto Geo&gii I. e. I1.	I1!*?*

XXXVII.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority afore-faid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or tiroes be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or exe-, cuted in purfuance of this ad, or of any matter or thing in this

ad contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general i(Tue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence j and if upon the trial a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hail be* coihe nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXXVIII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby en2&ed by the authority aforefaid. That at any time upon publick notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Rsyd Exchange in London, by authority of parliament, at any of the faid quarterly feaft-days for payment of the faid annuities to be payable out of the faid particular fund,* not exceeding twenty thoufand pounds per annum-, and upon repayment by parliament of the refpeftive principal fums tor which the fame annuities (hall be payable to fuch refpedtive perfons and corporations as (hall be entitled to the lame annuities, and alfo upon fiiif payment of all arrearages of the fame annuities, to be computed by the day after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, till fuch actual repayment, then and not till then the feme annuities (hall ceafe and determine; any thing herein contained to contrary notwithftanding: and that any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons figned by the fpeaker in writing, to be in-ferted in the faid London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be fufficient notice within the words and meaning of this aCh

XXXIX.	And whereas by virtue of an aft of parliament made in the fourth year of your Majefty's reign, intituled, Anadfor veiling the forfeited eftates in Great Britain and Ireland in truftees, to be fold for the ufe of the publick ; and for giving relief to lawful creditors by determining the claims; and for the more effectual bringing into the refpeCtive exchequers the rents and profits of the faid eftates till fold, and by feveral other afts of parliament relating to thefaid forfeited eftates, feveralfums of money have already been raifed and paid tnto the receipts of the refpeftrve txch** quers ^England, Scotland and Ireland, orfome of them, and feve» ral confiderable fums of money arifing or to arije of or for the fad forfeited eftates, are expefted to be brought and paid into the fad exchequers refpeftively: now we your Majefty’s faid dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the faid commons of Great Britain in parliament af-fembled, for defraying your Majefty’s publick expences and oc-cafions before-mentioned, have further given and granted, and do by this a6t give and grant to your Majefty the full fum of two liundred thoufand feven hundred thirty* feven pounds fourteen (hillings and nine pence farthing, to be taken out of the clear produce of the forfeitures for treafon, arifen or to arife in* to the receipts of the faid exchequers, every or any of them*

tier

Digitized by

Google

jftg.jl Anno fexto Georgii I. c. r*.

over and above the (alaries and other charges payable for the recovery of the faid forfeitures; and do moft humbly befeech your Mpjefty that it may be ena&ed$ and be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid fum of two hundred thoufand feven hundred thirty feven pounds fourteen (hillings and nine od^Jqou^of pence farthing, by fuch proportions at a time as the commif- the dear pro-timers of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, duce arifmg or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall find moft con- J?/ &!e °flhe ducible to the publick fervice, (hall and may be t^ken and ap- t0 he plied out of the clear produce of the forfeitures for treafon, an fen applied to-or to arife into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, over and wards his Ma-above the faid falaries and other charges payable for the reco- ictty’8 publick very of the faid forfeitures; and the faid commiffioners of the cxPcnccs-treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer /or the time being, are hereby authorized and empowered to ■flue and apply, or caufe to be lflued and applied, the fame ac- . cordingly j any former law or ftatutc to the contrary notwith-Handing.

XL. And whereas certain duties upon bops were by an aft of par- OaufeToyr takr Jiament made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majejly Queen

ex*

Anne, of bleffed memory, intituled. An act for laying a "duty upoA upon hop^*

hops, impofed for the term of four years, reckoned from the firjl day ported for Ire of June one thoufand feven hundred and eleven, and were by an aft land.

of the firjl year of your Majejly*s reign continued until the firjl day of 2j^nn*c,ia* Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and fifteen; and by another aft the fame year were granted to your Majejly, your heirs and fuccejfors Ct a. for ever, fubjeft neverthelefs to redemption by parliament: tn and by i Geo. t. flat, tubich afts, or fome of them, (amongft other things therein contained)1<c* n.fe&.j, it was provided. That it jhculd and might be lawful to and for any ptrfon or per fins, who Jhould have aftuauy paid the duty thereby payable for any quantity af hops whatfoever of Britifti growth, and to and for any other perfin or perfons, who Jhould buy or be lawfully entitled to any fuch quantity of hops of Britifti growth from the faid perfin or perfons who aftually paid the faid duty for the fame, to export fuch hops, being of Britifh growth, for Ireland by way of merchandize ; and that upon giving fuch fecurity, and performing fuch other requifites as by the faid afts, or fome of them, are prefenbed, the euflomer or collector pfthe port where fuch hops jhall be exported,

/ball give to the exporter a debenture expreffing the true quantity of the Britifh hops fo exported; and that upon fuch debenture the find duty jhall be repaid, or the fecurity for the Jame be difcharged in the manner and farm thereby prescribed, as by the faid afts of parliament, relation being thereunto feverally had, may more fully appear: and whereas the faid duty upon bops of Britifh growth is very moderatef and fitch bops exported for Ireland may reafinably bear the fame duty which is charged upon thofe confumtd in Great Britain: now we your Majefty’s faid dutiful and loyal fubjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being minded and der (irous to improve the publick revenues, which are applicable to the difeharging 6f publick debts and incumbrances, dp further humbly pray your Majefty, that it may be ei^dt^d ; and be You Xiv,	4

(tat.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno fexto GeorgiiT. c. ii.

enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the laid duty upon hops of Britijb growth, or any part thereof, (hall not be repaid or drawn back for any fuch hops which ft\all be exported or (hipped to be exported for Ireland, at any time or times after the firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty *, and that no debenture or certificate (hall be granted or made forth for or in order to the repayment or drawing back of the fame duty for or upon any fuch hops fo exported or (hipped to be exported for Ireland after the faid firft day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty; but fuch drawback or repayment from thenceforth (hall ceafe and determine; the (aid recked ads of parliament, or any other law or ftatute to the contrary not-withftanding.

XLI. And whereas it may be requifite for encouraging the feverd manufaflures of wrought plate, to continue both the fiandard of plate of eleven ounces ten-penny weight Troy, and alfo the fiandard of eleven ounces two-penny weight Troy, for the better accommodating the buyers of plate and the workers and dealers therein: be it tbere-The two diflfe- fore enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the rent ftandards jay Qf June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty all fil-

plate^continu- ver vc“e*s P^atc or manufactured of filver (hall not be made ed%	lefs in finenefs titan that of eleven ounces ten-penny weight of

fine filver in every pound Troy, or of filver lefs in finenefs than eleven ounces two-penny weight of fine filver in every pound Troy; which two different ftandards of wrought plate (hall bt feverally and refpeCtively marked with diftinguiihing marks, iiifhin m”	ls t0 ky) ve^s made of filver plate or manufactured fil-

marksforthe ver not kk in finenefs than eleven ounces ten-penny weight of two ftandards. fine filver in every pound Troy, to be marked with the work* man’s mark, the mark of the wardens of the myfteiy or craft of the goldfmiths; and with the figure of a lion’s head era fed, and the figure of a woman called the Britannia; and all vcfiels of filver plate or manufactured filver not lefs in finenefs than eleven ounces two-penny weight of fine filver in every pound Troy, and under the degree of eleven ounces ten penny weight of fine filver in every pound Troy, (hall be marked with the No plate to be workman’s mark, and the wardens of the myftery or craft of of a coarfer goldfmiths as aforefaid, and with the figure of a lion pafiant, allay.	and the figure of a leopard’s head; and that it (hall not be law-

ful to make any vefiels of filver plate or manufactures of filver of a coarfer allay than what is herein fpecified, under the penalties and forfeitures preferibed by any of the laws now in being concerning wrought plate; any thing in this aCt or any Not to invali- other aCt or aCts to the contrary notwithftanding. date the pro- XLII. Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority vifionot aforefaid, That nothing in this prefent aCt contained (hall be ere&ine *°r con^rue^ any way t0 invalidate or infringe a provifion made by fjhools in the an aCt pafled in the fourth year of his Majefty’s reign for appro-highlands. priatine a fum not exceeding twenty thoufand pounds, to be 4. Geo. 1. c. 8. applied towards erecting and maintaining fchools in the high-led:. 31. lands of Scotland, nor to alter the order and manner appointed by the faid aft for raifing the faid' fum out of the monies which .	(hall

Digitized by Google

1719*] Anno fetto Georgii I. c> 11.

(hall arife by falc of the forfeited eftates in Scotland 5 any thing in this prefent aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLIII. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Appropria-all the monies lent and to be lent to his Majefty upon one aft tlon °* the of this feflion of parliament, intituled. An act for granting to his feffion" Majefty an aid by a land-tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the 6 Geo. 1. c. i\ fervid of the year one thoufand feven hundred and tiventy, and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted, as (hall arife and remain after all the loans made or to be made on that aft, and the intereft thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the faid tax (hall be fatisfied, or monies fufficient (hall he referved to difeharge the fame $ and all the monies lent or to be lent to his Majefty upon an a<5t of this feffiori of parliament, intituled, ^ aft for continuing the duties on 6 Geo. malty munty cyder and perry,for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty > and for enabling the lords commifftoners of his Majeft/s treafury to call in fuch exchequer-bills as arc to be cancelled and difeharged with money appointed for that purpofey and fo much of the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry thereby granted or continued, as (hall arife and remain (if any fuch be) after all the loans made or to be made on the fame aft, or thereby transferred or direfted to be transferred thereunto, and all the intereft thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the fame duties (hall be fatisfied, or monies fufficient (hall be referved to difeharge the fame; and the faid fum not exceeding three hundred and twelve thoufand pounds intended to be raifed as aforefaid ; and the faid fum of two hundred thoufand feven hundred thirty feven pounds fourteen (hillings and nine pence farthing, to be taken out of the faid clear produce of forfeitures, in purfuance of this* prefent aft, (hall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for or towards the feveral ufes, intents and purpofes herein expreffed, fubieft neverthelefs to fuch reftric-tions are herein after preferibed; that is to fay, it is hereby en- *g, 0491.31. a&ed and declared. That out of all or any the aids or fupplics id. and one provided as aforefaid there (hall and may be iffued and applied Part * any fum not exceeding eighty eight thoufand forty nine pounds ^XTgood three (hillings one penny and one fifth part of a penny to make the general

?;ood the deficiency of the fund commonly called the general fund, und, for raifing feven hundred and twenty four thoufand eight. hundred and forty nine pounds fix (hillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annumy for the year ended at Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen.

XLIV. And it is hereby enafted and declared. That out por naval fer-all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid there (hall vices, or may be iffued or applied any fum or films of money not exceeding one million three hundred ninety feven thoufand feven hundred thirty three pounds fixteen (hillings and three pence and five tenth parts of a penny, for or towards the naval fer-vices following; that is to fay, any fums not exceeding three hundred feventy feven thoufand five hundred fixty one pounds 6x (hillings and nine pence halfpenny, for making good feveral

Q2	extra-

Digitized by

Google

2,28	Anno	fexto Georgii I. c. n? £1719;

extraordinary expcnces for the fervice of his Maiefty’s navy and the vidualling thereof for the year one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, not provided for by parliament; and any further fum and fums of money not exceeding nine hundred and nineteen thoufand nine hundred and eighteen pounds ten (hillings and eight pence, for or towards defraying the charges of the ordinary of his Majefty’s navy and for half-pay to fea-officers, and for or towards vi&ual, wages, wear and tear of the navy and victualling thereof performed and to be performed ; and for or towards fea-fervices in the office of ordnance performed and to be performed, and other fervices of the navy performed and to be performed; and any further fum and fums of money not exceeding Seventy nine thoufand feven hundred twenty three pounds, for or towards repays of his Majefty’s navy performed or to be performed; and any further futn and fums of money pot exceeding twenty thoufand five hundred and thirty pooods eighteen (hillings ana ten pence, for extraordinary charge of the tranfport-fervices for the year ope thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, not provided for by parliament.

Fortheord- XLV. And it is hereby alfo enabled. That out of all or any nanc£%r the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid there (hall or may be —“ • ryice« iflued and applied any fum or fums of jnoney not exceeding eighty one thoufand feven hundred and twenty pounds two (hillings and one halfpenny, for defraying the charge of the office of his Majefty’s ordnance for land-iervices performed and to be performed; and for or towards making good the exceed-ings in that office in the year one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen.

For land- XLV I. And it is hereby likewife enabled. That out of aS or forces guards any t^e a*1(]s or fUpp]ies provided as aforefaid there (hall or may &k gam ^ iffued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the fum or nine hundred twenty fix thoufand fix hundred forty three pounds fixteen (hillings and eight pence, for or towards maintaining his Majefty’s land-forces and other fervices herein after more particularly exprefled ; that is to fay, any fum not exceeding five hundred fixty three thoufand five hundred and eight pounds fifteen (hillings, for defraying the charge of fourteen thoufand four hundred and fixty nine efitc-tive men (including commiffion and non-commiffion officers, and two thoufand and thirty four invalids) for guards and gar-rifons, and other his Majefty’s land-forces in Great Britain^ Jrr-fey and Gnernfeyy and other fervices relating to the forces for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty; and any fum and fums of money not exceeding one hundred forty eight thoufand gnd thirty five pounds nine (hillings and fixpence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majefty’s forces and garriions in the plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the gar-rifons at Annapolis and Placentia, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty; and any fum and fums of money notff-ceeding fixteen thoufand three hundred thirty one pounds «d t?n (hillings, upon accoypt for out pepfigners of Chitfea

Digitized by LjOOQle

2719*1	Anne fexto Georgii I. c. 11.	229

for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty; and any (urn and fums of money not exceeding ninety nine thoufand feven hundred fixty eight pounds two (hillings and one benny halfpenny, for defraying feveral extraordinary expences for tho fervice of his Majefty’s land-forces for the year one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen not provided for by parliament 5 and any fum or fums not exceeding ninety nine thoufand pounds* upon account of half-pay for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, to be paid to the reduced officers of his Ma-jefty's land-forces and marines: fubjedt neverthelefs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after preferibed in that behalf ; and that the faid aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid (hall not be iffued or applied to any ufe; intent or purpofe whatfoever, other than the ufes and purpofes before-mentioned.

XLVII. Provided always. That fuch fums as by or in pur- pOT tj,e (uance of any other a& or a&s of parliament are or (hall be due miflioners of or payable to any commilfioners for taking, examining, dating army ac-and determining the debts due to the army, for their falaries, count#« or for their clerks, or other incident charges, (hall or may be paid out of the aids or fupplies aforefaid, or any of them ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithdanding.

XLVIII. And as to the (aid fum of ninety nine thoufand R„jes to be pounds by this adt appropriated on account of half-pay as obferved in aforefaid, it is hereby enadted and declared by the authority l.hc applica-aforefaid. That the rules herein after preferibed (hall be duly hS.pay. obferved in the application thereof; that is to (ay,	?

That no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor, under the age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop or company in which he ferved was reduced.

That no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfons who did adtual fervice in fome regiment, troop or company*

That no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majedy, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay*

That no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiadical benefice, or other preferment in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay.

That no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who hath refigned his commiflion, and has had no commiflion fince.

That no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any perfons by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons who would have been otherwife entitled to the fame as reduced officers.

And that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the edabliftimentof half-pay in Great Britain.

Q 3	XL1X. Jnf

Digitized by L^ooQle

ajo	Anno	fexto	Georcii	I. c. n. [1719J

5 Geo. i. c.19. XLIX. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the fifth year of his Majefifs reign, intituled, An ad for redeeming the fund appropriated for payment of the lottery-tickets which were made forth for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ten, by a voluntary fubfeription of the proprietors in-to the capital ftock of the South-Sea company; and for railing a fum of money to pay off fuch debts and incumbrances as are therein mentioned ; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament; and to limit times for prolecution* upon bonds for exporting cards and dice, fevered fupplies which had been granted to his Majefiy, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to feveral ufes and purpofes therein exprtjfed; amougft which any fum or ferns not exceeding} the fum of one hundred and ten thoufand pounds, upon account of half-pay for the year one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefifs land-forces and marine s,fubjeft never-thelefs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the [aid half-as in and by the a for faid aft were preferibed in that behalf 5 and the deficiencies of the Jaid fuppUes are made good, or enafted to be made good by grants in this feffion of parliament: now it is hereby pro-Overoltrs o£	ena&cd and declared by the authority aforefaid. That Co

1 ail year’s	much of the faid fum of one hundred and ten thoufand pounds,

hall-pay, for as is or (hall be more than fufficient to fatisfy the faid reduced thecompaf- officers, according to the faid rules by the aforefaid ad pre-honate lilt. fcribed to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, (hall or may be difpofed to fuch officers who were maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or to fuch others, as by reafon of their long fcrvice, or otherwife, his Ma-jefty (hall judge to be proper objo&s of charity, or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to iuch warrant or warrants under his Majefty’s royal fign manual, as (hail be fign-• cd in that behalf; any thing in this or the laid former ad to the contrary notwithstanding.

L. An whereas the corporation of the governor and company of vent counted* merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other feithig°re- ^ Parts ‘/America, and for encouraging the fijhery, may iffiue out receipts and ceipts under the hand or hands of one or more of their officers, from warrants of time to time, upon or for fubferiptions to be by the faid company taken the South^sea f°r inereafng their capitalfiock, purfuant to an aft of this prefent fef-company." ** fon of parliament in that behalf and may alfo Ufue out warrants under the hand or hands of one or more of their officers for the dividend from time to time to be made to the proprietors of the fiock in the faid company: it is hereby ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall forge, counterfeit or alter any fuch receipt or receipts, warrant or warrants, or any, in-dorfement or writing, indorfements or writings thereupon or therein, or (hall tender any fuch forged, counterfeited or altered receipt or receipts, warrant or warrants, or any fuch receipt or receipts, warrant or warrants, with fuch counterfeit indorfe-ment, or writing thereon or therein, knowing the fame to be Co forged, counterfeited or altered, to the faid conopany, or any of their officers, or (hall offer to alienate or difpofe of the feme,

know-

Digitized by Google

231

1719*1	Anno	fexto	Georgii	I. c. 11.

knowing the fame to be forged, counterfeited or altered, and with intent to defraud the faid company, or any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, then and in fuch cafe every fuch perfon or perfons, fo offending (being thereof lawfully con-vided) fhall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

LI. And whereas by an aft pajfed lajl feffion of parliament in- ciaufe for ex* tituled, An ad for the recovery of the credit of the Britijh fifhery plaining the in foreign parts, and for better fecuring the duties upon fait, a&5Gco-x* liberty is given to his Majefifs fubjefts to import foreign fak for the cerntn^fo-ufe of the fijhery duty-free after Midfummer-day one thoufand feven rc‘,g„ lajt ~ccjm hundred and nineteen ; and it being at the fame time intended by the larcd and faid aft, That all fuch foreign fak as was imported, weighed, cellared J.ockcd ljP bc~ and locked up in the prefence of an officer for the duties upon fait, and ****14 ^unc under the joint cujlody of fuch officer and the importer thereof before 17 the faid twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, Jhould have the benefit of being turned over as flock in hand, and be made ufe of in the fijhery duty-free; but for want offufficient words to exprefs clearly and plainly the intention of the faid aft, in relation to fuch foreign fait fo imported as aforefaid before the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, the proprietors of the faid fait have, to their great lofs and detriment, not been able to make ufe of the faid fait in the lajl fijhery, nor will, for the time to come, be enabled to make any ufe at all of it, unlefs the Jati aft be better explained: for remedy whereof, and to fupply the de-fed in the faid ad, be it, and it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch foreign fait fo imported, cellared and locked up as aforefaid before the faid twenty fourth of June one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, (hall, at the defire of the proprietor or proprietors thereof, or his or their agent op agents, be turned over as ftock in hand for the ufe of the fifhery duty-free; fubjed neverthelefs to the fame conditions and re-ftridions as all other foreign fait intended for the ufe of the fifhery, and have the fame benefit and advantage as all other foreign fait intended for the ufe of the fifhery, and imported after- the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen; any thit)g in this ad, or any other, to , the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

LH. And for the relief of any perfon or perfons, who through ne- Ciaufe for gleft or inadvertency have emitted to pay the jeveral rates and duties a *

Upon monies given, paid or contra ft ed for with apprentices, and to p^n^dutiei have A he indentures or contraftsJlampt within the times for tkofe pur- on appren-pofes Vffpefttvely limited by tin afts of parliament in that cafe made: tices inden-be iwenaded by the authority aforefaid, That upon payment ofturcs* the feveral rates and duties fo omitted or negleded to be paid as aforefaid, on or before the twenty ninth day of September in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, to fuch perfon or perfons to whom the fame ought to be paid, and tendring to be ftampt fuch indentures or contrads fo o-mitted to be ftampt at the fame time, or at any time on or before the twenty*-fifth day of December one thoufand feven hun-

0.4	dred

Digitized by

Google ■

232	Anno fexto Georgn L c. n. l*719 -

died and twenty* the fame indentures or contradr (hall be good and available in law or equity, and may be giveo in evidence ia any court whatfoever; and the apprentices therein named (hall be capable of following and exercifing the refpe&ive intended trades or employments, as fully as if the rates and duties to \ omitted had been duly paid within the refpedive times in the faid ads of parliament limited; and the perfons who have incurred any penalty by the omilTions aforefaid, are hereby acquitted and difcharged of and from the faid penalties; any thing in the faid ads contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI1I. And whereas Thomas Vernon, efq\ did in the month of SfU<f Tho*" May one tboufani feven hundred and fixteen import into the port of iaa*°Vcraon London, on hoard the jhip Lambert from Alexandria, four hales of efq j in rela-# fenna, containing three thoufand four hundred and eight pounds weighty tion to Senna and did then duly enter the fame at the cuftom-houfe, and paid and imported in difcharged the cuftoms and duties then due and payable by lam for the * 171 Jamey and actually fold the faid fenna on board the faid Jbip before entry made thereof as aforefaid, and the jame was accordingly delevered to the buyers: be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the faid fenna fhall not be chargeable with the duties > Geo. j.fiat, charged on fenna as a medicinal drug by the ad made in the

s.e. 43. firft year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft to continue duties for encouraging the coinage of money; and to charge the duties on fernia as a medicinal drug, and for the appropriating fevered fup-pUes granted to bis Majejiy.

CAP. XII.

An all far preventing of frauds and abufes in the allowances on damaged wines, and for lengthening the time far the drawbacks on the exportation of wines.

II7HERE AS by the tenth rule annexed to an alt of parliament tt Car. 1. c. 4. y y paJJed in the twelfth year of the reign of bis late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled, A fubfidy granted to the King erf* tonnage and poundage, and other fums of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported, which has been continued by Jevcral fubfequent alls, and is now in force, it is provided. That tf any wines fhall prove corrupt and unmerchantable, and fit for nothing but to diflil into hot waters, or to make vinegar, then every owner of fuch wines fhall be abated in the fubfidy according to fuch bis damages in thofe wines, by the difcrction of the collellors of the cuftoms and one of the principal officers: and whereas fevered other fubfidies, impoffi tions and duties have been fmee laid, ana are now payable to Us Majefty on the importation of wines into this kingdom by fever at alls ofparliament now in force; which feveral alls have reference to too fiord all of tonnage and poundage, and to the faid rule in making allowances for the damages out of the refpeHive duties on wines imported (except the duty payable on wines for the encouraging of coinage, by at Car. a, e. 5. an alt pajfed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his faid late nut-fifty King Charles the Second:) and whereas frequent difputes da arife between tpe officers of the cuftoms and tht merchants, in the making and adjufting the allowances wbqh damaged wines may de*

ferve%

Digitized by CjOOQle



.1719.]	Anno fexto Georoii I. c. 12.	233

ferve, the fame depending far the moft part on the tafle thereof: for the preventing the like difputes for the future, be it enafled by the king’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Af M fame. That from and after the fecond day of May in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, the faid tenth rule an-tenth rule annexed to the faid a& of tonnage and poundage be, nexed to the and the fame is hereby repealed, made void, and (hall no longer ^nd^e be put in practice; any thing in the faid adt of tonnage ^nd fedibcrepS-poundage, or in any other adt or adks, in any wife to the con- ed. trary not withftanding.

II.	And whereas it may be reafonable to make the merchants im-

porters of wine a compenfation far the allowances they would have re* reived out of the feveral duties of their damaged wines by virtue of the faid tenth rule> whereby the revenue may be collided with greater certainty, and not fo liable to abufe: be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid fecond day of	ta

May one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, there (hall be merchant*, made, as well to the merchant at importation, as alfo to the &c, out of the prizage-mafter or proprietor of the duties of prizage, out of all grofs duties the feveral grofs duties now laid upon wines in calks (except

the coinage-duty before-mentioned) over and above the prefent in abatements and difcounts, the feveral allowances hereafter-men-tioned; that is to fay, Out of the leveral grofs duties (except the coinage) now laid upon Rheni/b wine, or wine of the growth ^ if* of Germany, or wines which pay duty as fuch, an allowance refrained. after the rate of two pounds per centum5 upon French wines, or wines of the growth of Francej or of any of the French King’s do-	f

.minions, an allowance after the rate of fix pounds per centum; bededu&ed and upon Spam fa Portugal, and all other wines (except Rhenijh on the deben-or French) an allowance after the.rate of ten pounds per centum: tune if the the (aid feveral allowances after the rate of two per centum, fix per centum, and ten per centum, to be deducted on the debenture, cx*K>rt~ in cafe the wines be again exported; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the audio- Damaged or rity aforefaid. That in cafe any merchant or other perfon, (hall ^merchant-, find his wine or any part thereof fo damaged, corrupt or un- jj” b^ftav-merchantable, that he lhall refufe to pay or fecure the duties for ed, and the" the fame, he (hall have liberty, immediately after the landing duty rcpaidr the wines, to ftave, fpill, or otherwife deftroy fuch wines in the &c-prefence of two or more of the officers ot the cuftoms, to be appointed by the colle&or, and one of the principal officers of

the port, who (hall take an exaft account of the quantity of wine which the merchant or other perfon (hall fo ftave, fpill or	commlpbn-

otherwife deftroy, to the end the duty of fuch wine may be re- ers men fell <fa-paid, without any delay or charge to the merchant, by ccrtifi- staged wines, cate, or that the quantity of wine fo ftaved, fpilt or otherwife ^Cm deftroyed, be deduced from the foot of the account of the merchant refufing to pay or fecure the duty of fuch wine, as afore-

,	&<U

Digitized by L,ooQle

Compenfadon to be allowed for the freight of wines to (laved.

Britifh merchants (hall have

18 months* and aliens 15, to export wines imported, tp be com* puted from the matter's ^ report 5 Eft-" larged by 7 Geo. 1. c. ai. (itft. to. Provided certificates .and , oaths be made, See.

The exporter to be allowed two thirds of the duty paid on importation, by the aft of 1 fie: a.

co-

This aft (hall not leflen the duties of pri-zage, See.

Anno facto Gborgii I. c. ii;	(1719.

faid, in the book or books kept by the proper officer or officers appointed to the difeharge of the (hip importing the wine.

IV.	And he it further enaded, That over and above the duties repaid or allowed, as aforefiud, the merchant or other perfon (hall, for every ton of wine, containing two hundred fifty and two gallons, of the growth of Germany, or wines which pay duties as fuch, and of the growth of France, fo ifaved, fpik or otherwife deftroyed, be allowed as a compenfation for the freight and other charges, the fum of four pounds; and wines of the growth of Spain, Portugal, and elfewhere, the fum of eight pounds per ton, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity, which allowances (hall without delay be paid by certificate out of the duties arifing by the faid ad of tonnage and poundage, and the officers are hereby required and tlirefted to make, pafs, and pay fuch certificate without fee or reward.

V.	And for the further encouragement of the wine-trade, he it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fecond day of May One thoufand feven hundred and twenty, every Briti/h merchant (hall have eighteen months time from the importation of all wines to export the fame; and every aIkn or ftrangef (hall have fifteen months time from the importation of all wines to export the fame, which importation (hail be reckoned from the mailer's report of the (hip; and (hail have the like benefit and drawback by fuch exportation, as if the fame had been exported within twelve months or nine months refpedively, as mentioned in the fecond and fourth rules annexed to the faid ad of tonnage and poundge; any law, cuftotn or ufage to the contrary in any Wife notwithftanding; provided certificates and oaths be made, and all other requifites performed, according to the; laws now in being, relating to the importation and exportation of wine.

VI.	And as a further encouragement, be it likewife enaded by the authority aforefaid. That over and above the prefect! duties drawn back on the exportation of wine, the merchant exporter be allowed, on the terms and conditions aforefaid, two thirds of the impoft duty paid on the importation of wine bj virtue of an ad of parliament patted in the firft year of King James the Second, intituled. An aft for granting to bis Majejlj an impofition upon ail wines and vinegar, imported between the four and twentieth of June one thoufand fix hundred and eighty five, and the four and twentieth 0/June one thoufand fix hundred ninety three, which by feveral fubfequent ads is continued and ftill in force, any thing in the faid ad, or in any other ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	Provided, and it is hereby declared and enaded. That any thing in this ad contained or to be done in execution thereof, lhall not extend or be conftrued to extend to diminifh or leflen the duties of prizage atid butlerage of wines due upon the importation of the fame, but‘that the faid duties (hall be col* leded, taken and received in the lame manner as if this prefotf ad had never been made.

CAP.

Digitized by Google

7 *9-3

Anno febcto Georgii I. c. t$. CAP. XIII.

*35

/In a£i for afcertaining the breadths, and preventing frauds and abufes in manufacturing ferges, pladings and fingrums, and for regulating the manufaftures of ftockings in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS many frauds and abufes are daily committed by <ibis aa is ex•«, perfons imployed in the wording up , of ferges, pladings and plained and fingrums, and alfo in the yjoriing and knitting of /lockings in that ame*f*d by part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the great prejudice of trade co*lm c* and commerce: for the better preventing whereof and the afcertain-iug the breadths offerges, pladings and fingrums, and for the regulating the mantlfaftures of knit ftockings in thai part of Great Britain Breadths, &c. called Scotland, be it enabled by the king’s molt excellent Ma- forums jefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual to be mad? in and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament, af- Scotland after fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after *• ,7ao-the firft day of September which (hall be in the year of opr Lord onp thoufand feven hundred arid twenty, every piece of plad-ing, and narrow and broad fingrums, w hich mall be wrought and made in any part of Scotland, (hall be of the feveral breadths and dimenfions herein after mentioned; (that is to fay) every piece of plading and narrow fingrums that (hall be fo made, ftiall be wrought and made of the fame fort of wool and yarn, and of equal work and finenefs from one end of the piece to the other, and (hall be at the lead twenty eight inches in breadth ; and that every piece of broad fingrum (hall be alfo wrought and jnade of one intire fort of wool and varn, and (hall be of equal work and finenefs from one end o( the piece to the other end thereof, and (hall at lead contain thirty eight inches in breadth.

II, And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all ftockings that (hall be made in Scotland, fhall be wrought and be madcTia made of three threads, and of one fort of wool and worded, and of Scotland, equal work and finenefs throughout, free of left loops, hanging hairs, and of burnt, cutted or mended holes, and of fuch (hapes and fizes refpe&ively as the patterns which (hall be marked by the feveral deans of gild of the chief boroughs of the lefpe&ive counties, according to the dimenfions following; viz. The ftockings for men called long (lockings, (hall not be above thirty fix, nor under thirty four inches in length from the top to the heel; and not above eight, nor under feven inches in breadth at the top; not above feven, nor under fix inches in breadth at the broadeft place of the calf; not above five, nor under four and an half inches breadth at the narrowed place of the ankle; and the ftockings of thirty fix inches in length, to be feventecn inches betwixt the top and the narrowed part of the ham, and .twenty one inches in length from the top to the broaded part of the calf; and that thofe of thirty four inches in length, be fifteen inches in length from the top to the narrowed part of the ham, and nineteen indies in length from the \op to the

. broadeft

Digitized by

Google

2^6	AnnofextD GeorCii L c. i$.	[1719;

broadeft place of the calf; that the feet of both the two fetes aforefcid, be full twelve inches in length from the heel to the toe, and from four and half to five inches in breadth : ftockings for men, called (hort ftockings, (hall not be above twenty eight, nor under twenty feven inches in length from the top to the heel, and not above feven, nor under fix and an half inches breadth at the top; not above feven, nor under fix inches in breadth at the broadeft place of the ham; not above five, nor under four and an hsflf inches at the narroweft place of the ankle; and the ftockings Of twenty eight inches in length, to be nine inches from the top to the Harrowed part of the ham, and thirteen inches from the top to the broadeft part of the ham; and thofe of twenty feven inches in length, to be eight inches from the top to the narroweft part of the him, and twdve inches from the top to the broadeft part of the ham; that the feet of the two laft mentioned fizes be fully twelve inches in length, from the heel to the toe, and not above five inches, nor under four inches in breadth: That all ftockings for Women or boys, (hall not be above twenty four, nor under twenty two inches in length, from the top to the heel, and not above fix and an half, nor under fix inches in breadth at the top ; nor above five and an half, nor under five inches in breadth at the narroweft place of the ankle; and the ftockings of twenty four inches in length, to be nine inches from the top to the narrow-eft part of tne ham, and twelve inches from the top to the broadeft part of the ham; and thofe of twenty two inches id length, to be feven inches from the top to the narroweft part of the ham, and ten inches from the top to the broadeft part of the ham; that the feet of fuch womens and boys ftockings be fully nine inches long, from the heel to the toe, and not above four, nor under three and an half inches in breadth; which pati terns fo marked by them, as aforefaid, (hall lie open in the cuf-tody of the feveral and refpedtiVe ftamp-mafters for all perfon* to lee.

Magiftrates of III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid*. head bo- That the magiftrates of the chief or head borougns royal or r°a8ftSt0pr° cvery refpe<^*ve Ihire, county or ftewartry in Scotland, (hall be and apapomt an<* are *ierc^y empowered and appointed, from time to time, perfonsfor to make or caufe to be made a (lamp or (lamps bearing the (tamping all arms of the fefpe&ive boroughs, and to appoint a fit perfon or ferge, itock- perfons for infpefting or damping all fuch ferges, pladings, fin-grums and ftockings, brought to be (lamped, ot the lengths* breadths, and qualities aforefaid $ which perfon or perions fo Stamp-matter nominated, (hall before his or their admiflion to that office of to be fworn ftamp-mafter, be obliged to take an oath iefidtli, and likewife curry1 VC ^	^urety *or faithful adminiftration and execution of his

office, for fuch fum of money as the faid magiftrates (hall ap* Juttices of point; and in like manner the jullices of the peace in their re-peace to ap- fpe<ftive counties and ftewartrics, and in default of them, the P°i|u ftajnps commiffioners of fupply, (hall be and are hereby impoweredand proper place* Gained* from time to time, at the quarterly feffions of (he

Digitized by v^ooQie

*719.3 Anno fexto Georgii I. c. 13;	237

faid juftices, or annual meetings of the faid commiflioners in Scotland, to appoint a (tamp or (lamps *to be made and kept at Stamp-feme proper place or places, where fuch ferges, pladings, fin-fna**crs1 Ikall grums and (lockings, are fold within the refpedlive counties, as their juftices of the peace, or commiflioners of fupply (hall think &c. nor (lamp proper; and that no ftamp-mafter (hall, for himfelf, or any other-any otherwile perfonor perfons, trade, traffick, buy, fell or difpofe of any fuch leiges, pladings, fingrums and (lockings, diredtly or indiredlly, ^CpCIiajL 0? or (hall ftamp any fuch ferges, pladings, fingrums and (lockings, 20s. &c. and which are not made of well forted yarn, equally wrought, and of incapacity for equal finenefs from one end of the piece to the other, and of fuchthe 4uturc* breadths, lengths, fizes and fcantlings, as aforefaid, he or they fo negledling or offending, (hall forfeit for every piece of fuch ferges, pladings and fingrums, the fum of twenty (hillings, and for every dozen pair of (lockings, not fo made and wrought, as Exporting aforefaio, the fum of twenty (hillings, and (hall be made incap- fuch ferges, able of ferving in any fuch office for the future; and if any per- *c> before fbn or perfons in that part of Great Britain aforefaid, (hall buy,{ol-fcuios. export, or tranfport, or carry to the water-fide, in order to be for etch piece, exported or tranfported, any fuch ferges, pladings, fingrums and for every of (lockings of Scotland, after the firfl day of December which doz5* Pair °* fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred arid twenty, before the ftamp be fixed, as aforefaid, he or they fo offending, and being thereof convibled (hall, for each piece counterfeit-, of fuch ferge, pladings and fingrums, forfeit the Jum of twenty *Ing thc ftamp Shillings fterling, and for every dozen pair of fuch (lockings, the to forfeit 5I. fom of twenty (hillings fterling; and if any perfon (hall affix or ?r months counterfeit any ftamp, without the authority aforefaid, fuch per- ^rnt i£ "infon or perfons fo offending (hall forfeit refpebtively the fum of five foivent!. pounds fterling, or fix months imprifonment, if found infolvent.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Deant of That the faid deans of gilds of the feveral head boroughs of Sudd*» bw*-the refpedtwe counties (hall, and are hereby declared to be the judge? foie judge within the refpeblive borough, and the faid dean of of offences a-gild, together with the heretors or proprietors of all and every gainft thiaaft, publick fair or market, pr any having their authority, are hereby declared to be jointly judges of the offences committed

againft this prefent adt; and in default of the faid dean of gild, or of the faid mailer of the fair‘or market, or his deputy, that either of the faid judges (hall be the foie judge of fuch offence committed in fuch places, villages, fairs and markets, where the aforefaid goods, wares and merchandizes (hall be vended or ex-pofed to (ale, as aforefaid, to and for all and every the intents hereby fpecified and contained touching the fame accordingly.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Tnat Serges, &c. all fuch ferges, pladings, fingrums and (lockings already made already raadef and wrought, and which (hall be hereafter made and wrought

10 Scotland, which are not of the length, breadth, fcantlings and u fees herein before-mentioned and provided touching the fame, not of the itii every of them which (hall be fo made and wrought before f«wi befbre-fbe (aid £jrft dgy of September which (hall be in the year of our

i-ora

Digitized by L,ooQle

*38

ed or exported before De-ccmb. 1.1720.

Penalty on weavers working any fer^es, &c. otherwife than conformable to the above regulations, xo Goo.i.c. xt.

Owner to pay

the (tamp-matter 1 d. per piece for ierges. See. and 2d. per dozen for blockings.

Forfeiture* not paid within ten days after conviction may be levied by diitrefs.

If no diitrefs, offender to be committed not exceeding three months.

Penalty to be inflidted in 60 days. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to

Anno fexto GeoRGII I. C. i	[1719.

Lord one thou&nd feven hundred and $w*nty, (hall and may be fold, vended, exported or tranfported, as the refpeCtivc owners and proprietors thereof (hall judge proper and think fit, before the firft day of Dumber which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, fo as the fame, or any of them may not become forfeited, or liable to the feveral and refpeCtive forfeitures and penalties in this aCt mentioned and contained touching the fame.

VI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if any weaver or weavers, or other perfon or perfons what-foever, from and after the faid firft day of September, (hall make, work, or caufe to be made and wrought any of the aforefaid ferges, pladings, fingrums and ftockings, otherwiie than conformable and according to the aforefaid regulations and reftriCtions herein before-mentioned and explained touching the fame, and (hall be thereof convicted by the oaths of two or more credible witnefies, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings fterling, and the faid goods (hall alfo be confifcat.ed to the ufe of the informer, and fuch offender or offenders (hall alfo moreover pay the value of fuch goods to the refpedUve owner and owners thereof.

VII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every owner and owners ot fuch goods, before the fame (hall be fo marked and ftampt as aforefaid, (hall fisft pay or caufe to be paid unto the faid ftamp-mafter for every piece of fuch ferge, pladings and fingrums, fo to be by them marked and ftampt as aforefaid, the fum of one penny per piece $ and for every dozen of fuch ftockings fo to be by them marked and ftampt as aforefaid, the fum of two pence per dozen.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid* That if any offender (hall, by the fpace of ten days next after he (hall be convidled of any of the offences aforefaid, refute or neglcCt to pay any forfeiture by him incurred by reaJon or means of this prefent ad, then and not before it (hall and may be lawful for the judge or judges refpeCtively aforefaid, before whom fuch conviction (hall be made, and fuch judge or judges are hereby required to iffue out one or more warrants under his or their hands and feals to the refpeCtive officer or officers, or to the conftable of the town or place where fuch offender doth inhabit or can be found, within the limits of their refpeCtive ju^ rifdiCtions, to levy the fame by diftiefs of the offender's goods, returning the overplus {if any be) to the offender, ana if no fuch diftrefs can be found, to commit the offender to the houfe of correction, or gaol of the county or corporation, to be detained for fuch time as the judge or judges, before whom fuch conviction (hall be made, (hall direCt, not exceeding three months for any one offence.

IX.	Provided always, and be it enaCted, That the penalties incurred by reafon of this aCt, be inflicted within fixty days next after the offences be committed or difeovered.

X.	And be it further enaCted, That if anyjperfbn or perfonf do or (hall find him or themfelvea aggrieved by any ofrter *r

war#

Digitized by LjOOQle

<17*9*1	Anno	finoto	GeoRgii I. c<	239

warrant made by any of the judgb or judges upon any con* quarter fef-vidion before him or them, in porfuance of this aCl, fuch per-* “‘jT1.8* and the fon or perions may appeal to the next general quarter-feflions aUow^coSsf of the peace, to be held for the county or place where fuch conviction (hall be made, giving fufficient notice of fuch appeal ; and if the juftices of the peace at fuch feffioas (hall think fit to confirm or difannul the faid order or warranty they ihall allow fuch coils and charges to the party aggrieved thereby as they (hall think reafonable, to be levied and paid inluch manner as is ufual in other cafes of appeals from the . orders of any juftices of the peace to *the quarter-feffions;

GAP/ XIV.

An Ail for prohibiting the importation of raw Jtlk and mohair yarn of the praduft or manufacture of Afia, from any ports or places ih the Streights chr Levant feas, except fuch ports and places as are within the dominions of the Grand Seignior, 1	1

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament paffed in the twelfth year laCar.a.e^i*.

of the reign of bit late majejly King Charles the Second, intituled, An aCl for the encouraging and encreafing of (hipping and navigation, it is amongjl other things enafted, That no goods or commodities which are of foreign growth, production and manufacture*, which by the faid aft are to be brought into England, Ireland, Wales, the ijlands ^Guemfey or Jerfey, or town of Berwick upon Tweedy in Englirtv or other Jhippitig, navigated in fuch manner as therein is mentioned^ /hall be flipped or brought from any other place or places, country or countries? but only from ihofe of the faid growth, production or manufacture, or from thofe parts where the faid goods and commodities could only or were or ufually had been firjl flipped for transportation, and from none other places or countries : and whereas in the faid aft there is a provifo in the words following*, (vin.) Provided always. That this aCt, or any thing therein contained, extend not, or be meant to reftrain and prohibit the importation of any the commodities of the Streights or Levant fcas, Joaden in Englijh built (hipping, and whereof the mailer and three fourths of the mariners at lead are Englijh, from the ufual ports or places for lading of them heretofore within the (aid Streights or Levant feas, though the faid com-' modifies be not of the very growth of the faid places : and whereas at the time of paffing the fold recited aft, the Jub'jefts of France exported very little woollen manufacture into Turkey, and were then fupplied with great quantities of woollen goods from England- for their own ufe, and liiewife witty raw fills, arid other goods of Turkey, which were the returns of Englilh woolen manufactures', for all which the importation into France was then free for the fubjefts of England : and whereas the woollen manufacture in France has fince that time been greatly tncreafed* and very large quantities of fuch goods are now annually imported from thence to Turkey, in return whereof they bring from theme raw ftlk pud other

com-

Digitized by t^ooQle

240

Anno fcxto Georgii I. Ct is.	[1719;

commodifies to Marfeilles, and ether parts in France, great quantities whereof are carried into Italy, and from thence imported into Great Britain in Engliih /hipping, greatly to the difeouragement of the woollen manufactures of Great Britain, and the advancement thereof in France ; and without feme fpeedy care therein, the Bri-tifli trade to Turkey wiU be daily lefftned^ and is in danger of being 1 w the pro- itlt*reb tyi1 be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excel-virgin the re- lent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords cited aft, a»to fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament the importa- aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and and mohair a^cr the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hun-yarn of the dred and twenty, the (aid laft recited claufe or provifo, as to produft of the importation of raw (ilk and mohair yam, of the produft or Afia, i« repeal-manufa<jhirc cfAfiay (hall be, and is hereby repealed, except-r plac^wrthjn iog only as to the ports and places in the faid Straights or U-the grand fig- Wttt feas which are withjut the dominions of the Grand Seig-

jiior's domi- MOT*

ftlons#	CAP. XV,

An aS to repeal fo much of the *8, intituled, An aft for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes in his Majeftfs cuftoms, pajfed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of King Charles the Second, as relates to the prohibiting the importation of deal-boards and fir-timber from Germany.

n & 14 Car. 2. \KT H ERE AS by a ciaufe in an a8 of parliament pajfed in the c. 11. left. 23. VV thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign ef King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for preventing frauds, and.regulat-ing abufes in his Majefty’s cuftoms, deal-boards and fir-timber are (among other things therein mentioned) prohibited te be imported from the Netherlands or Germany, upon any pretence wbatjoever,, in any Jort of Jbips or vejfels wlrntfoever, upon penalty of the tofs of all the faid goods, as alfo the Jbip and furniture: and whereas fir-timber, fir-planks, mafis, and deal-boards, are not only found to be ufeful and necejfary in the building and refitting bis Mejfly's /tips of war, and other Jbips and vejfels, but the fame have of late years beeny and now are very much ufed in and about all manner of buildings, which hath occaftoned Jo great a demand for, and cmfttmp-tion of the faid commodities, that the price thereof at the places from whence the jams may now be lawfully imported, is very much in-ere a fed, to the prejudice of trade9 which may be remedied, if the faid prohibition be taken off whereby the faid commodities will become After AMg-1- more plentiful, and the price thereof much reduced: be it therefore iPthe recited cna<^ec* by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the aft as prohi- advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and com? bits the iin- mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-porrxuonof rity of the fame, That from and after the firft day of Auguft a^fromGer- which lhall he ia the Ywr ^QUr kord onc thoufand feven hun? many only, * dred and twenty, fo much of the faid aft, intituled, AnaRfer (hall be re- preven,ting frauds * qttd mt/flting apu/ef in bh Mtytflfs tvfiqmsr& f ' *	‘pro*

1719 ] Anno fexto Georgii I. c. 16.

prohibits the importation of deal-boards and fir-timber from Germany only, (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, annulled and made void, to all intents and purpofes whatfo-ever.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majefty's fubjedts, to import any quantity or quantities of fir-timber, fir-planks, marts, and deal-boards, being of the growth of Germany, into this kingdom, from any port or place in Germany, in Briti/h built (hips only, fo as the owner or owners are his Majefty’s Britijb fubjedts, and whereof the mafter, and three fourths of the mariners at leaft are. Britijb fubjedts, paying the like rates and duties to his Majefty for the fame, as are now payable for fir-timber, fir-planks, marts, and deal-boards imported from Norway.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That this adt, or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to difeharge or repeal the faid claufe in the faid adt of parliament, fo far as the fame prohibits importation of the laid commodities from the Netherlands: but as to fuch importation thereof from the Netherlands, or any port or place therein, the before mentioned adt, and all the penalties and forfeitures therein contained, (hall be in full force and ef-fedt, as fully and entirely as if this adt had never been made; any thing in this prefent adt to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithitanding.

CAP. XVL

*4*

i3&t4.Car. a.

C. II'

His Majefty’s fubjedts may import fir-timber, &c. from Germany, paying the like duties as that im-

Ejrted from orway.

Not to repeal

the claufe in the recited adt fo far as it prohibits the importation of the faid commodities from the Netherlands.

An aft to explain and amend an aft pajfed in the firjl year of bis Majeftfs reign, intituled, An adt to encourage the ^planting‘of timber-trees, fruit-trees, and other trees, *for ornament, fhelter or profit, and for the better pre-fervation o£ the lame, and for the preventing the burning of woods, and for the better prefervation of the fences 6f fuch woods.

WHEREAS divers lewd, lawlefs, turbulent and diforder-ly perfons and others, Come times in an open, riotous and tumultuous manner, and at other times in a clandejline, malicious, and private manner, do (without the confent of the owners) enter the woods, wood-grounds, coppices, plantations, parks and chafes of divers lords of manors, and other owners and proprietors thereof, and male great havock and dejlruftion, by cutting down, breaking, throwing down, barkings plucking up, defacing, /polling, taking or carrying away, the wood, or fprings of wood, poles, woods, tops of trees, fruit-trees, thorns, quickfets and underwoods, there growing or being, and alfo by breaking open, throwing down, levelling or dejlroying the hedges, gates, pojls, files, railing, fences, ditches, banks, walls, or other inclofures of fuch woods, wood-grounds, parks, chafes or coppices, and the offenders therein beihg not difeovered, pats

Voi.xfv.	R	'	with

Digitized by LjOoqIc

*4*	AonofcxtoGfiORGiiI. c.i6.	[1719.

ivitk immunity, to tht great difcouragement of all owners, planters and prejervers of woody and to the great wrong and injury of fiub lords of manors, and other owners and proprietors of fetch woods* Wood-groundsy parkSy chafesy coppices y plantations y timber-trees* fruit-treesy or other treesy thorns or quickfets: and whereas form doubts have arifen whether the offences committed in the day-tune* mentioned in an aft pajfed in the prjl year of his Majejly's reigny in-i Geo. u flat, tituledy An aCt to encourage the planting of timber-trees, fruit-a. c. 48. trees, and other trees, for ornament, fhelter or profit, and for the better prefervation of the fame, and for the preventing the burning of woods, are punijhable by the faidaft: and whereas there is no provifeon made in the faid aft for panijhing the offences committed by perfons who Jball break openy throw downy level or deferoy the hedgeSy gates, pojlsy JlileSy railingy femeSy ditches y banks, walls or other inclofurts of .fetch woodsy wood-groundsy plantations and coppices: therefore for the explaining and amending the laid ad, and for remedying the feveral mifchiefs herein before-mentioned, and for the better preferving of all fuch wood-fprings or fprings of wood, poles, quick-woods, plantations, under-woods, coppice-woods, gates, pods, ftiles, railing, fences,

4	hedges, walls and other inclofures of woods, from being un-

lawfully cut, taken, fpoiled, broken, burnt, deftroyed, defaced or carried away ; and for the better difeovering and more effectual punifhment of fuch offenders therein, their aiders and abbettors ; and for the providing farisfaCtion for the damages the refpeftive proprietors thereof (hall fuftain thereby: be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by tbe autho-After June 14. taY fame. That if any perlon or perfons whatfoevet, from 1710. owners and after the twenty fourth day of June which fhaU be in the of trees, year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, fhaU, hedges, &c. either by day or by night, cut, take, deftroy, break, throw fpoiffic.ei-down> Pluck UP> burn» deface> fpoil or carry away any ther by day or wood-lprings or fprings of wood, trees, poles, wood, tops of by night, (hall trees, under-woods or coppice-woods, thorns or quickfets, have (aristae- without the confeot of the owner or owners of fuch woods, inhabium^of w°od-gr°unds, parks, chafes or coppices, plantations, timber-the place, in trees, fruit-trees or other trees, thorns or quickfets, or of the tbeumeman- perfon chiefly intruded with the care and cudody thereof, or *}?£ al xr°r	break open, throw down, level or dedroy any hedges,

overthrown in 8atcs> P°fts> ftiles’	walls,	fences, dikes, <Htches, banks

the night, is or other inclofures of fuch woods, wood-grounds, parks, chafes providW by or coppices, plantations, timber-trees, fruit-trees or other 13 Ed. i.	trees, thorns or quickfets, fuch lords of manors, owners and

proprietors of the fame, that is, are, (hall or may be damaged thereby, (hall have fuch remedy, and have and receive fuch (Satisfaction and recompence of and from the inhabitants of the parifhes, towns, hamlets, villages or places joining on foch wood-fprings or fprings of wood, wood-grounds, parks, chafes or coppices, and recover fuch damages agamd the parifli, town, %	hamlet.

Digitized by LjOOQle

1719.]	Anno	fexto GeoRGH I. c;i6.	243

hamlet, vill or place, parifhes, towns, hamlets, villages or places aforefaid, and in the fame manner and form as for dikes and hedges overthrown by perfons in the night, or at another fea-fon when they fuppofe not to be efpied, as in and by an ad of parliament made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King £dward the Firft, intituled. Lords may approve againji their neigh- nEd.x. ftat.i. hours: ufurpotions of commons during the ejiato of particular tenants,c*46, is fet forth and provided ; unlefs the party or parties fo offend- ualefs the of-ing (hall, by fuch pari(h, town, hamlet, vill or place, parifhes, fender be con-towns, hamlets, villages or places, be convicted of fuch offence vi&ed 6* within the fpace of fix months from the committing fuch offence months* or offences.; any law or conftrudion to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enaded and declared by the authority Two juftJccf aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons, at any time or times Qf peace of from and after the faid twenty-fourth day of June, in a riotous, the place, or open, tumultuous, or in a fecret and clandeftme manner, force- *he feffions, to ably or wrongfully and maJicioufiy, and without the confent of p^nuimd the proprietor, wood-reeve, wood-keeper or perfon chiefly in- finally dexer-trufted with the care, over-fight and cuftody of fuch woods, mine all of-wood-grounds, parks, chafes, coppices or plantations, (hall fences againft cut down, deftroy, break, bark, throw down, burn, take, de- t“w

face, fpoil or carry away any wood or fprings of wood, underwood or coppice-wood, or fhall in fuch a riotous, forceable, tumultuous, fecret or clandeftine manner as aforefaid malici-oufly break open, throw down, level or deftroy any hedges, gates, pofts, ftiles, rails* fences, ditches, banks or inclofures of fuch woods, wood-grounds, coppices, plantations, timber-trees, fruit-trees or other trees, thorns or quickfets, that then it fhall and may be lawful to and for any two or more juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, town, borough or corporation wherein any fuch offence or offences fhall be committed, or for the juftices in open feffions, upon complaint to them made by anv inhabitant of the aforefaid parifh, hamlet, vill or place, or of the owner of fuch tree or trees, woods, wood-grounds, parks, chafes, coppices or plantations, or of any other, to caufe fuch offender or offenders to be apprehended for the trefpafles and offences aforefaid, or any of them, and to hear and finally determine and adjudge all and every the offence and offences aforefaid : and if fuch juftices (hall And if they conviCt any perfon or perfons of all or any the trefpafles and conp^ offences aforefaid, then fuch juftices, immediately after fuch Pjgjg1 ,tfiea conviction, ihall and are hereby required to inflict all and eve- fame penal-ry the fame penalties and punifhments in the faid aCt of the firft ties, &c. as in vear of his Majetty's reign herein before-mentioned, as fully and 1 largely, and in the fame manner, for all and every the crimes I*ltat#2*c*4 • and offences herein before exprefled, although not contained in the (aid aCt, as if the fame were here again repeated and reenabled.

III.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a- pcrfon* fued forefaid. That in cafe any aCtion or actions, fait or fuits, mall may plead the

R 2	at	.

Digitized by t^ooQle

244-

general ifitie, and lhall recover treble colls.

43EI1Z. C. 12* 13 & 14 Car.2 c. 23.

Anno fexto Georgii I. c. 17,18.	[1719.

at any time hereafter be brought, commenced or protected againU any perfon or perfons for any caufe, matter or done in purfuance of this aft or the before recited a&s, that the defendant or defendants in fuch fuit or fuits (hall and may plead the general iflue, and thereupon give the fpecial matter of his defence in evidence; and in cafe a verdift pafles therein for fuch defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff becomes nonfuit, or difeontinues his aftion, the defendant or defendants in fach cafe (hall have and recover treble cofts; any law or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XVII.

An aft for appointing commiflioners to examine, date and determine the debts due to the army; and to examine and date the demands of k~ veral foreign princes and dates for fubfidies during the late nr. EXP.

CAP. XVIII.

An aft for better fecuring certain powers and privileges intended to be granted by bis Majefty by two charters far ajfurance of Jhips and merchandizes at feet, and for lending money upon bottomry \\ and for refraining federal extravagant and unwarrantable praftices therein mentioned.

TV TOST gracious Sovereign, whereas it hath for many ages pafl 1V1 been ejleemed good policy, by all proper u>ays and means, to fecure and encourage the trade of this realm, whereby the wealth and Jlrength of the fame, and particularly the Jhipping, navigation and public revenues thereof have been increafed; and it hath been, time out of mind, a cvjlom or ufage amongjl merchants, as xoell of this realm as of foreign notions, when they make any adventures at fca (efpecially into remote or dangerous parts) to give a premium er confideration to particular perfons, to have from fuch particular per-Jons ajfurance of or upon jhips, goods or merchandizes adventured, or fome of them, at fuch rates or prices as the parties ajfurers and the parties ajfured can agree, which kind of contra ft or dealing is commonly called a policy of ajfurance, and feveral laws and fiatuus new in force have been made concerning the fame ajfurances; notwitb-Jlanding which it is found by experience, that many particular per-• fons, after they have received large premiums or confideration-momes for or towards the infuring Jhips, goods and merchandizes at feay have become bankrupts or otherwife failed in anfwering or complying with their policies of ajfurance, whereby they were particularly engaged to make good or contribute towards the kjfes which merchants or traders have fujlained, to the ruin or impoverishment of many merchants and traders, and to the difeouragement of adventurers at fea, and to the great diminution of the trade, wcatW, Jlrength and publuk revenues of this kingdom: and whereas it is conceived, That if two feveral and dijlinft corporations, with a competent joint Jlock to each of them belonging, and under proper conditions, refiric-tions and regulations, were eroded an4 fftttbUJbei for ajfwrana sf 6	fifr*

Digitized by (^.ooQle

I7,9 ] Anno fexto Georgii I. c. 18.	245

Jhips* goods or merchandizes at fea* or going to fea (<txclujrue of all or any other corporations or bodies politick already created* or hereafter to be created* and likewife exclujive of fucb focieties or partner(hips as now are or may hereafter be entered into for that pur-pofe) feveral merchants or traders* who adventure their ejlates* or part of their eflates* in fuch Jhips* goods or merchandizes at fea* or going to fea (efpecially in remote or hazardous voyages) would think it much fafer for them to depend on the policies or affurances of either of thofe two corporations Jo to be erefied and ejlablijbed* than on the policies or affurances of private or particular perfons; and that fuch merchants or adventurers as Jball hereafter be minded to agree for ajfurance of their Jhips* goods or merchandizes with private or particular perfons* may fill be at liberty fo to do according to their own option or choice: and whereas it has alfo been a cufom or ufage	s	-

in this as well as in other nations* for merchants or traders* who adventure their Jhips and merchandizes at fea* to borrow money to be repaid upon the return or arrival of fuch Jhips* which kind of borrowing is commonly called* taking up money on bottomry \ in which cafes the lenders run a rifque or hazard* more or lefs* oflofing their principal* and are therefore allowed to contrail Jor fuch interef or confederation- money for the ujt or forbearance of the principal* as tan be agreed upon between the borrowers and the lenders: and it is confidered,, That it may be a great advantage and encouragement to trade and navigation* if fuch merchants and traders might have it in their power* at their own elellion* either to have recourfe to one of the corporations to be ere fled and ejlablijbed in purfuance of this all* or to private or particular perfons* for borrowing money upon bottomry as aforefaid* at fuch rate or rates as Jhall be agreed upon between fuch borrowers and lenders refpellively: and whereas the foie right and prerogative of granting charters of incorporation (not being fuch as are repugnant to any^ law orfeatuteof this realm) doth belong to your Majefty * and it is confidered* That if your Majefey Jball be gracioufly pleafed to grant two fuch difeinll charters as afore-, fail* the members of ?ach corporation fo to be erelled and eftablijhed (for and in conjideration of the advantages which may accrue to them refpellively thereby* and for having reofonable powers and privileges Jecured to them in purfuance of this all) may be willing to pay to your Majeftys ufe fuchfurns of money* at fuch times and by fuch proportions* as are herein after mentioned: be it therefore enacted by ^	*

the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana may-grant confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal and commons, in charters to this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of thetwo diiUntt fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, by one charter or indenture under the great feal of Great Bri- (hips, and for tain* to declare and grant, that fuch and fo many perfons (who lending mo-fhall be named therein, and of whofe abilities and fitnefs hi$neyonbot-Majefty (hall thereby declare himfelf to be well fatisfied) andtomry» all ana every fuch other perfon and perfons as hereafter from time to time (hall be duly admitted as members into their corporation, (hall be one diftin<ft and feparate body politick and pprporate for the aflurancc of (hips, goods and merchandizes

R 3	at

Digitized by

Google

246	AnnofextoGeoRGIII. c.i&	£*719*

at fea, or going to fea, and for lending money upon bottomry, by fuch name as his Majefty fhall think moll proper : and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, by another charter or indenture under the great feal of Great Britain, to declare and grant, that fuch and fo many other perfons (who (hall be named therein, and of whofe abilities and fitnefe his Maiefty (hall thereby declare bimfelf to be well fatisfied) and a0 and every fuch other perfon and perfons as hereafter from nine to time mall be duly admitted as members into their corporation, fhall be one other diftinft and feparate body politick and corporate for aflurance of (hips, goods and merchandizes at lea, or going to fea, and for lending money upon bottomry, by fodk to have perpe- name as his Majefty alfo (hall think moft proper : and thaftlbe tual fucceflion, faid feveral and refpeftive corporations, by their refpeftive but fubjeft to names aforefaid, fhall have perpetual fucceflion, fubjeA never-rcdcmption.	t0 fucj1 redemption or power of revocation as hereafter

They may jn this aft is provided concerning the fame; and that the Ui choofe their feveral and refpeftive corporations, during the continuance orsn&c.VCnl hereof refpeftively, (hall have power from time to rime to choofe their refpeftive governors, direftors and other officers and fervants, for better management of the affair? of the fame corporations refpeftively, in fuch manner and under fuch qualifications, as (hall he preferibed in and by the (aid re-The firft go- {pe&ive charters or indentures in that behalf; neverthdeft the vemors, &c. nrft governor and direftors of each of the faid two corporation* to be appoint- (hall or may be appointed by his Majefty, in and by the fame cd by his Ma- charters or indentures refpeftively ; and that the faid firft go-o^continue vcrnors and direftors, and all fubfequent governors and chin their place* reftors, fhall continue in their refpeftive offices for three years, for three and in cafe of death or removal be fupplied as in (uch refpeftive year*, &e. charters or indentures (hall be preferibed ; and that each of the common feal. ^id corporations or bodies politick, by fuch refpeftive names ’ as aforefaid, (hall and may have and ule a common feal only for the bufinefs of the fame corporations refpeftively, and fuch feal from time to time may break, change, make new or alter. May purchafe as (haU he found moft expedient; and that each of thi faid Coplands to the porations (hall be able and capable in law to purchafe, take and value of 10001. enjoy mefluages. lands or tenements not exceeding the value P*r afu,# of one thoufand pounds per annum, and to grant, alien, detnife or difpofe the fame, or any part thereof, at their free wiH* and Mans fee or he p|eafore£ . and fhall be able and capable in law to fue and implead, be fued and impleaded, anfwer and be anfwered in coart* of record, or elfewhere, in all aftions and caufe* Whadberer,

• for, touching or concerning; the aflurance of (hips,' goods or merchandizes at fea, or lending money upon bottomry; or any other matter or thing whatfoever concerning the fame corporations refpeftively.

Each of the H. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afere-corpomtions' faid, That each of the faid two corporations to be ereftedand to pay into the eftabli(hed as aforefed (for and in confiderarion of the benefits 300^01rfor and advantages which may accrue to them refpeftively bym-

Digitized by Google

tyi9-1	*Anne fexto Giorgii I. c. it.	247

tue of the faid refpe&ive charters or indentures, and the grants difeharging thereby to be made to each of them) (hall be obliged by force	d.cl?[s. -jf

and virtue bf this adt, and of the refpedtive charters or indeiv- 7Geo.Vl. c.»t. tures before-mentioned, to pay or caufe to be paid into the re- rc&. is! ceipt of die exchequer at Wtftmnfter^ for the ufe of the King's majefty, in order to difeharge the debts and expences of his civil government, the full fum of three hundred thoufand pounds of lawful money of Gnat Britain (which for both corporations wilTamount in the whole to fix hundred thoufand pound;) the faid payments for each corporation to be made in manner following; that is to fay, one full and equal third part there-Times of pay* of within one calendary month after the date of the re- ®ent fpe&ive charter or indenture, for or upon account of which fuch payment is to be made;* one full and equal fixth part thereof within three calendary months after fuch date; one o-ther foil and equal fixth part thereof within five calendary months after fuch date ; one other full and equal fixth part thereof within eight calendary months after fuch date ; and the remaining fixth part thereof within ten calendary months after fuch date, without any dedu&ion, defalcation or abatement whatfoever.

III.	And it is hereby ena&ed. That in cafe the (aid corpora- On failure of tions, or either of them, (hall make failure in payment of the payn?cnt laid feverai (urns of three hundred thoufand pounds and three Lymcnt, cor-hundred thoufand pounds, to be paid by each of them refpec- poration 'may lively as aforefiiid, or any part thereof, at the refpe&ive times be fued. herein before limited for payment of the fame, then and in every or any fuch cafe or cafes, the money whereof fuch failure in payment (hall be 'made, (hall and may be recovered in his Ma)efty*s name again ft the particular corporation or corpora* tions making fiach failure, by adtion of debt or upon the cafe, bill, fuit or information in any his Majefty's courts of record at Wifimnjtar^ wherein no efioin, protection, privilege or wager of. law mall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance ; and in fuch a6tk>a, bill, fuit or information it (hall be lawful to declare, That the faid corporation fo making default in payment is indebted to the King’s majefty the money whereof fuch default in payment (hall have been made, according to the form of this ftatute, and have not paid the fame, which (hall be diffident ; and in or upon fuch adtion, bill, fuit or information Ten per cent, there (hall be further recovered againft the defendants damage damage*, with after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum for the monies	°*

fe unpaid, befides full cofts of fuit; and each corporation fo making default in payment, and its ftock and effedfs (hall be and are hereby made fubjeef and liable thereunto ; and if de- on non-pay. fault (hall be made in the payment of the faid feveral and re- ment for thir* fpedlive fums of three hundred thoufand pounds, or any part *y days, cor-thereof, by the (pace of thirty days after any of the days of £°Xtermin-paymeot limited as afore feki for the payment of the fame, or ed. any proportion thereof, that then and from thenceforth it (hall sod may be lawful to and for the King’s majefty, his heirs and '

R 4	fuc-

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno fexto GcoRon I. C. iS.	[1719.

focceffors, by any inftrument or writing under Ins or their great feal of Great Britain or privy feal, to fignify his or their pleafare for revoking and making void, and thereby to revoke and make void all the powers, privileges and advantages to be granted as aforefaid to that particular corporation fo making default, and to determine the fame corporation; and thereupon the faid powers, privileges and advantages (hall accordingly be revoked, and the fame corporation (hall be determined* without any inquifition. Scire facias 9 or any matter or thing fo make yoid and determine the fame; any thing in this pre-fent adt contained, or in fuch charters or indentures to be contained to the.contrary notwithftanding.

Each corpora- JV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, tionu>proride That each of the two corporations to be eredted and eftablifhed Sock tcTan- *s af°refe*d (hall be obliged, by force and virtue of this fwer all de-" and °f the refpedtive charters or indentures to be granted or mandt on made forth as aforefaid, from time tp time, during the conti-tlieir policies, puance of the fame corporations refpedtively, to caufe fuch a flock of ready money to be provided and relerved, as (hall be fufficient to anfwcr, from time to time, all juft demands upon fheir policies of afTurance for any Ioffes whatfoever which (hall happen; and (hall fatisfy, pay and difeharge the fame demands from time to time, according to the tenors of their refpedtive Oh negledt policies of a durance, and the true meaning of this a#; and in may be fued, cafe of refufal or negledl, the party or parties adored, his, her *c#	or their executors, ^miniflnjtors or gftigns may bring his, her

pr their adtion of debt or on the cafe, bill, fuit or information for the money demanded, againft the corporation refufing or negledling to pay as aforefaid, in any of his Majefty’s faid courts of record at Urcfmin/ler^ wherein no effpin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance lhall be granted or allowed ; and in fuch action, bill, fuit or information the plaintiff qr plaintiffs may declare. That the fame corporation; is indebted jfcr pleas in	her	or them the money fq (demanded, and have nqt

hGwi!cVpaid the fame according to this ad 5 and thereupon the pfain-fe£t. 43.	* tiff or plaintiffs (hall recover againft the fame corporation double

Altered as to	damages, befides full cofts of fuit, and the flock and eftedh of

double damages tjxe particular corporation fo refufing or negledling to pay, (hail £	bc alfo fubJeft and liab]c thereto.

/	.	'	* V. And to the end the faid fums of three hundred thopfand

pounds and three hundred thoufand pounds may he railed and duly paid into the exchequer for his Majdly’s ufe within the refpe&iye times before-mentioned ; and that fufficiem piovificfi . of money m^y be made for ready anfwering and paying Juft demands upon the polices of the faid refpedive corporations for Ioffes which (hall or may happen at lea; and that the faid refpedlivc corporations may be enabled to lend money upon • bottomry as aforefaid, or to lend or advance money upon any parliamentary fecurities, and may be fumifhed with money for Other their neccffary or lawful occafions : it is hereby further by the authority afprpfaid, Thjrt each of the fau) corporation

Digitized by ooQle

719*3 Anno facto Georgii I. c. 18.	*49

orations intended to be eftablifhed by this a& (hall be obliged, Each cor ora_ >y force and virtue of this ad, and of the reipe&ive charters tjon t0 * x indentures before-mentioned, to raife fuch fums of money capital Hock s his Mayefty (hall therein dire#, not exceeding one million not exceeding ive hundred thoufand pounds, within fuch time or times, and ^S00*000*->y fuch proportions at a time, and in fuch manner, as in and yy the fiud charters or indentures refpe&ivdy (hall be appoint-jd ; and the monies fo raifed (hall be and be called the capital lock belonging to each of the fame corporations refpc&ivcly.

VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, H .	•

That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid refpe&ive t2\ fa** aJh corporations (when conftjtuted) in fuch general courts thereof as be raifed.

[hall be authorized to be holden purfuant to the (aid charters :>r indentures refpe&ively, to raife fuch capital (locks as afore-laid, either by taking fubferiptions from particular perfoAs [being or not being members or the faid refpe&ive corporations) tor advancing money for this purpofe, according to the orders of fuch general courts refpe&ively, or by calls of money from the refpe<fyve members for the time oeingof the faid (ever ral corporations, or by (uch other ways and means, and in fuch methods, as to fuch general courts refpe&ively (hall feem meet and expedient for making up the faid capital (locks refpe&ive-ly ; and that all and every peribn and perfons, by or for whom All fobferibert any fubfeription (hall be accepted* or any payment made pus- entitled to a fpant to the orders of fuch general courts refpe&ively* for or to-wards the railing the faid capital (locks, not exceeding onecapl million five hundred thpufand pounds, and due million five hundred thoulimd pounds as aforefaid, his, her. sod their executors, admuuftrators and afiigns rtfpc&iuely (hall have .and be entitled to a (hare of and; in the faid capital (lock of that corporation* towards which he, (he or they dud) have contributed, in proportion to the monies which he* (he or they (hall have fo pontributed towards making up the (ame, and to a proportional (fiare of the profits and advantages attending the capital dock of fiich corporation refpe&ively, and: (hall be admitted to be members of the fame; but that no perfon or per-fons (hall be entitled to any greater (hare in the capital or nominal (lock of either of fuch rpfpe&ive corporations, than the money which hp, (he pr they (hall have paid towards the fame.

VII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the corporation (aid refpe&ive corporations tp be ere&ed and eftablifhed as a- maymake forelaid, for better enabling them to anfwer all juft demands calls of money upon their refpe&ive policies of affurance for lodes which may frQIVheir. happen at fea, and to lend money upon bottomry as aforefaia, JJ^ort^on^o at any time or times during the refpe&ive continuances of thofe their docks, corporations, according to the true intent and meaning of this p&, (hall have power in their refpe&ive general courts, from time to time, as they (hall fee caufe, to call in or dire& to be . paid, from and by tneir refpe&ive members for the time being, proportionally according to their refpe&ive (hare or (hares m

Digitized by ^ooQle



Anno fexto G&ofcoil I. C. 11.	(171^

the capital (lock or (locks which do or (hall belong to each of the corporations, any further fum and Aims of money as by fuch general courts reipe&ively (hall from time to time be judged neceflary, and be ordered to be called in or raifed; and that all executors, adminiftrators, guardians, truilees and ixtoit-gagees (hall be indemnified in paying, and are hereby importer-cd to pay in their refpe&ive proportions of the money fo call-

Penalty for «d for: and in cafe any member or members, who (hall be not anfwering required to pay in money upon any call or calls to be made

purfuant to this adl, (hall refufe or ncgletf to pay his, her or their (hare of the money fo tailed for, at the time or times appointed for that purpofe, by notice inferted in the London Gazette and upon the Royal Exchange in London, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid refpe&ive corporations, and their fucceffors, not only to flop the (hare, dividends and profits which (hall from time to time become payable by that particular corporation to fuch member or members fo negledling or refuting, and to apply the fame from time to time for or towards payment of the (hare of money fo called for, and which ought to have been paid by fuch member or members fo neglecting or rehifing, until the fame (hall be fatisfied ; but alfo to (lop the transfers or afiignments of the (hare and (hares of every fuch defaulter and defaulters* and to charge fuch defaulter and defaulters with intcreft after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum for the money fo by him, her or them omitted to be paid, from the time the (We was appointed to be paid until the payment thereof; and that the (hare and (lock, (hares and docks of fueh defaulter and defaulters' (hall be liable to make good and anfwer the faid monies fo appointed to be paid, and the intereft thereof, as aforefaid ; and in cafe the fame principal and intereft (hall be unpaid by the (pace of three months9 then the fame rofpedtive corporations* or their refpeeflive courts of directors for the time being,-(hall have power to authorize fuch perfon or ptrfons aOhey refpetftively (hall think fit, to fell, aflign and transfer fo much-or the faid (lock or (locks of fuch defaulter or defaulters, as wiH fatisfy and pay the fame, rendring the overplus (if any be) to the proprietors ; and the money To called for and paid in (hall be deemed capital (lock, and (hall be written in the books of the faid refpe&ive corporations ; and the refpe&ive members paying the fame (hall have credit in the faid books for their rcfpe&ive proportions or (hares thereof; nevcrthelefs the faidrefpeelive corporations, and their rtfpettive fucceffors, in a general court, from time to time, when they judge their afftirs wtll admit thereof, (hall or may caufe any fum or Anns of money which fhall be fo called in, or any part thereof, to be divided and distributed to and amongft the then members of that corporation, according and in proportion to the pefpe^Hve (hare or (hares which they (hall then have of or in the refpeflive capital tlock or ftockv of the fame; and their refpedlive (hares in the capital (hall proportk»-ably be abated.	• .

Digitized by

Google

*7*9-J	Annotfexto Georgii I. c. 18.	251

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforelaid^ Each corpora-

That the faid refpedive corporations to be ereded and efti- tion may take blifhed as aforefaid, for better enabling them to lend or advance dcrTheircoml money upon any parliamentary fecurities at any time or times mon feal, to during the refpedive continuances of thofe corporations as a- advance mo-forefaid, (hall have power from time to time (in cafe they ntXon (hall think fit) to borrow or take up money upon bills, bonds	ecu*

or obligations, under their common feal, at fuch rate or *

rates of intereft, for any time not lefs than fix months from the borrowing thereof, as they (hall think fit, fo as all the principal monies which they (hall refpedively fo borrow, (hall not at any time exceed the principal monies which (hall be then owing to fuch corporation refpedively upon fuch parliamentary fecurities, exclufive of the monies which (hall have been advanced for or upon account of the faid fevcral fums of three hundred thoufand pounds before mentioned ; and that all fuch not charge-bills, bonds or obligations, under the common feal of either of ab|e wjjh the faid corporations, lhall not be chargeable with any duties ftainP duty* upon ftampt vellum, parchment or paper; any law or ftatute made or to be made to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Shares in the That the particular (hare and (hares of the refpedive members corporation* of and in the capital or joint flock or flocks of the two refpee- transferable tive corporations before mentioned, from time to time, (hall ^£dcvifc" be transferable, aflignable and devifeable, and their bills, bonds

and obligations, (hall be aflignable and recoverable, in fuch manner and form as his Majefty, by the faid refpedive charters or indentures, (hall preferibe and appoint, as well in relation to fuch (hare and (hares of flock, as in reference to fuch bills, bonds or obligations refpedively $ and that the capital flocks of®10* a the faid refpedive corporations, intended to be ereded and and^ogo m eflabli(hed in purfuance of this ad, and the (hare and intereft executors, of each and every particular member thereof and therein, (hall be deemed and adjudged in all courts of law and equity, and elfewhere, to be a perfonal and not a real eftate, and (hall goto the executors or adminiftrators of the perfon or perfons dying poflefled thereof, or entitled thereunto, and not to the heir of fuch perfon or perfons; any law, ftatute, ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, stock not t« That the capital flock and flocks of the faid refpedive corpo- be taxed, rations, to be eftablifhed purfuant to this ad, and the (hares,

parts, and intereft of the refpedive members of the fame corporations, of and in the fame capital flock and flocks, or tie flock of money to be raifed for the purpofes in this ad (hall, during the continuance thereof, be .exempted, and are hereby exempted from any taxes, rates, aflefl'ments or impofitions whatsoever by ad of parliament, or otherwife ; and that no Governor:, perfon which (hall be governor, diredor, or other officer of &c. may be either of the faid corporations to be crewed, as aforefaid, (hall members of for that caufe only be difablcd from being a member of par- Par iaracnt«

* iiament,

Digitized by v^.ooQle

Anno fexto Georgii I. c. 18.	[1719.

liament, nor (hall in refpedt of fuch (hare or (hares be orbs adjudged liable to be a bankrupt within the intent and meaning ot all or any the ftatutes made againft or concerning bankrupts, and that no (lock in the faid refpe&ive corporations (haS be fubjeft or liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftos of London., or otherwife; any law or ftatute to the contrary boi-withftanding.

His Majefty Xl. And be it further enafted by the authority afarriw£ may impower That it ihall and may be lawful for his Majefty, in and by the them by char- refpedtive charters or indentures, to grant to the laid re-by-lam*See, fpe&jve corporations thereby to be ere&ed or conftituted, po*er 9	9	to make by-laws and ordinances, and fuch further powers, au-

thorities, privileges and advantages, relating to the faid Frances of (hips, goods, and merchandizes at fea or going to fa, or lending money upon bottomry, as aforefaid, as to his Majefty (hall feem meet, and to fubjedt the fame corporations re-. fpedtively, and the powers, authorities, privileges and adran-tages fo to be granted thereunto, as aforefaid, every or any of them, to fuch reftri&ions and regulations, as to his Majefty (hall feem mod expedient, and in the fame charters or indentures refpedtively (hall be exprefled.

During the XII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforc&id, two corpora- That from and after the granting or making of the laid reflections, no other tjvc cjiarters or indentures for erecting the two corporations aSSre^ips^or before-mentioned, and palling the fame under the (aid great lend money feal, for and during the continuance of the fame corporations on bottomry, refpedlively, or either of them, all other corporations or bodies politick, before this time ereefted or eftablilhed, or hereafter to be ereefted or eftablilhed, whether fuch corporations or bodies politick, or any of them, be foie or aggregate, and all fuch fo-*	cieties and partnerlhips as now are, or hereafter fhaii or may

be entred into by any perfon or perfons, for afTuring (hips or merchandizes at fea, or for lending money upon bottomry, (hall by force and virtue of this a61 be reftrained from granting, figning or under-writing any policy or policies of aflurance, or making any contrails for aflurance of or upon any (hip or (hips, goods or merchandizes at fea or going to fea, and from lending any monies by way of bottomry, as aforefaid ; and if any Penalty for corporation or body politick, or perfons adling in fuch fociety corporations or partnerfhip (other than the two corporations intended to be alluring. eftablilhed by this a<5t, or one of them) (hall prefume to grant, fign or underwrite, after the four and twentieth day of Jane one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, any fuch policy or policies, or make any fuch contract or contrails for aflurance of or upon any (hip or (hips, goods or merchandizes at fea or going to fea, or take or agree to take any premium or other reward for fuch policy or policies, every fuch policy and policies of aflurance of or upon any fuch (hip or (hips, goods or merchandizes, (hall be ipfo fatlo void, and all and every fum and fums fo figned or underwritten in fuch policy or policies fluJ b£ forfeited, and (hall and may be recovered, to wit, one mom

thereof

Digitized by

25i

1719.]	Anno fcxto GeoRGH I. c. 18.

thereof to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of fuch perfon ot performs as will inform or me for the fame, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminflery in Which aftion, fuit or information, no dToin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than One imparlance (hall be granted or allowed : and if any corpo- penalty for ration or body politick, or perfons afting in fuch fociety or part- lending me-nerfhip, as aforefaid, other than the two corporations intended ncY on hot-to be eftablifhed by this aft, or one of them, lhall prefume to tomry* lend, or agree to lend, or advance, by themfelves, or any o-thers on their behalf, after the faid four and twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, any money by way of bottomry, as aforefaid, contrary to this aft, the bond or other fecurity tor the fame (hall be ipfo fafto void, and fuch agreement fhall be adjudged to be an ufurious contraft, and the offenders therein (hall fuffer as in cafes of ufury : neverthelefs it But any pii-is intended and hereby declared, That any private or particular vate perlona perfon or perfons (hall be at liberty to write or underwrite any aflure, policies, or engage himfelf or herfelf in any affurances of, for, or * * upon any lhip or (hips, goods or merchandizes at fea or going to fea, or may lend money by way of bottomry, as aforefaid, as fully and beneficially as if this aft had never been made, fo as the fame be not upon the account or rifque of a corporation or body politick, or upon the account or rifque of perfons afting in a fociety or partnerihip for that purpofe, as aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And it is hereby enafted, That if any perfon or per-	the

fons (hall forge or counterfeit the common feal of either or the commem fea! laid corporations to be erefted and eftablifhed purfuant to this of the corpo-aft, or (hall forge, counterfeit or alter any policy, bill, bond ration*,orany or obligation, under the common feal of either of the fame cor-porations, or (hall offer to difpofe of or pay away any fuch

forged, counterfeit or altered policy, bill, bond or obligation, knowing the fame to be fuch, or (hall demand the money therein contained or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of or from fych of the fame corporations as (hall be mentioned or referred to therein, or any of their officers, knowing fuch policy, bill, bond or obligation, to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with intent to defraud the fame corporation, or their fucceffors, or any other perfon or perfons what-foever, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being convifted thereof in due form of law, (hall be guilty of felony, and fuffer as in cafes of felony, without benefit ot clergy.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au- None may be thority aforefaid. That no perfon (hall be capable of being eleft- governor, &c. cd a governor, fub-govemor, deputy-governor, or direftor ofof both the either of the corporations intended to be erefted and eftablilh- «tE^mc* ed in purfuance of this aft, during the time that he lhall be a time, governor, fub-govemor, deputy-governor, or direftor of the

other corporation intended to be erefted and eftablifhed in pursuance ot this aft j and that every perfon who (hall be elefted

*

Digitized by

Google

*54

or purchafe Itock in both corporations.

Penalty.

On three years notice at any time within 31 years, on payment of the 300,0001, the corporations may be determined by parliament.

After 3iyears, if the corporations ate t judged inconvenient, bis Majelty may determine them.

Anno fexto Geokgii I. C. 18.

a governor, fub-governor? deputy-governor, or dirt&or pother of the corporations intended to be erected and eftahSfc-ed in purfuance of this aft (hall, during the time he (hall be fuch governor, fub-governor, deputy-governor, or director, be incapable of being chofen a governor, fub-govemor, deputt-governor, or director of the other corporation intended ft> fee erefted and eftabliftied in purfuance of this aft; and if any g* vemor, fub-governor, deputy-governor, or director, or member of either of the corporations intended to be erected mi eftablifhed in purfuance of this aft, having any (hare in the capital (lock of that corporation, (hall in his or her own ntne, or in the name of names of any other perfon or perfons mtwft for fuch governor, fub-govemor, deputy-governor, diredor or member, purchafe any mare in the capital (lock of the o*er corporation intended to be erefted and eftabliftied in purfoance of this ad, that then and in every fuch cafe, the (hare fo por-chafed (hall be forfeited ; the one moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to the ufe of fuch perfon or perfons as. will inform or fue for the fame, and to be recovered in the manner before-mentioned.

XV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That upon three years publick notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by authority of parliament, at any tone within or during the term of thirty one years, to be reckoned from the date or refpeftive dates of the two charters or indentures intended to pafs under the great feal of Great Britan, as aforefaid, and upon payment by parliament to the faid refpec-tive corporations of the faid relpeftive fums of three hundred thoufand pounds, and three hundred thoufand pounds, which lhall have been advanced to his Majcfty’s ufe, as aforefaid, without any intereft or confideration for the forbearance thereof, then and not till then the faid refpeftive corporations, and all the powers, privileges, benefits and advantages to be granted to them refpe<5lively, in purfuance of this aft, (hall ceafe, determine and become void ; any thing Contained in this aft, or to be contained in the faid charters or indentures, or either of them, to the contrary notwithftanding; and that any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons fignified by the fpeaker in writing, to be inferted in the faid London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London, as aforefaid, (hail be deemed and adjudged to be fufficient notice wkhin the words and meaning of this aft.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaftcd/Thai if at any time after the expiration of the faid term of thirty one years, his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, (hall'judge the farther continuance of the faid two corporations to be hurtful or inconvenient to the publick, then and from thenceforth it iM and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, his heirs or (uccek fors, by any letters patents under tho great feal of Gnat Bn* ' fain, to revoke and make void the fame corporations, and A

the

Digitized by

Google

i

tfig.J	Anno fexto Georgn I. c. 18.	55

the powers, privileges* benefits and advantages to be granted to them refpedfivcly, as aforefaid, and thereupon the fame (hall determine and become void accordingly, without any inquifi-tion, fare facias* or other matter or thing to make void or determine the fame; any thing contained in this a&, or to be contained in. the faid charters or indentures, or either of them, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.	Neverthelefe it is intended aftd hereby declared and No other like ena&ed, That in cafe the (aid corporations fhall be redeemed corporations upon fudi notice and payment, within the laid term of thirty grantahle. one years, or be revoked by fuch letters patents, as aforefaia, '

after the faid term of thirty one years, the fame corporations, or any corporation or corporations, with like powers, privileges, benefits and advantages, (hall not be grantable again to anyperibns or corporations whatfoever, but fhall remain fup-prefied for ever, as having been found inconvenient and prejudicial to the publick.

XVIII.	And whereas it is notorious* fbat feveral undertakings nr projects of different kinds have* at fome time or times fince the four and twentieth day ^ June one thoufand feven hundred and eigb-teen, been publicity contrived and prafltfed* or attempted to be prac-tifed* unthin the eity of London and other parts of this kingdom, as alfo in Ireland, and other his Majejlfs dominions* which mani-fejily tend to the common grievance* prejudice and inconvenience of great numbers of your Majejlys fubjefls in their trade or commerce* and other their affairs; and the perfons who contrive or attempt fach dangerous and mijehievous undertakings or projects* under falfe pretences of publick good* do prefume* according to their own devices and fchemes* to open books for publick fubferiptions* and draw in many unwary perfons to fubferibe therein towards raifing great fums of money* whereupon the J'ubfcribers or claimants under them do pay /mail proportions thereof* and fuch proportions in the whole do amount to very large fums; which dangerous and mifehievous undertakings or projects do relate to feveral fijheries* and other offcars* wherein the trade* commerce* and welfare of your Majejlfs Jubiefls* or great numbers of them, are concerned or interefled: and whereas in many cafes the Jaid undertakers or fubferibers have* jince the faid four and twentieth day of June one thoujand feven hundred and eighteen* pre-famed to off as if they were corporate bodies* and have pretended to make their /hares in flocks transferable or a/Jignable* without any legal authority* either by aft of parliament* cr by any charter from the crown for fo doing \ and in fome cafes the undertakers or fubferibers* face the faid four and twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen* have a fled or pretended to afl under feme (barter or chartersformerly granted by the crown forfome particular or fpecial purpofes therein txprejfed* but have ufed or endeavoured to ufe the fame farters for raifag joint Jlocks* and for making transfers or alignments* or pretended transfers or alignments far their own private lucre* which were never intended or defgned by the fame charters refpeflhely * and in fame cafes the undertakers or fubfarikers* fince the faid four and twentieth day of June one thoufand



Digitized by L,ooQle

trade,

256	Anno fctto GeoKGH I. c. 1 Sj	[1719-

find [evert hundred and eighteen, have afied under [me ebfiUte charter or charterj, although the fame became void or voidable by nenafer or abufer, or for want of making lawful elections, which were ne-ccffary for the continuance thereof; and many other unwarrantable practices (too many to enumerate) have been, and daily are and may hereafter be contrived, fet on foot,	proceeded upon9 to the rum

and definition of many of your Majeffs good fubjefts9 if a timely remedy be not provided: and whereas it is become abfobetely necejfdry^ that all publick undertakings and attempts^ tending to the common grievance, prejudice and inconvemente of your Majeftfs fubjeCh in general, or great numbers of them, in their trade, commerce, or other lawful affairs, be effectually^ fuppreffed and refrained for the future9 by fuitable and adequate punijbments for that purpofe to be afoertaxned After 14 June anj ejlablijbed: now for fupprefling fuch mifchievous and dan-d7rtak?n t”" gerous undertakings and attempts, and preventing the like tending”* the ror the future, may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, at prejudice of the humble fuit of the faid lords Spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, that it may be enaded ; and be it enaded by authority of this prefent parliament, That from and after the four and twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, all and every the undertakings and attempts deferibed, as afore&id, and all other publick undertakings and attempts, tending to the common grievance, prejudice and inconvenience of his Majefty's fub-jeds, or ereat numbers of them, in their trade, commerce, or other lawful affairs, and all publick fubferiptions, receipts, payments, alignments, transfers, pretended alignments and transfers, and all other matters and things whatsoever, for furthering, countenancing or proceeding in any fuch undertaking or attempt, and more particularly the ading or prefuming to ad as a corporate body or bodies, the railing or pretending to raife transferable ftock or ftocks, the transferring or pretending to transfer or aflign any (hare or (hares in fuch ftock or ftocks* without legal authority, either by aft of parliament, or by any charter from the crown, to warrant fuch acting as a body corporate, or to raife fuch transferable ftock or ftocks, or to transfer (hares therein, and all ading or pretending to ad under any charter, formerly granted from the crown, for particular or fpecial purpofes therein exprefled, by perfons who do or (hall ufe or endeavour to ufe the fame charters, for railing a capital ftock, or for making transfers or alignments, or pretended transfers or aftignments of fuch ftock, not intended or defigned by. fuch charter to be raifed or transferred, and all ading or pretending to ad under any obfolete charter become and all afting void or voidable by nonufer or abufer, or for want of making under obfolete iawfuj cledions, which were neceflaiy to continue the corpora-charters, «c. t-on thercfcy intended, (hall (as to all or any fuch ads, matters and things, as (hall .be aded, done, attempted, endeavoured or proceeded upon, after the faid four and twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty) forever be deemed

19

and all fub-icriptions, &e thereto.

or prefuming to aft as corporate bodies without legal authority,

Digitized by v^ooQie

Ariho fexto GeorGIi I. c. r8;	257

to- be illegal and void, and (hall not be pra&ifed or in any wife (hall be deem-pot in execution.	void****1 ^

XIX And be further enaflcd by the authority aforefaid, ^/uch ^ That from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June dertaking* one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, all fuch unlawful un- deemed pub-dertakings and attempts, fo tending to the common grievance, ^0k “ufanc**. prejudice and inconvenience of his Majefty’s fubje<fls, or a. great number of them, in their trade, commerce, or other lawful affairs, and the making or taking of any fubfcriptions for that purpofe, the receiving or paying of any money upon fuch fubfcriptions, the making or accepting of any alignment or transfer, or pretended alignment or transfer, of any (hare or (hares upon any fuch fubfcription, and all and every other matter and tiling whatsoever, for furthering, countenancing, or proceeding in any fuch unlawful undertaking or attempt, and more particularly the prefuming or pretending to ad as a corporate body, or to raife a. transferable (lock or (locks, or to make transfers or ailignments of any (hare or (hares therein, without fuch legal authority, as aforefaid, and all ading or pretending to ad under any charter formerly granted from the crown for any particular or fpecial purpofes therein expreffed, by perfons making or endeavouring to make ufe of fuch charter for any fuch other purpofe not thereby intended, and all ading or pretending to ad under any fuch obfolete charter as is before described, and every of them (as to all or any fuch ads, matters or things as (hall be fo aded, done, attempted, endeavoured or proceeded upon, after the faid four and twentieth day of June out thoufand feven hundred and twenty) (hall be deemed to be a publick nufance and nufances, and the fame, and all caufes, matters and things relating thereto, and every of them, (hall for ever hereafter be examined, heard, tried and determined as common nufauces are to be examined, heard, tried, and determined by or according to the laws of this realm ; and all offenders therein, being thereof lawfully convicted upon information or indiclment, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjiery or in Edinburgh, or in Dubliny (hall be liable to fuch lines, penalties, and punifhments, whereunto perfons convicted for common and publick nufances are, by any of the laws and ftatutes of this realm, fubjed and liable ;

• and moreover (hall incur and fuftain any further pains, penalties and forfeitures, as were ordained and provided by the ft^. and (hall incur tute of provifion and pnemunire made in the fixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second.

XX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, How mer-That if any merchant or trader, at any time after the faid four chants or tra-and twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and d£rs may haiy twenty, (hall fuffer any particular damage in his, her or theira^infttbetm-trade, commerce, or other lawful affairs* by occafion or means dertaken. of any undertaking or attempt, matter or thing, by this a& declared to be unlawful, as aforefaid, and will iue to be relieved therein, then and jn every fuch cafe, fuch merchant or trader , Vol.XIV,	S	(hall

Penalty on broken buying or felling any (hares in Juch undertakings.

258	Amo	fexto Gborgii I. c,i8.	ft	71^

(hall and may have bis and their remedy for the fame by a*

adtion or adtions to be grounded upon this ftatute, againll the perfon s, focietics or partncrlhips, or any of them, who contrary to this adl (hail be engaged or intcrefted in any fuch unlawful undertaking or attempt; and every fuch adtioo and actions (hall be heard and determined in any of hisMajcfty’s courts of record aforefaid, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of Jaw, or more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed; and in every fuch adtion the plaintiff (hall or may recover treble damages with full cods of fuit.

XXI.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any broker or perfon acting as a broker for him-felf, or in behalf of any others, at any time or times after the faid four and twentieth day of June one thousand (even hundred and twenty, (hall bargain, fell, buy or purchafe, or con-trad! or agree for the bargaining, felling, buying or purchasing of any (hare or intereft in any of the undertakings by this a<5 declared to be unlawful, or in any (lock or pretended dock of fuch undertakers, that then and in every fuch cafe, every fiich 4	broker	or perfon adting as fuch, (hall not only be difeblcd and

rendred incapable to be or adt as a broker for the future, but (hall alfo forfeit and lofe the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered, to wit, one moiety thereof to the ufe of the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceilors, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of any perfon or perfons who will inform or fue for the fame in any of his Majefty’s faid courts of record, as aforefaid, with full colts of fuit.

Not to extend XXII. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority to undertak- aforefaid, That this adt, or any thing therein contained, (hall ings fettled not exten(j to a„y undertakings, or other matters or things »7i8r. n * fettled, eftabiifhed, or pradtifed in point of time before the (aid four and twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and eighteen, but that the fame, and every of them, (hall be of fuch or the like force, effedt or validity, and no other, as they re-fpedtively would be of in cafe this adl had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further intended, declared and enadled by the authority aforefaid. That any of the claufes, matters or things in this adl contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to hinder hisMajefly from erafling or eftablithing the two corporations intended by this adl to be eredied and eftabiifhed, as is above mentioned, or either of them, or to prejudice thofe two corporations, or either of them, (when eredled) in the exercife or enjoying of the powers, privileges, benefits or advantages intended to be granted to them refpedtivdy, by fuch refpedlive charters or indentures as are above mentioned in that behalf, fubjedl neverthelefs to fuch powers of redemption or revocation as are above in this adl preferibtd for that purpofe; any thing in this adl contained to the contrary notwithftanding. ; XXIV. Provided alfo, That any thing in this adl contained : /hall not extend^ or be conftrued to.$xtend to hinder or deprlrc

6	the

Nor to preju* dice the two corporations hereby eredt-Sd.

Or the South-Sea company:

Digitized by

1719*1 Anno fexto Georgii I. c. 18.	259

the corporation of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery, or their fucceflbrs, from having and enjoying of all and every or any fuch powers, privileges, benefits, profits, properties, matters and things, as do or (hall belong to them, or which they could or might enjoy, in any manner of wife whatfoever, it this aft had not been made (except as to infurance upon (hips and merchandize at fea or going to fea;) any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXV. Provided always. That nothing in this aft (hall ex- Nor to refrain tend, or be conftrued to extend to prohibit or reftrain the car- the carrying rying on of any home or foreign tirade in partner(hip in fuch manner as hath been hitherto ufually, and may be legally done reign trade*in according to the laws of this realm now in force, excepting on- partnedhip* ty as to the infuring of (hips and goods or merchandizes at fea, or going to fea, and lending money upon bottomry 5 any thing m this aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXVI; Provided neverthelefs, That it (hall and maybe law- South-Sea and ful to and for the governor and company of merchants of Great Eaft*rn<!ia Britain, trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America, m^Padvance and for encouraging the filhery, and for the united company of money on bor-merchants of England trading to the Eajl-Indies, and they and tomrjr to their either of them have refpeftively hereby liberty, at any time or captains, &c* times hereafter, to advance or lend on the bottom of any (hip or veflel, (hips or veflels, and on goods and merchandizes on board any (hip or veflel, (hips or veflels of the faid refpeftive companies, or that is, are or (hall be employed in the fervice of the faid companies refpeftively, to any captains or commanders, agents, failors, or fervants, or other perfon or perfons, which fhall at any time or times be imployed in the fervice of the faid refpeftive companies, any fum or fums of money whatfoever by way of bottomry; any thing in this a<5t contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

AXVII. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the Nor t0 extcn(j authority aforefaid. That nothing in this aft contained (hall ex- to corpora-tend, or be conftrued to extend to any corporation formerly tions formerly created for the carrying on a trade, which they have publickly created, continued to exercife from the time of their eftablifhment; or to any fubferiptions made or to be made for enlarging the capi- be made to tal dock of the governor and company of merchants of Great the capital of Britain, trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America^ the South-Sea. and for encouraging the fifhery (by or by order of the general court, or court of direftors of the fame company) or to any receipts made out and given, or to be made out or given, in re-fpeft of fuch fubferiptions, but that all fuch fubferiptions made and to be made, (hall be firm and valid, and all receipts made out and given, or to be made out or given, concerning the fame,

(hall be aflignable at law by endorfement made or to be made thereon ; any thing in this or in any other aft, or any law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

S 2	.	XXVIII.	Pro-

. 260	Anno fexto Georgii I. c. 19.	\*V9*

Salvo for Eaft- XXVIII. Provided alfo, That any thing irt this aft codtio-*n<J^a	ed (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend to hinder or it*

leges!TlV1" prive corporation of the united company.of naerchanttff England trading to the Eqfl-Indies, from having and enjoying^l and every fuch powers, privileges, franchifes, benefits* matNP and thing, as do or (hall belong to them, qt which they caM or might enjoy in any manner of wife if this a & had not hem made; any thing in this act to the contrary notwitbftaodiqg. Companies XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further esa&d^ not to lend That if any governor, fub-governor, deputy-governor, dircdoc* Sollrfbuton or mem^5er °f cither of the corporations intended to benakd credit of ats and eftablilhed in purfuance of this ad (hall, upon the acowt of parliament, of the faid corporations, or either of them, hereby intended* be eftablifhed, at any time or times advance or lead to his Ms* jefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, any futn or fums of money^bywav of loan or anticipation, on any part or parts, branch or brocket fund or funds of the revenues now granted or belonging, or hereafter to be granted or belonging to his Majeftyy his beat or fuccelTors, other than fuch fund or funds, part or parts* brand or branches of the faid revenue only, on which a. credit of Jon is or (hall be granted by parliament. That then the feidgovon* or, fub-governor, deputy-governor, director, or other meatax of the faid corporations, or either, of them, who (baUjcsoint, agree to, or approve of the advancing or lending to his heirs or fuccelTors, fuch fum or fums of motxey,.7S3 jive* faid, and each and every of them, fo agreeing, confeering sr approving, and being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall, forjrmy Penalty. fuch offence, forfeit treble the value of every fuch fum or ferns of money fo lent, whereof one fifth part (hall be to the informer, to be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of recotd at Wejiminjler, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no protection, wager of law, efloin, privilege of pa/ii'amenr, or other privilege, (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance, and the refidue to be difpofed of towards publichufes as (hall be directed by parliament, and not otheiWe*

CAP. XIX.

An aft for making perpetual fo much of an aft made in the tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for the reviving and continuing feveral alls therein mentioned, as relates te the building and repairing county gaols \ and alfo an ad of the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign ofKhtg William the Thirds for the more effectual fuppreffton of pitacy, end for making more effectual the aflof the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An ait for eltablilhing articles and orders for the regulating and .better government of his Majefty’s (hips of war and forces by fea.

to Ann. c, 14. T \ 7HERE AS in an all made in the tenth year of tk ftt. *.	yy	reign	of Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for the revi^g

ifA

Digitized by C^ooQle

261

t7x9.], Anno fexto Gkorgii I. c. 20.

and ‘Continuing fcvera! afts therein mentioned, for the prevent-ing of miichiefs which may happen by fire; for building and repairing county gaols ; for exempting of apothecaries from ferv-ing parifh and ward offices, and ferving upon juries ; and relating to the returning of jurors, there is a claufe relating to the bteildnsgand repairing county gaols, which by experience has been found wry ufeful and beneficial to the publitk, and will expire at the end of this prefent feffion of parliament: be it therefore enafted by the 80 much of the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con- recited aft as lent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this *°o1s prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, made perpe-' That fo much of the faid aft made in the tenth year of thetual. reign of Queen Anne, as relates to the building and repairing county gaols, (hall be and is hereby made perpetual.

II.	And whereas vagrants and other criminals, offenders and per-

fins charged with fmall offences, are for fuch offences, or for want of furetiesy to be committed to the county gaol,> it being adjudged, that by law the juftices of the peace cannot commit them to any other prifon fir fife ntftodyy which by experience hath been found to be very prejudicial and expenfive: be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Juftices of That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftices of the Peace peace within their retpeftive jurifdiftions, to commit fuch va-	to

grants and other criminals, offenders, perfon and perfons, either common tp the common gaol or houfe of correction, as they in their gaol or houfe judgment (hall think proper; any law, cuftom or ufage to the of correction, contrary notwitbftanding.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. The aft of That the a& made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the 11 & reign of his late majefty King William the Third, intituled,

jfn aft for the mare tffeftual fuppreffion of piracy, (hall be and is ^ hereby made perpetual.

Perfons in the fca fervice, who (hall commit any of the crimes mentioned in 1^ Car a. ftat. i. c. 9. upon the ihore in Foreign parts, (hall be tried and punched, as if they had been committed on the main fca. Hep. as Geo. 2. c. 33.

CAP. XX.

An aft for continuing the afts formerly made for repairing the highways

in the county of Hertford therein mentioned, and for making the laid

afts more effeftual.

After Nor. 4, iyaa, the tolls by the aft 15 Car. a. c. 1. to be taken at Repealed in Wadefmill, (lull be continued, in manner as by the recited afts, for 15 part by 6 Geo, years; and tbe money to be applied to repair the highways in the county 2. c. 24.. and of Hertford. But on an adjudication at the ailizes orleflions that the ways EXP. are in good repair, the toll (hall ceafe. Tbe officers, &c. impowered by the former afts, (hall from Nov. 2, 1722, have the like powers by virtue 9f this aft; and all dairies, &c. (hall be continued.

S3	CAP.

Digitized by LjOOQle

Anno fexto Georgii I. c. 21,

[1719.

CAP. XXI.

An aSl for preventing frauds and abufes in the puttick reve* nues of excifey cuflomsy ft amp-duties y poft-office y and boufe-money.

WHEREAS feveral perfons in carrying or managing their re-fpedive trades, manufactures or dealings do frequently contrive and commit great frauds, deceits and abufeSy which daily increafi, and apparently tend not only to the diminution of his Majeftfs revenues and publict incomes, but alfo to the difcouragement of all fair traders,* manufacturers and dealers, and the difcredit of goods of the growth^ product and manufacture of Great Britain in foreign parfsy and particularly many perfons in J ever al parts of this kingdom of Great Britain, who make malt in order to export the fame to parts beyond the feas (to the intent that they may obtain greater drawbacks and allowances upon the exportation thereof than were intended by law to be granted for the fame) do in the making offuch malt tntraafe the quantity thereof in bulk and meafure much beyond what the fame malt was when guaged and charged with the duties chargeable thereon by the officers for the jaid duties on malt, when fuch malt was in the ciffern or uting vaty or upon the couchby watering or wetting the faid malty whiljl the fame is working upon the floor \ and by theft and other undue practices caufing the faid malt not only to runout and grow at that end of the grain from which the root proceeds, but alfo to fpnutjnm out and grow at the other end of the grain front which the blade pro-ctedSy which lafl mentioned fproutingy running out and growing at 4be end frotn which the blade procccdsy is commonly called and known by the name of acrefpiringy and is not only a great prejudice to the malt fo madiy but increafes the fame much in bulk and meafurey t$ the great difparagemcnt of the trade of Britifti malt in parts beyond the feas9 After June and Uffinitig of his Majcjty s revenues: for remedy whereof, be fter^o^vet'hisil c.na^c4 by tb® King’s mod excellent majefty, by ?nd with the barley on the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and cornfloor, &c. but mops, in this prclent parliament aflembled, and by authority m his riftem Qf the fame, That from and after the four and twentieth day of

for^fture of" 7®** one thoufand feven hundred and twenty no malfter orma-or ei u o	for	{jj]€	or	exportation	(hall	caufe or permit any bar-*

ley, or other com or grain by him, her or them making into malt, fo be fteeped, wetted or watered upon the couch or floor, or in any other place but in his, her and their refpe£tive ciftems or uting vats, duly entred for that purpofe at the office of excife pf the divifion or place where fuch malt (hall be wetted, on pain of forfeiting for every bufhel of malt which (hall be found to have been fteeped, wetted or watered contrary to the true infent and meaning of this a#, the fun* of two (hillings and fix pence, REP.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid four and twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty no fpeh malfter or maker of malt for fale or exportation (hall caufe or permit any corn or grain, by him, her of them nuking into ipajt, tp be worked or

7Vis and the folloiving pc-tivz repealed tty 3 Geo. i. c. 7.fea. 13.

%i. 6d. per bufhel.

No tnalfter to permit his corn to be acrefpired.

Digitized by L^ooQle

171g.]	Anno	fexto	GeoRGH I c. 21.*	26$

made in fuch manner that the fame (hall acrefpire (that is to fay) run out, grow or fprput at that end of the com or grain from rvhich the blade proceeds: and in cafe any fuch malfter or maker Officers may malt (hall make or work his corn or grain making into malt £ajfe *** £a”d-n fuch manner that the refpedtive fupervifors or officers for the fl^^tVfee* if "aid duties of the divifion or place, or any of them, where fuch it be acrclpir-:om or grain (hall be making or working, (hall fufpedt the fame, ed.

3r fome part thereof, to be acrefpired, as tforefaid, then and in

uch cafe it may be lawful for fuch fupervifor or fupervifors, offi-

:er or officers, or any of them, to take out of any particular part

>f the floor pf fuch wetting of corn or grain fo making mto

malt, as he or they (hall fo fufpedt to be acrefpired, fo much

hereof as he or they can conveniently take up with one hand

it one time, and to examine the fame to fee if it be acrefpired,

is aforefaid, or not; and in cafe upon examination thereof it (hall Penalty on

ippear that more than one part in fifteen of fuch com or grain, malfter,

o taken up by the hand, is acrefpired, as aforefaid, the intire

netting of malt, whereof fuch com or grain fo taken up by the

land was part, (hall be deemed, taken and charged as acrefpired

nalt, and the majfter or maker thereof (hall be charged with the

ull duty of fix pence per bufhel for every bulhel of malt of that

vetting, and (hall not have any allowance out of the fame, for

>r in relpedt of its being charged upon the floor, or elfewhere.;	o

md (hall alfo forfeit and lofe for every bufhel of the ford malt, ,

he further fum of live (hillings; any adt or afts of parliament to

he contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. REP.

ELI. Provided always, and be it further enadied by the autho- officers ity aforefaid. That the refpedtive fupervifor or fupervifors, offi- Vering,togivt :er or officers, who (hall difcover fuch acrefpired corn or grain notice thereof naking into malt, as aforefaid, (hall within the fpace of eight tomalftert. md forty hours next after the refpedtive time or times when the ame (hall be difeovered, give or leave notice thereof in writing vith or for the refpedtive malfters or makers of fuch malt, or vith fome or one of his, her or their refpedtive fervants, on pain >f forfeiting the fum of forty (hillings for every negledt of fuch aotice.

IV.	And be it further enadied bv the authority aforefaid.

That if any unmalted oats or barky (nail be found mixt with or Forfeiture for imongft malt (hipping or (hipped for exportation, that then and mixing un-n every fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons who (hall (hip or caufe S^-leywAlx °r >r procure to be (hipped fuch malt fo mixed (hall, for eveiy malt for ex-)u(hel thereof, forfeit and lofe the fum of five (hillings.	portation, 51.

V.	And for preventing of frauds in the (hipping of malt for per bulhel. importation to parts beyond the feas, and afterwards relanding

he fame: be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid, That at the ports rom and after the faid four and twentieth day of June one thou*- for meafuring ‘and feven hundred and twenty, it (hall and maybe lawful to and jpaktand ;or the commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenues of excife for the feo lt dcar®^ time^being^ or the major part of tnem refpedKvely, from time to (ie^, t.Q^onflitute and appoint one or more officer or officers n fuch of the ports of this kingdom where any malt may, ts or

S 4	(h*U

Anno fe*to Geokgii I. c, %t.	£*79

{hall be {hipped in order to be exported to parts beyond the fca, with intent to obtain a drawback or bounty, not only to fee and attend the meafuring of all malt which (hall be (hipped or lad on board any (hip or veffel for exportation to parts beyond the j feas, in fuch port or ports refpe&ively, but alfo to continued j board fuch (hips or veflels on which l\ich malt (hall be lades er ftupped, until the fame (hall be refpedtively cleared their rdped* ive pprts, in order to prevent the relanding thereof.

Ex orterto VI. And li ^urt^er cna&ed hy the authority aforefraf, give 48Chours That every perfon and perfons who, from and after the fbonorf notice before- ^twentieth day of June aforefaid, (hall intend to (hip xmk (hipping malt, for exportation (hall* by the fpace of eight and forty hare** on forfeiture leaft, before the beginning %o (hip or put on board any (hip* bu^cl.PCr	.veffel any malt for exportation, give or fend to fuch officer «r

#	.	officers, as aforefaid, of the port or place where fuch mah flufl

. be intended to be (hipped or put on board, notice in writing of the particular day, and of the precife hour of fuch day when .fuch (hipping or putting on board of fuch malt is or (hall be intended to be begun, on pain to forfeit and lofe the fum of lie (hillings for every bulhel of malt which (hall be fo (hipped or put on board for exportation, without fiich notice fo giytn or lent, as aforefaid.

Obftru&ing VII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, officer, forieitt That if from and after the four and twentieth day of Jm\-iol.	forefaid,	any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall oppofe, moled,

hinder or obftrudi any officer or officers of excife in the dsp execution of the powers or authorities given or granted rofbch officer or officers, by this or any other a& or adts relating to tbp . duties of excife, every fuch perfon or perfons fo doing, frail forfeit and lofe for every fuch offence the fum of ten pounds.

Corn forced VIII. And for the more effefiual preventing the farcing together together in the °f c*rn> fecPing or Jlteped in order to the making thereof into malt, cittern to pre- whereby the riftng and iwelling of fuch corn being prevented and bin-ventrifmgjfor- Ared^ his Majejly is thereby very much defrauded of and in his duty per bulhel* fyon ma^: be lt f^fier enabled and declared by the authority ^	’	aforefaid,	That	if from and after the four and twentieth day of

June aforefaid, any com in any ciftern or uting vat, deeping or ftceped in order to the making thereof into malt, by any malfier .	.	or maker of malt, (other than compounders for the doty on

malt) is or (hall be found (b hard, clofe and compact, as it could npt be, unlcfs the fame had by fome means or other been forced together to prevent the riling and fwelling thereof, every ma/r fter and maker of malt (other than compounders for the duty :	on malt) where tfi? fame (hall be fo found (hall, in every fuch

cafe, forfeit and lofe the fum of two (hillings and (ix pence prr bulhel for every bufhel of fuch corp, fteeping or fteepod, which (hall be found fot hard, clofe and compact, as aforela:«d.

■ Kntfties ho w	**.	f«rtt*er	-enaa?1	by	thc^	authority tfonAid,

to beiusd tor.-That all penalties and forfeitures by this act impofed or enacted, for or on account of the duty upon malt, (hall and may be ford ior, levied, recovered or mitigated by fitch ways, means and «y !.	'	thodj,

Digitized by Google

p719.}	Anno fexto GEorgii I. c. 21*	264

:hods, as any penalty or forfeiture is or may be fued for, levied, recovered or mitigated, by any law or laws of exeife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majcfty’s courts of record at JVeJlminJhr, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, and that one moiety of eveiy fuch penalty and forfeiture (hall he to his Majefty,his heirs and fucceflbrs,and the other moiety to him, her or them that (hall inform or lue for the fame.

X. And whereas upon appeals to the juftices of the peace, aftimbled Qn appeals t* at their refpeflive quarterfejfions^ againft original judgments duly the quarter-given by particular juflices of the peace, upon informat:on duly exhibit- feflions, jufti-ed before them for offences committed contrary to the refpeftive ads relating to the refpeftive duties upon malt, and to the duties upon hides J!^n 1 e me~ and JkiftSy and pieces of Jkins and hides, tanned, tawed and dreffed, and upon vellom and parchment made in Great Britain, fever at fuch original judgments have at fticbqvtfrter-feftions been revet Jed upon nice and critical exceptions or objeftionf ter the form or forms of fuch proceedings, without proceeding at faffi ffiartet-fcjfons to re-examine and re-bear the truth /md merits oftheraff or fads in queftion between the parties to fuch information and informationsy to the great obfruflion of jujlice w faw cafes: for remedy whereof, be it enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the intent and meaning of fuch appeal and appeals was and is, That upon fuch appeal and appeals in* every and each refpedive cafe, the juftices aflembledatfuch qu^rter-feffionsrefpedively,fha!I and do proceed to re-hear, re-examine, and re-confider* the truth and merits of the fedand fads in queftion between the parties to fuch original judgment and judgment* refpedively, and to re-examine the witneffesthereto upon oath, and that thereupon the faid juftices fo aflembled (hall and do finally determine of and concerning the truth and merits of the fad and fads rn queftion between the parties to fuch judgment and judgments refpedively; and if at fuch qtiarter-femons any defeft or defeats of form (hall be found in fuch proceedings before the particular juftices who gave fuch .original judgment or judgments,That then in and every fuch cafe, fuch defed or defers of form (hall and may be rectified and a- **nd to rectify mended by the order or orders of fuch juftices fo aflembled at fuch fnotarti quarter-feflionsj any thing herein, or in any other ad or adscu|j^ jui^ces* contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XI. And whereas his Majcftfs revenues both of cujloms and ex- All diitillers, cife are much leffened by the clandeftine importation of brandy, arrack? &c\to enter rum, fpiritSy and ftrong waters into this kingdom of Great Britain, from parts beyond the feat, without payment of any of the duties by keeping^ran1"-law. chargeable on the fame, and the fair dealers in the faid commodities dy, &c. at the much prejudiced in their trade therein: for remedy whereof, be it nextexcife-of-cnaded by the authority aforefaid, That on or before the -firlt ficc>by 1 day of Auguft one.thoufand feven hundred artd twenty, all di- fciJure of 20L ftillers, makers or fellers of or dealers in brandy, arrack, rum, &c, ftrong waters or fpirits, either Britijh or foreign, either by wholesale or retail, (hall make true and particular entry in writing of all ware->houfes, ftore-houfes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, .and pther plapes, by him, her or them rpfpedivefy made ufe of for

Digitized by

%66	Anno	fcxto	Georgii I. c.21. .	[1719*

the keeping of brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters, cither Britijh or foreign, for fale, at the office ©f excife, within the compafs or limits whereof fuch refpe&ive ware-houfes, ftore-t	houfes,	rooms,	(hops,	cellars,	vaults,	and	other	places, (hall be

fituated, and alfo of all brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits and ftrong waters, Britijh and foreign, which at the time of making of fud} refpedlive entries, (hall be in fuch ware-houfes, ftore-hou/es, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and other places, and every of them refpe£tive!y, on pain of forfeiting the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch ware-houfe, ftore-houfe, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, which, from and after the (aid firft day of Augujl one thoufend feven hundred and twenty, (hall be (b made ufe of by any fuch diftiller, maker, fejler or dealer re(pedively, without making fuch entry thereof, as aforefaid, together with the brandy, arrack, run*, fpiritt aid ftrong waters, which (hall be found therein, and alfo the edits and vefTels whatfoever containing the fame,

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. After 1 Aug. That all and every other perfon or perfons, who after the faid ,7*°-all others day 0f JUguJi one thoufand feven hundred and twenty (hall comediftillers ^ecom^ diftillers, makers or fellers of, or dealers in any fuch See* to make ’brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters, (hall, before he^ like entry. (he or they take any fuch brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong

Waters, into his, her or their cuftody or pofieffion, make the like particular entry in writing of the feveral and refpe&ive ware»-noufes, ftore-houfes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and other places, intended by him, her or them refpedively to be made ufe of for the keeping <^f brandy, arrack, rum, fptnts or ftrong waters, either Britijh or foreign, on pain of forfeiting the fum pf twenty pounds for every fuch ware-houfe, ftore-houfe, room, jfhop, cellar, vault, or other place, fo to be made ufe of by fuch laft mentioned diftiller, maker, feller or dealer refpc&ively, without making fuch entry, as aforefaid, together with the brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits and ftrong waters, which (hall be found therein, and alfo the calks and veiTels whatfoever containing the feme.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* No brandy to That from and after the faid firft day of Augujl one thoufend bt brought in-feven hundred and twenty no brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or to fuch ware- ftrong waters, either Britijh or foreign, (hall be brought imp houfes, to. fuch ware-houfe, ftore-houfe, room, (hop, cellar, vault or other tice,°&c .0°n place made ufe °f by any diftiller, maker or feller of or dealer ia forfeiture, to. brandy, arrack, rum, ftrong waters or fpirits, without firft giving notice thereof to the officer of excife of the divifion or placp in which fuch ware-houfe* ftore-houfe, room, (hop, cellar, vault* or other place in which luch brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters are. intended to be lodged, and producing to the faid officer, and leaving with him an authentick certificate, that the duties charged or chargeable upon all the faid brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters fo intended to be brought in as aforefaid, have been a&tuilly paid/ or that the feme hath been

con-

Digitized by L^ooQle

17 *9*1 Anno fexto Georgii I. C. it.	t6}

condemned as forfeited, or was part of the flock of fame importer, diftiller, maker or feller of or dealer in brandy, arrack,, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters, of which an account has been taken pursuant to this ad, and expreffing the quantity and quality-thereof, and at what port or place the faid duties were fo paid* or the brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters condemned as aforefaid, or of whofeftock the fame was part, on pain of forfeiting the brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits and ftrong waters fo brought in without fuch notice or certificate as aforefaid, together with the cafks and veffcls whatfccver containing the fame*

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by tfie authority aforefaid.

That from and after the faid firft day ofAumft one tboufend Officers may feven hundred and twenty, it (hall and may be lawful for the houfcs^&c' by officers of his MajeftyV revenues of excife, or any of them, day or night, from time to time and at all tune*, by day and by night (and if to take an *c-m the.night-time, in the prefence of a conftable or other officer- foa,|t °fffe of the peace) to enter into all and every the laid ware-houfes, brandy» ftore-houfes, rooms, (bops, cellars, vaults or other places made ofe of by any diftillera, makers or feHers of or dealers in brandy, arrack, rum, (pints or ftrong waters .for keeping the fame, and by tailing guaging or othermfc to take ^fitt^count of the quantity and quality of all Inch of the feidliqpor*, as foall at any time be in their or any of their cuftody*. and if any fuch obftru&teg diftiller, maker or teller or or dealer in brandy* arrack, rum, officers, for-fpirits or ftrong waters (hall hinder or refufe.the &jd .officer or fcitl 5°h officers to enter into hi*, her or their laid warc-houfes, ftore-houfes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults and other places, or any of them, to take fuch account as aforefaid,)or (hall let, hinder or obftrudl the bid officer or officers in the execution of any of the powers and authorities by this a6l given to him or them, the per- < fon or perfons offending therein (hall for every fuch offence for*-feit and lofc the fum of fifty pounds.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, brandy See.

That from and after the faid firft day of Augufl one thoufand fe- to be fold but* ven hundred and twenty no brandy, arrack, mm, fpirits Of in fuch ware-ftrong waters, either Britijfb ox foreign, (ball be fold, uttered or boufes on for-expofed to fate, either by whblefale or retail, but when the fame	4°**'

(haH be in feme or one of the laid ware-boufes, ftore-houfes, farther provi-rooms, (hops, cellars* vaults or other places- fo entred as afore- fans relating 4 faid, upon pain of forfeiting the fiim of forty (hillings for every beretouQto*i. gallon of brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters as fhaU * 3°*	*•

be fo (old, uttered or expofed to fate in any other place or places

than thofe entred as aforefaid* and in tfipt proportion for any greater or lefler quantity.	...

- XVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Officertogtee That ftom and after the faid firft day of Augufl one thoufand fe- the feller cer-ven hundred and twenty, where any fuch brandy, arrack, rum, tlficat5* of th* foirits or ftrong waters as aforefaid (hall afterwards be fol4 in 2ra "dy^foid the (aid entred places, or any of them, in great or fmall quaiv See. and that titics, the officer or officers of excife of the refpetfive divifions or the duty ha« places wh^e the feme (hall be fo follj, fhall be .obliged, and are

here-

Digitized by v^-ooQle

»6S

Nobrandy,&c. exceeding a gallon, to be removed without a permit.

Who (hall be deemed fellers of brandy.

Penalties ho\y to be lucd for, &c.

Anno fexto Georgii I. c.21.	£1719*

hereby required from time to time, upon the requeft of the idler or fellers thereof (without fee or reward) to give to the re-fpeftive buyers thereof certificates in writing figned by the fatd rcfpeftive officer or officers, expreffing the quantities fo fold, and the name and names of the refpeftive buyers and fellers thereof, and that the duty of fuch brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits and ftrong waters (b fold has been paid, or that the fame hath been condemned as forfeited, or was part of fuch ftock as afbiefitid, to fetisfy the officer or officers of the excifc of the refpeftive divi-fions to which the fame is intended to be carried, that the dutw thereof has been paid, or that the fame has been fo condemned, or was part of fuch (lock, that the feizing thereof may thereby be prevented.

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of Auguft one

ven hundred and twenty no brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters, exceeding the quantity of one gallon, (hall be removed or carried from any part of this kingdom to another, by land or by water, without fuch permit or certificate from fbeneor one of the officers of his Majesty's cuftoms or excifc, fignifying and certifying the quality and quantity thereof, and that his Majc-fty’s duties changeable thereon have been duly paid and fatished, or that the fame had been condemned, or was part of fuch ftock as aforefaid, on pain of forfeiting the brandy, arrack, nun, fpirits and ftrong waters which (hall be fount! carrying from one place to another without fuch permit or certificate, together with the calks and veflels whatfoever containing the fame.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforcfeid. That from and after the faid firft day dr Jngufi one thoufand Seven hundred and twenty, all and every perfon or perfons whatfor ever, who (hall have in his, her or their cuftodv any brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters, exceeding tnequantky of fixty three gallons, (hall be deemed and taken to be a feller of and dealer in brandy, arrack, rum, (pints and ftrong waters, and fubjeft to the furvey of his Majefty** officers of excifc.

XIX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforcfiud. That the penalties and forfeitures by tnis aft given for or on ac* count of any brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits, ftrong waters or fweets herein after-mentioned (hail and may be filed for, reco* vered and levied or mitigated by the feme ways, means and methods, as any penalty or forfeiture given by any of the laws of excife can or may be filed for, recovered and levied nr mitigated* and that one moiety of every fuch penalty or forfeiture (the tea* fonable charges of fuing for, recovering and levying thereof being firft dedufted) (hall be to his Majcfty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, and the other moiety tp him or them that (hallieise, inform or fue for the fame.

XX.	And whereas the clandejtine importation of brandy, arrack^ rum, fpirits or Jlrong waters from parts beyond the feat into this kingdom of Great Britain, is of late become more frequent than formerly\ and his Majejly's officers who ought and do frequently Jose

Digitized by L,ooQle

*7J9*J	Anno	lexto	Georgii I. G. 2i«	269

fuch hqitors fo clandejlinely imported, are under great difcouragements in the performance of their duty therein, in the trouble and expence they are forced to be at in procuring the fame to be condemned in his Majejifi court of exchequer, or other of his Majejly s courts: for remedy whereof, it is hereby provided, ena&ed and declared by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of i Aug. Augujt one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, where any bran- b^ndyfcLed dy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters, Britijh or foreign, (hall ^ fucd be feized as forfeited by virtue or in purfuance of this prefent for and con-ad, or of any other ad or ads of parliament relating to his Ma- derailed, jetty’s revenues of cuftomsand excife, or either of them, by any of his Majefty’s officers of the faid revenues, or either of them, all fuch feizures (except in every cafe where the feizure (hall be made for unlawful importation, and the whole quantity of the brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters, at any one time for that caufe feized, doth exceed (ixty three gallons) mall and may, in a fummary way, be proceeded upon, heard, examined into and determined in the manner herein after-mentioned; that is to (ay, in cafe fudi feizures (except before excepted) (hall happen to be made in any place or places within the immediate limits of the chief excife-office in London, the fame (hall and may, in a fummary way, be proceeded upon, heard, examined into and determined by the commiflioners of excife for the time be- -	.	,

ing, or the major part of them; and in cafe fuch feizure (except before excepted) (hall happen to be made in any place or places^,/*,* Geo. i. out of the faid immediate limits of the faid chief office of excife c. iS. fed. 17. in London, then and in fuch cafe the fame (hall and may, in a fummary way, be proceeded upon and examined into, heard, adjudged and determined by and before any two or more of his Majefty’s julbces of the peace refiding near to the place where fuch feizure or feizures (hall be made; which faid commiflion-ers and juftices of the peace refpe&ively, within their refpe&ive jurifdi&ions, (hall be and are hereby authorized and impowered to caufe therefpe&ive perfon or perTons, in whofe cuftody fuch brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters fo to be feized as aforefaid were found at the time of the feizure thereof, to be fummooed to appear before them at a certain time and place to be prefixed by the faid commiflioners of excife and iuftices of the peace refpe&ively, who are hereby fully authorized, impowered and required, upon the appearance or default of fuch perfon or perfons, fo to be funtmoned, to examine into the caufe of fuch feizure or feizures, and thereupon to proceed to give judgment for the condemnation of fuch bfandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters fo feized (except before excepted) as upon due examination (hall be found to be forfeited by virtue of this a ft, or any other a<ft or a£s of parliament relating to his Majefty’s revenues of cuftoms or excife, together with the cafks and other veflels whatfoever containing the fame, and to iflue out their warrants for the fale of fuch brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters, as (hall be fo by them refpeclively condemned, and of the calks and other veflels whatfoever containing the fame;

Digitized by kjOOQle

tjo	Anno	fcxto	Georgii	I. C. 21.	[*7*9*

and fuch their refpedive judgments (hall be and are hereby declared to be taken and adjudged to be good, valid and effectual in the law, and final to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, and not liable to any appeal, or to be removed by any writ or writs of Certiorari\ any law, ftatute or provifion to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXL Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by When bran- the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where any fuch brandy, &c. is feiz- dy, arrack, rum, (pints or ftrong waters as aforelaid, (except ed, no claim before excepted) (hall be feized as forfeited, and no perfon or Per^ons> whhin twenty days next after fuch feizure, (hall appear how^oproceed to the officer or officers who made fuch feizure to claim the to judgment fame, then and in fuch cafe, if fuch feizure or feizures (hall hap-and condem- pen to be made within the immediate limits of the chief excife-nation. office in London, it (hall and may be lawful for the officer or officers who (hall make fuch feizure or feizures, from and after the expiration of the faid twenty days next after fuch refpedive feizure or feizures, to caufe notice in writing, to be finned by his Majefty’s folicitor for the revenue of excife for the time being, to be affixed at the Royal Exchange, fignifying the day and the time of the day that the commiffioners of the excife for the time being, or the major part of them, will proceed to hear the matter of fuch feizure or feizures, and to the condemnation *of the brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters fo feized as a-forefaid, and of the cafks and other veflels containing the fame; and if fuch feizure or feizures of fuch brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters as aforefaid (except before excepted) (hall happen to be made, as aforefaid, out of the immediate limits of the faid chief cxcifc-office in London^ it (hall and may be lawful for the officers who (hall make fuch feizure or feizures, from and after the expiration of twenty days next after fuch re-fpedtive feizure or feizures, to caufe publick notice ro be given by proclamation at the next market-town to the place or places where fuch refpedive feizure or feizures (hall be made as aforefaid, upon the next market-day after the expiration of the faid twenty days, of the day and place when and where the juflices Of the peace will proceed to hear the matter of fuch feizure or feizures, and to the condemnation of fuch brandies, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters fo feized as aforefaid; in which faid cafes it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commfiflioners of exdie and juftices of the peace refpedively, within^eir refpe&ive jurisdictions, to proceed to examine into the 29ufe of fuch feizure or feizures, and to give judgment for the condemnation of fuch brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits and ftrong waters fo feized, as upon due examination (hall appear to be forfeited, and of the'ca&s and bther veflels containing the fame; which judgments fhall be good, valid and effectual in the law, and final to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if the refpedive owner or owners of the fame brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or other ftrong waters, or the refpedtive perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody the fame was at the refpedavc time or times of the feizure or feizures thereof

had

I7,9-J Anno fexto Georgii I. c.ai.	%ji

had been refpe&ively fummoned to attend the faid commiffioners of excife and juftices of the peace refpe&ively, in the manner herein before prefcribcd, and (hall not be liable to any appeal, or to be removed by Certiorari; any thing in this prefent a<5t . contained, or any law, ftatute or provifion to the contrary there- No Certl0r*,n‘ of in any wife notwithftanding.

XXIL And whereas makers of fweets for /ale, when they have occajum to fend or deliver fweets to vintners and other their cuftomers, da from time to time draw and take the fame from their fiock-cajks of fweets, containing greater quantities than the quantities fo fent or de uttered, and having f$ done, do immediately make quantities of new ftveets equal and anfwtrable to fucb quantities fo Jent or delivered, and do then put in or mix fucb new fweets to and with the remaining pare and parts of fuch thetr ftock and flocks of old fweets \ all which being frequently done and performed without ibe leaf privity or know-' ledge of the officers of excife, who Jbould make charges of the duties for and in refpeft of fuch new fweets fo made as aforefaid, they the faid officers of excife, for want of dijcovery and due notice thereof neither do or can make fucb charges, whereby his Majejiy is very much defrauded of and in his duties upon fweets: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if from and after the firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and ^fter, twenty any fweets made in Great Britain for fale, for which the 1720, fweets* duties (hall or have been duly paid, or have been duly charged that have paid by the proper officer or officers of excife, are or (hall be intend-ed to be fent or removed from one place to another, the officer Without certi-of excife of the place from whence fuch fweets are fo to be fent fcate, &c. or removed (hall, upon requeft, and without fee or reward, give certificates under his hand, expreffing therein the quantity and qualities of fuch fweets fo to be fent or removed, and the name and names of the perfon and perfons from whom and to whom fuch fweets are fo to be fent; and if from and after the laid firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and twenty any maker or makers of fweets for fale (hall fend or remove, or MaJcert IhaU caufe to be fent or removed, any fuch fweets from one fweets fending place to another, or if any vintner or vintners (hall receive or out, or vint-take into his, her or their cuftody or pofleflion any fuch fweets J*1** receiving without fuch certificate or certificates, that then and in every 0"tc^ficat* fuch cafe, as well every fuch maker and makers of fweets for fale, forfeit 10	*

as alfo every fuch vintner and vintners, (hall refpe&ively forfeit and per gallon, lofe the fum of ten (hillings for every gallon of fweets which and the fweets fhaii be met with or found (o fending or removing, or fent or and cafl“* removed, or which (hall be fo received or taken in; and alfo that all luch fweets, which from and after the faid firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and twenty (hall be found or met with (ending, carrying or removing, or fo fent, carried or removed from one place to another, without fuch certificate or certificates as aforefaid, and the ca(ks and veflels containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife; one moiety thereof to be to the ufe of '	*

his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, and the other moiety to be Seizures and to the ufe of him or them that (hall feize the fame; and that every forfcwies,

1	feizute

Digitized by ooQle

if*

how to be proceeded upon.

Anno fexto GeoRGIT I. c. feizurc and feizures of fuch Tweets, and of the calks and veflels coo-

Explained in relation to appeals by v Geo. 2. flat. 2. c.16. fed. 3.

No Certiorari.

taining the fame, which (hall or may be made by virtue or in pur-fuance of this a<5t, and alfo every other forfeiture and forfeitures, which from and after the faid firft day of Augujl one thoufand fe-ven hundred and twenty (hall or may be made by virtue or in purfuance of any a£t or ads whatfoever relating to the duties of excife, or to any other duty or duties under the management of the commimoners of excife, (hall and may be proceeded tipon, heard, examined into, adjudged and determined by the fame ways and means, and in the fame manner and form, as is and are herein and hereby prefcribed, direded or appointed to be done upon feizures of brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters, not exceeding as aforefaid; and that fuch proceedings thereon (hall not be liable to any appeal or appeals, or to be removed by Certiorari; any thing in this prefent ad contained, or any law, ftatute or provifion to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

AH informa- XXIII. And be it further enaded and declared by the autho-tions and pro- tity aforefaid, That all information and informations* complaint cecdings re- and complaints, and other proceedings whatfoever, as well be-t0athbe ^ore comm,®oners excife as aforefaid, as alfo before ju-cntredTnd in* ft»ces °f t^c peace refpedively, by virtue or in purfuance of this rolled in the or any other ad or ads whatfoever relating to the duties of ex-Englifh dfe, or to any other duty or duties whatfoever under the ma-tongue. nagement of the commiflioners of excife, are and were intended to be, and fliall and may be entred and inrolled in the Engtijb tongue; any law, ftatute or provifion whatfoever to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithftanding.

In trials relat- XXIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, ing to excife That from and after the faid firft day of Augujl one thoufand fe-or cuftoms, ven hundred and twenty, if upon trial or trials of or in any in-itions a^ife" formation, action, fuit or profecution whatfoever relating to his concerning MajeftyVduties of cuftoms and excife, or to either of them, or to the keeping of any other his duties whatfoever, or to any feizure or feizures, pe-any office, or nafty or penalties, forfeiture or forfeitures, relating to the faid du-

ine an officer tlcs> or any	or ^uP°n anYtTld^ or tria^s oforinany adk>n,

what proof is’ fuit or profecutiort whatfoever againft any perfon or perfons,for ^requiutc. any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of any ad or ads of parliament relating to the faid duties, any or either of them, a-ny queftion or queftions (hall be made, or any doubt or doubts, difpute or difputes, (hall arife or happen, touening or concerning the keeping of any office or offices of excife* in any city or cities, town or towns, or touching or concerning any one or more defendants being an officer or officers of or tor the faid duties, any or either of them, that in every fuch cafe and cafes proof (hall and may be made, or evidence given, either of the adual keeping of fuch office or offices; of excife in fuch city or cities, town or towns, or of fuch one of more defendants actually exercifing of and being employed and intruded in fuch office or offices re-**c!*!f ** fpe&ively, before and at the refpedive time and times when the matter or matters in queftion upon fuch trial or trials (Hall happen to have been done or committed, or omitted, or ncgleded

to

Digitized by Google

lyig.] Anno fcxto Georgii I. c.ai.	273

to have been done or performed, without producing any particular perfon or perfons to prove the names of the particular and refpeffive commiffioners to any commiffions in the refpedbve * cafes before-mentioned, any or either of them, to be of their own hand-writing 5 and that in every fuch cafe and cafes reflectively fuch proof and evidence (hall be deemed and taken to be legal and fufficient evidence, unlefe or until by other evidence the contrary (hall or do appear.

XXV.	And for the better fecuring the duties upon hops, be piarttersof it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after hop* to give the faid firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and twen- notice of the ty, the refpe&ive planters or owners Of hops to grow in Great precifetimeof Britain, before they refpe&ively (hall or do begin to bag or to

weigh his, her or their hops, or any part or parts thereof, (hall hops. S refpedtively give or fend notice in writing under his, her or their hands to the next officer of excife, or to the proper officer for the faid duty, of the particular day, and of the precife hour of fuch day, as well of his, her or their beginning to bag, as alfo of his, ner or their beginning to weigh fuch their refpe&ive hops, and every part and parts thereof, which notice, as well as to fuch bagging, as alfo to fuch weighing of fuch hops, as (hall be either bagged or weighed in the firft week of each refpe&ive 14 hours no-planters or owners bagging and weighing, or either of them, (hall tice to be gibe given or fent at leaft twenty four hours before the particular yen of bagg^ time and times, when as well every fuch bagging, as alfo every !nS fuch weighing, (hall refpedtiVely begin; and fuch notice as afore- ^ek! and 48 faid, as well as to every other bagging, as alfo as to every other hours for eve-weighing, of fuch hops as (hall not be bagged and weighed in ry other bag-fuch firft week, (hall likewife be given or left by the fpace of at g*ng*onPain leaft forty eight hours, as well before every fuch other bagging, 0 50 * as alfo before every fuch other weighing (hall refpe<ftively begin; and if after fuch notice given, he, fhe or they (hall not proceed to bag and weigh, or to bag or weigh according to each refpec-tive notice, that then and in every fuch cafe he, (he or they, before he, (he or they (hall at any other time or times begin to bag and weigh, or to bag or w'eigh his, her or their hops, or any part or parts thereof, (hall give or fend the like notice, as aforefaid ; that is to fay, twenty four hours notice of fuch bagging and weighing, or either of them, in fuch firft week, and forty eight hours notice, as well of every fuch other bagging, as alfo of every fuch other weighing, or either of them refpeeftively, under the pain of forfeiting and lofing the fum of fifty pounds for every neglecft and deiault of every fuch notice or notices, as a-forefaid, in either of the refpe<ftive cafes before-mentioned.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, pjanter8 cf That from and after the faid firft day of Augufl one thoufand fe- hops to keep veil hundred and twenty, the refpe&ive planters and owners of juft weights hops to grow in Great Britain, (hall refpetfively provide and keep and feales, at his, her and their refpc&ive oufts, ftore-houfes, and places £enaty of keeping his, her or their hops* fufficient and juft feales and

weights for the weighing his, her or their hops * and (hall per-

* Vol. XIV.	T	nil

Digitized by v^.ooQle

274	Anno	fexto	Geokgii I. c. 21.	[i	719.

itnt the officers to make ufe thereof for the weighing of fuch hops, and fhall not in the weighing of his, her or their hops, make ufe of, or caufe, procure, or fuffer to be ufed any falie weight or weights, under the penalty of forfeiting and lofing the fun? of twenty pounds, for not having and keeping fufficient and juft fcales and weights, or for not permitting the officer in fuch weighing, or for ufing, caufing, procuring or fuffering to be ufed in fuch weighing his, her or their hops, any falfe weight or weights.

Hops may be XXVII. And whereas for the better prefervation of bops, it is put into calks, thought convenient for the owners or planters thereof to be at liberty to put the fame into cafks inflead of bags: be it therefore provided and enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of Auguft one thoufend feven hundred and twenty, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch owners or planters of hops, if they (hall think fit, to put the faid hops into cafks, fuch owner or owners, planter or planters firft giving the bke notice of the time that he, (he or they intend to weigh, and put the faid hops into cafks, as he, (he or they are by law required to give of the bagging of hops refpedively j and in cafe any owner or owners, planter or planters, (hail put any bops into cafks without fuch notice, then he, (he or they (hall be liable to the like penalties, as fuch owner or owners, planter or planters would have been liable unto, in cafe fuch hops fo put into cafks, had been bagged without fuch notice.

Officers of ex- XXVIII. And be it further enaded by the aittbority afore-cife to attend fold, That the officers of excife, and others appointed by the hopfinto1* commiflioners of that revenue, (hall in like manner attend and calks, &c. he prefent at the putting hops into calks or barrels, as he is

law required to be at the bagging of hops; and (hall caufe every cafk or barrel, into which hops (hall be put, to be weighed, and the weight of each cafk to be plainly and diftindly marked on fuch cafk refpedively; and (hall likewife caufe the’weight of the hops contained in fuch cafk to bo plainly and diftindly marked on each cafk refpedively; and fhall caufe an entry of the weight of fuch hops to be made in his book (the weight of fuch cafk or barrel beir?g abated) and fhall make the like report to the commifiioners of that revenue, and leave a like copy with the owner or planter of fuch hops, and under the like penalties and forfeitures, as in cafe fuch hops had been put into bags ; and the owner or owners, planter or planters of fuch hops (hall, within fix months after the putting hops into cafks or barrels* pay and clear off the duties on hops fo cafked or barrelled, under the like penalty as if the fame had been bagged.

5	Geo. 1. c ix. XXIX. And whereas by an aft puffed in the left feffion of parliament, intituled. An ad againft clandeftine running of uncuflom^ ed goods, and for the more effectual preventing of frauds relating to the cuftoms, any Jhip, vejfel or boat of the burthen of ffteen tens or under, wherein any brandy, arrack, rum, Jtrong waters, or fpirits of any kind whatfoever, ftoall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven or creek thereof (except

Digitized by

t7i90 Anno fexto GfiokGH I. C.21.	275

only for the ufe of ibe feamen then on boards not exceeding one gallon for each fuch feamati) Jicch /hip, veffel or boat, with all her tackle* furniture and apparel* or the value thereof is forfeited and lojl* and /ball and may be fetzed* recovered* broke up and fold* as therein mentioned : and whereas to elude the penalty of the faid law* many ill-dijpofed perfons do now carry on a clandefiine trade* by importing tbeje goods in Jhips and veffeh above fifteen ton : for the prevention thereof, be it enadted by the authority afordaid, That if any foreign After 1 Aug. brandy, arrack, ruin, ftrong waters, or fpirits of any kind what- no brandy, foever, (hall, from and after the firft day of Augufi one thoufand &c*,m* feven hundred and twenty, be imported or brought into Great ^°jp lef# thaiT Britain, or into any pen, harbour, haven or creek thereof, in 50 tons, any (hip, veffel or ooat, of the burthen of thirty tons or under Farther pro-(except only for the ufe of the feamen then belonging to and wdedfor ty on board fuch (hip, veffel or boat, not exceeding one gallon for	c*,8*

each fuch feaman) every fuch (hip, veflel or boat, with all her tackle, furniture and apparel, as alfo all fuch brandy, arrack, rum, ftrong waters or fpirits, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of Penalty, the cuftoms, and (hall and may be profccuted by bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wefi-mhtfker* or in the court of exchequer in Scotland* wherein no efibin, prote&ion or wager of law (nail be allowed ; one moiety of which forfeiture (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the feizor or profecutor; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted. That after the feizure and After feizure condemnation of (uch (hip, veflel or boat, the fame (hall be in- and condem-tirely broke up, and publickly fold to the beft advantage, toge-	ft,p to

ther with the tackle, furniture and apparel thereto belonging, ^ fold &c. and the produce thereof divided in like manner as the (hips, Such flip] veflHs and boats, under fifteen tons, are to be broke up, fold, may be ujed'* and the produce thereof divided by virtue of the faid adfc of the 11 Gc°* *• laft feffion of parliament.	c.*i. etr.14.

XXXL And whereas by the faid aft of the lajl feffion of porlia - sGeo.i. c.u. ment* a remedy was provided among ft other things to prevent the running of brandy from Jhips or vcjfels of the burthen of fifty tons or under* which lie hovering on the eoajf within the limits of the ports of this kingdom* and the exportation of wool: and whereas fuch Jhips or veffeh* to elude the intent of that law, do lie at anchor* or hover on the toaJIs as near to the faid limits as may be* whereby the mafiers of fuch Jhips or veffels have better opportunities of making their fignals to the exporters of wool* and the runners of umuftomed and prohibited goods* to draw down to the fea-fidi (as they frequently do in great numbers of armed men) and of running the goods on Jhore* and carrying off the wool and coin of this kingdom in their boats* which make more frequent trips to and from the Jhore than they could do* if fuch Jhips dr veffels were obliged to lie at a greater diflance from the flxre: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and twen- ships under ty, where any (hip or veflel of the burthen of fifty tons or un- 50 tons hovetw

T2	der^S	*hhia

Digitized by

Google

2y6	Anno fexto Georgii I. c. 21.	[1719.

two leagues of der, being m part or fully laden with brandy, (hall be found the (hore, anchor or hovering within two leagues from the (bore, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather permitting. It ftu/1 Commanders and may be lawful to and for the commander of any of his Mije-of men of war, ftv’s fhipsof war, frigots or armed lloops, appointed for the guard &c. or officers 0f the coafts, or to and for the commander of any vatch, fmack, ftoms may ^0<iPj or other boat or veflel in the fervice of his Majefty’s cu-compel matter ftoms, or to and for any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, to com-to come into pel the mafler or other perfon having the charge of fuch Slip or veflel, to come into port; and it is hereby declared. That fbch mafler or other perfon, as aforefaid, as likewife fuch (hip or* veflel, and the brandy wherewith fuch (hip or veflel is laden, in part or in the whole, (hall be fubjed to the fame rules, regulations, penalties and forfeitures, as fuch cargoes, (hips and vef-fcls, and the maflers or others taking charge thereof, which hover within the limits of any port of this kingdom, are by the faid ad fubjed unto; any thing therein, or in any other aft to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithflanding.

XXXII. And fcrafmuch as fuch illegal importations and exportations cannot be carried on by fuch Jhips or veffels, if the wafers or

port, &c.

Mafler, he. differing

brandy or un- commanders thereofdo take due care to prevent the fame: be it further be ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid put out of his firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, if (hip, or wool, the mafler, purler, or other perfon taking charge of fuch ftiip ^c. to be tak- or veflel, (hall fuffer any brandy, or other uncuftomed or prohi-ffiore tafideT kited goods, to be put out of the faid (hip or veflel into any former penal- boy, lighter, boat or bottom, to be laid on land, or (hall foffer any wool, wool-fells, mortlings, (hortlings, yam made of wool, wool-flocks, fullers-earth, fulling-clay, or tobacco-pipe-day, to be laden or taken in from the (bore, to be put on board fuch (hip or veflel, to be carried to parts beyond the feas, he or they fo offending, being convided thereof, (hall, befides the penalties and forfeitures to which they will be liable by any law now in being, fuffer fix months imprifonment without bail or main-prize.

XXXIII. And for the preventing difputes that may arife concerning the admeafurement of (hips laden with branoy and the tonnage of otber fpirits, as aforefaid, or fhips hovering on the coaft: be it fuch (hips. further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the following rule (hall be obferved therein, that is to fay. Take the length of the keel within board, (fo much as (he treads on the ground) and the breadth within board by the mid (hip-beam, from plank to plank, and half the breadth for the depth, then multiply the length by the breadth, and that produd by the depth, and divide the whole by ninety four, the quotient will give the true contents of the tonnage, according to which rule, the tonnage of all fuch (hips and veffels (hall be meafured and afeertained; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding.

Eight °r more	XXXIV.	And whereas the puniflment already infilled by law*

funding 8cc	who Jball firftbly hinder officers	of the cufloms in the due pofer-

'	'	mnee

*mer p< ties, (hall fuffer fix months imprifonment

The rule to meafure the contents of

Digitized by Google

*7 *9'] Anno fexto Geoegh I. c.n:	277

mance of their duty, has proved inefficient; be it therefore enabled Officers in ex* by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day ^eir office, to Axguft one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, if any officer or tranfport-oflkers of the cuftoms be forcibly hindred, wounded, or beaten *d. in the due execution of their office, by any perfons armed with cfab, or any manner of weapon, tumultuoufly aflembl$d in the>

<Jay or nighty to the number of eight or more perfons, all and erery perfon or perfons lb forcibly hindring, wounding or beating the faid officer or officers, or fuch as (hall adt in their aid or affiftanee, being convidted thereof, (hall, by order of the court, before,whom fuch offender or offenders (hall be convidted, be. tranfported. to feme of his Majefty’s colonies and plantations in America, for fuch term as the court (hall think fit, not exceeding feven years, in the fame manner as by an adt made in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for 4 Geo.i. c.ii. the further preventing robbery, burglary, or other felonies, and for the more effectual tranfportation of felons and unlawful exporters of Wool, and for declaring the law upon fome points relating to pirates, the offenders therein mentioned are to be tranfported to the faid colonies and plantations.

XXXV.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Returning in-if fuch offender or offenders (hall return into Great Britain or Ire* to Great Bru fand, before the expiration of the faid term, contrary to the in- j"Vr1/*" tent and meaning hereof, he or they fo returning, (hall fuffer as lan ’ c ony* felons, and have execution awarded againft them as perfons attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XXXVI.	Provided neverthelefs. That if any fuch offender offender be-

lhail within two months after fuch his offence, and before his fore eonvic-convidtion, difcover two or more of his accomplices therein to tion, difcover. the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England or Scotland refpec- inStwo’?* hig tively, Jo as they, or two of them at lead, be convidled of fuch within^wo* offence, the offender fo difeovering (hall have and receive the months, to fum of forty pounds for every offender fo difeovered and convidt- have 401. for cd, as a reward for fuch his difeovery, and (hall be clearly ac- ea?h> *nd ac~ quitted and difeharged of fuch his offence.	quitted,

XXXVIL And be it further enadted by the authority afore- other perfons laid. That from and after the firft day of Auguji one thoufand fe- difeovering in ven hundred and twenty, if any other perfon or perfons (hall, three months within three months after fuch offence (hall have been commit-ted, difcover to the faid commiffioners refpedtively any perfon bove any or perfons who (hall have been guilty of fuch offence, fo as other reward* fuch offender or offenders be convidted thereof, fuch dilcoverer or difeoverers (hall have and receive the like reward of forty pounds for every fuch offender fo difeovered and convicted, over and above any other reward and recompence which he or they may be entitled unto on account of the goods fo carried or conveyed away, whidh (hall be recovered by means of fuch his or their difeovery, or on account of the penalty which (hall be recovered for the running the (aid goods.

XXXVIII. And be it further enadted by the authority afore^ To bej>aid by laid, That the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scot* the cafhier ot *	T 3	land,	cuftoms#

27*

Prohibited or cufton>able goods in any boat, &c. or in any houfe, &c. Officer may (top and ware houfe the fame till claimed, &c.

13 & 14 Car.» c.u.

Anno facto GboRGH I. c. 11.

land, (hall caufe the fetcrai rewards of forty pounds foe the discovery of the offenders before- mentioned, to be paid by the re* fpe&ive receiver general or cathier of the cuftoms for the time being, out of any publick money in hie hands under the management of the faid commifliancrs, upcm producing to them a certificate or certificates under the hand of the judge or juflice of the court before whom the caufe (hall be toed* certifying the conyi&ion of the offender or offenders; and the money to paid by any receiver general, as aforefiud, (hall be accepted of ana allowed in his accounts, as fo much paid to bis M^efty, and he is and (hall be hereby difeharged thereof accordingly* any law, cuftom or ufage to tne contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIX. And whereas prohibited and cuflomahlt goods fwndby officers of his Majefty's ettftoms in the cufiody of perfons in hosts os tbs water, or eorrting direftly from the water fide, to wit y the cuftemabk goods on jiifpicion they were unjhipped without payment of ditty, and the prohibited goods for being imported contrary to law* and fitch goods being aljo found in other places, upon information that they were dandeflinely run, art in Hie manner ftopt until ths perfons m whofe cufiody the fame are found, or the owners of fuch goods, Jbeil apply to the commiffioners of tit cuftoins, or to the colicfter of the pert where fuch goods are fiopt te/pefthcly, that the faid goads may be difeharged in cafe there be no juft cauft to detain the fame \ mnertba* lefts the owners of the goods, tnftead of making fuch application, dofuo the officers for more than the value thereof to their great (harms and difeouragement in the execution of their duty : and whereas Sara is good reafon to believe, that many ill~difpoJtd perfons do fed tbem/Hues purpofely in the way of officers with Juch goods mthsir cufiody, ami that other$> by the directions of the owners, do fadfly or dcfestfnUpin-* form the officers that the goods were run, to the intent Juchofficers Jbould feize the fame, m ordet' to fue the officers, and thereby the owners get exceffive prices fir their goods, and the officers are deterred from making feizures, whereby the clandefiine running of goods is greatly encouraged: be it therefore enacted by the authority 1-forefaid. That from and after the firff day of Augufi one thousand feven hundred and twenty, if prohibited or cuftoufebb goods (hall be found by any officer or officers of the cuftoqw io*he cuff ody of any perfon or perfons, being in a hoy* lighter, barge, boat or wherry on the water, or coming the water-fide, without the preface of an officer* or if, filch goods (hall, upon the information of one or more crodiW* per-lon or perfons, be found in any houfe, (hop, ceHar^wafW'hoafiSi room, or other place, on a fearch there made in faebiiMMiar ag in and by an a& made in the fourteenth year of the reign of tfeft late king Charles the Second, intituled. An aft far preventing frauds, and regulating abufes in his Mayfly's eitffoms, it mentioned and directed, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch offiocr or officers to ftop and put the (aid good* in his MajcftyVware-houfe in the port next to the place where fuch ffop foall bo made, there to remain until the claimer or claimens.thereof (hall makc proof by oath, or otherwife, to the fatisfa&ion of the commit

doners

Digitized by v^ooQle

1719-! A*moferftaQwRGH I. c.2i.	279

fawierafarnisragingfa^ Majefty’s cuftoms, if Aich flop (hall be made witlua the ports of Lmdon or Edinburgh refpectively, that the duties of the customable goods have been paid, or fc-«uml to’ b© paid, or that the fame had been bought in a lawful way of trade, and that he, (he or they ft> claiming the faid goods, do wily believe the duties thereof to have bpen paid, or fecur-ori to be paid, or that the faid goods had been compounded for, or condemned in his Majefty’a court of exchequer at JVcJlminJier or Edinburgh> or been other wife delivered by writ of that court sefpe&ively* and that the prohibited goods had been compounded for, or condemned, or otherwife delivered, as aforelaid, in which cafe fach goods (hall and may be delivered without delay or charge: and if fach goods (hall be (lopped in any other of the ports within this kingdom, the claimer or claimers thereof fhali and may make the like proof to the like purpofe, as afore-faid, and deliver the fame to the eolle&or,. or in his abfence, to one of the other principal officers of the cuftoms in the port where fuch (lop (hard be made, which proof (hall, without lofs of time, be tranhnhted to die faid commifiioners refpedtively, far their directions touching the immediate delivery of fuch goods* without charge to; the claimer or claimers, or for the Seizing and profecuting of the fame, as the faid commifiioners (hall fee caufe.

XL. Provided, fuch proof be made within ten days after Proof to be in the goods fhall have been fo flopped, in failure whereof the L° <,ayi fame (hall nod may be feiaed, and profecutcd in fuch manner lt0PPm£* as by the faveral arvdrefpedivc laws now in force againft the im-pdrtatkmof prohibited or uncudpmed goods, is provided, the forfeiture of fach goods after condemnation, (hall be to, and for fisdrufct* and according to fuch proportions or (hares, as are aherdtrand thereby* refpedively mentioned and didributed.

XLI. And be it farther enaded by the authority aforefaid, Prooftolieon That if upon fach profecution where no application hath been the elaimer. made ter the oommiflioners or officers aforefaid, and not other-wifa, the property of the goods fhall be claimed by any perfon , or periods, and if any queftion, difpute or doubt fhall arife, whe-therthe duties thereof were paid or Secured, or that the faid goods had been compounded tor, or condemned, or otherwife delivered by writ out of the court of exchequer, or bought in a lawful way of trade, the proof fhall be incumbent on fuch claimer or daimers, and noton the feizor or profecutor; and if If verdift pafs thereupon a- verdict fhall pafe for fuch claimer or claimers, or if ^or the officer os officers fhall become nonfuit, or forbear profecu- have^cafon-tion, or difcontinue the fame, or if upon demurrer or otherwife, able cods of judgment (hall be given againd the officer or officers, then and fait, in any of the faid cafes, the claimer or claimers fhall, over and EnJgctd by above the recovery of his, her or their goods, or the value there-	c*a8#

•f, have reafonable cods of (bit, for which he, (he or they (hall bant the like remedy as where cofts by law are awarded, which faid ebfts of fait (mil be reckoned and efteemed as a fall fatis-

T 4	fa&ioa

s8o

Anno fexto Georgii I. cm.



fadlon for the faid claimer or claimer* damages occafiooed by the detention add feizure of the faid goods.

If the claimer XLII. And be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, make proof of That in all cafes where the daimer or claimers of fiich goods fo hi* goods, or ftopt, as aforefaid, (hall make proof either by oath before any receWeYahn VC ju^ce	l^e	or	other	perfon	impowered	to adnunifier

damage, ^he the fame, or ptherwife, to the fatisfa&ion of the commiffigpcrs

foods to be for managing his Majefty’s cuftoms refpe&ively, or officcn of elivered, and the cuftoms, as aforefaid, in manner before dire&ed and appoint-he may fue, e(jy fQ as to induce the refpedive commiffioners to order the de-livery of the goods lo ftopt; and if the owner or owners, claimer or ckiimers of fuch goods, (hall receive any damage by means of fuch (fop; then and in fuch cafe the owner or owners, claimer or claimers of the faid goods, (hall and may receive (nth goods by virtue of fuch order, without any charge or delay; and it (hall and may neverthelefs be lawful to and for fuch owner or owners, claimer or claimers, to bring his, her or their adbon or adions a gain ft the officer or officers, who (hall ftop his, her or their goods, for fuch reafonable damages, which he, (he or they (hall or may have fuftained by means of the (aid goods being fo flopped or detained, as aforelaid; any law, cuftom or ufege to the contrary notwithftanding.

Officers may XLIII. Provided always, and be it declared to be the true in** profecute not- tent and meaning hereof. That if the officer or officers who withstanding (hall ftop fuch goods, or any other officer or officers of the cu» cfCth^UOnS ft°™, (hall be defirous to feize and profecute the fame, notwith-o \c com- flan(jjng any dire<51ions of the commiffioners of the cuftoms for the delivery of the faid goods refpedively, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch officer or officers to feize and profecute the fame in fuch manner as by the feveral and refpe&ive laws of the cuftoms now in force fuch goods may be feized and proiecut- • ed, in every of which cafes the officer or officers fo profecuting (hall be liable, and he or they are hereby declared liable to be fued by the owner or owners of the faid goods for the recovery of the fame, or the value thereof, with rail cods of fuit; or if the faid commiffioners (hall not order the delivery of the (aid goods fo ftopt, then and in fuch cafe, the owner and owners, claimer or claimers of fuch goods, (hall and may neverthelefo fue for the recovery’ of fuch goods, together with cofts and damages, according to the ufual courfe of law, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at Wcjlminfier, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, as he or they might have done before the paff-ing of this ad ; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-* withftanding.

XLIV. And be it further enaded by«the authority aforefaid. That the feveral offences in this ad mentioned, relating to an^howtoTe c^oms> or ot^er duties upon importation or exportation, or tried.	to uncuftomed. or prohibited goods (except as in tins ad is

otherwife provided) (hall and may be heard, tried and determined by bill, plaint or information in any of his Majefty** courts of record at Wejlminjlery pr in the court of exchequer in

Scotian#

' com miffioners.

So may the

owners.

Offences relat-ing to the cu-

Digitized by ^ooQle

J7>r9*] Anno ibrtn Georgii I. c. 2t.	281

Scotland refpeftively, wherein noefloin, protiftiort or Wager of law (hall be allowed.

XLV. And whereas by an aft paffed in the third year of the reign 3&4A1M. c.4. of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An a<ft tor continuing duties upon low wines, and upon coffee, tea, chocolate, fpices and pi&ores, and upon hawkers, pedlars and petty chapmen, and upon muffins; and for granting new duties upon feveral of the laid commodities, and alfo upon callico, China ware and drugs, it is enafted, That any perfon or perfons may import into this kingdom, nutmegs, cinnamon, doves, mace and tea, fubjeft to the feveral duties payable for the fame, from any parts beyond the feas, in Britifh fhips, navivated as therein mentioned, and fo as notice be firft given to the commjffioners of her Maj(fly's cufloms of the quantity and quality of the Jaid fpices and tea fo intended to be imported, and the place to which they intend to import the fame, and taking a licence under the hands of the faid commijftoners for the time being for the landing and importing thereof, as aforefaid: and whereas by an oft pafftd in the eighth year of the reign of her jbid late Majefty, % Ann. c. 7, intituled. An aft for granting to her Majefty new duties of excite, fe&. * j. and upon feveral imported commodities, and for othei* purpofes therein mentioned, it is enafted. That nutmegs4 cinnamon, cloves and mace, may be imported into Great Britain, fubjeft to the feveral duties payable for the fame, from any parts beyond the feas, in Britifh fhips, navigated as therein mentioned, the importer thereof firft giving notice to the faid commiffioners of the quantity and quality of the faid fpices, and the place into which he intends to import the fame, and taking a Heence under the hands of the faid commiffioners for the importing thereof, which importation ts to be continued during the continuance of the faid refpeftive afts, which are ftill in force: and whereas many iu-difpoftd perfons having taken out licences for great quantities of the faid fpices and tea, do import the fame at feveral times in fmall parcels, with intent fecretly to land the fame as opportunity Jball offer \ but if the faid fpices or tea are found by the officers of the cufloms on board the /hip, the importers to prevent the figures thereof, do produce their licences, and pretend that thofe fpices hr tea are part of the quantities mentioned in the faid licences, whereby there is good reafon to fufoeft that great frauds are frequently committed, to the leffening of his Majefty s revenue, and prejudice to the fair merchant: be it therefore enadted and declared by theIn eve*7 **-authority aforefaid. That in every licence to be granted from and	nuu"

after the firft day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and Siegs^&c. the twenty, in purfuance of the faid a<fts, and during their continu- quantity and ance, for the importing of nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace place of land-and tea, (hall be exprefled the quantity and quality of the faid fpices and tea, and the place or port into which the fame are in- ^pealed as tended to be imported; and that if any greater quantity of the to the licence faid fpices or tea (hall be imported, than what is expreffed in fir tea by the faid licence, the fame fo imported (hall be deemed to be im- Z Gco*r* ported without a licence; and fuch licence (hall and may be granted without any fee or reward by the commiffioners or chief managers of the cuftoms for the time being, or any three or

2	fnor$

Digitized by LjOOQle

eS2	Anno	fexco	Gcofton	L e+%u

more of them, or by the cuftomer or eoUoftor and controller of the port into which the £ud fpices and tea are to be imported, to as that all nutmegs, cloves, mace and cinnamon, to be tin* ported into this kingdom by virtue of fuch licence, from any place or places beyond the feas»other thandiredUy fromtbcEqfi-Indies* be not in any other package than in calks or'bales; which calks or bales Hull contain the quantity hereafter men* tioned, that is to lay, each calk of nutmegs, cloves or mace to weigh neat three hundred pounds weight, or upwards, cash bale of cinnamon to weigh neat fevcnty pounds Weight, or upwards.

Licence to be XLVL And be it further ena&ed. That the licence fo taken delivered up out foj fpiee and tea as afordaid (hall be delivered to thetner-at enmng the demanding the fame; which licence (hall be produced*!*! Enforctd by delivered up by the mailer, purfer or other perfan taking charge sGeo.i.c. t8. of the Ihip wherein fuch fpiee or tea (hall be imported, with the name of the (hip and matter, together with the marks and numbers of each calk, bale or parcel, and the quantity and quality of fuch fpiee or tea indorfed on the back thereof, to the collector and comptroller of the port into which the fame flidl be imported, at the time of his or their catting the Ihip ; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwkhftandiog*

Spice* in bags XLVII. And whereas fuch (puts are frequently imparted in begs °r/m&1 *far~ ***** ot*)er Parcels pucka i* hog/heads* cafes* Mas er ether kited.C °f* P&kge* in order to run the fame dandefitnely: be it eoaded by the authority afore laid, That if any of the Mean above-mentioned (hall be found on board any mip or veflel in bags or other frnall parcels packed in hbglheads, calks or bales, the fame fltatt be forfeited; one moiety whereof to be to the ufo of hi* Maje-tty, his heirs arid fucoeflors, and the other moiety to him or them who will inform or fue for the fame in any ofhis Majcfty’s courts of record ixJVeflmhfler* or in the court of exchequer in Scat land* wherein no elloin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed*

S Ann. e. 13.	XLVIII. And whereas by an aft of parliament of the eighth year

of the reign of her late majejly j^ueen Anne made (amongfi ether things) for better preventing frauds in drawback* it was eoafted. That no debenture Jhould be paid or allowed for any tobacco exported from any port of Great Britain to the kingdom of Ireland* until a certificate Jhould be produced under the hands and Jeals of the colU&or* comptroller and furveyor of the cufhms of any port in Ireland, or any two of them* where fuch goods Jhndd be landed* tejlifying the landing thereof (the danger of the feas or enemies excepted): and whereas it frequently happens* that tobacco imported into this kingdom* ead afters wards )hipped again for Ireland, doth in the carriage thither wafte and decreaje in weight* but as the law now Jlands no mere drawback can be allowed* than for the quantity of tobacco particularly fpeeified in the faid certificates returned from Ireland: now for the encouragement of all fair traders that Ihall fend tobacco for Ireland* 0*1pcpccnt.C lt IS hcrcbY farther enabled by the authority aforefaid. That to be made for from time to time, upon producing fuch certificates as afotefind tobacco ex- under the hands and feals of the collector, comptroller and&r-

vcyor

iyij.) Anno fextD<5*oiicn I. c. 21.	283.

vcyor of tbecuftom* of any port in belaud, or any two of them, ported to ire*

wbbre foch tobacco (hall be landed^ teftifymg the landing there- *antl for waftef

of ia that kingdom, at any time or times after the firft day of

Auguft cme thoufand (even hundred and twenty, in cafe there

lhali appear tp be aay difference in weight between the quantity

{pacified in fuch certificate* and 'the quantity enured and (hipped

for exportation tipther, lb that she quantity landed in Ireland

ibaH be Itffrthan the quantity b entred and (hipped for that

kingdom, tn-aH and etery fucb cafe and cafes an allowance (hall

be; made to the merchant exporter on the duties to be drawn

back of all fuch tobacco fo Supped and exported to Ireland, ia

confideraiioa of the wafts which may happen (if aay be) in the

voyage between Great Britain and Ireland, to as fuch allowance

donot in any cafe exceed two per centum-, any former law or fta-

t ute to the contrary netwithftaoding.

XLIX. And whereas it h found by experience. That great quantities Tobacco ex-ef tobacco are ekmdtftindy run into Ireland after the entring and ex~ po-rtedn^l/°' porting the fame- from Great.Brkam for other foreign parts, and the exporters have entitkd'tbemfelvisto debentures for the drawbacks in land, forfeited this kingdom, in prejudice of hts Majefty's revenues and to the difmand double nagement of fair traders : he it further enaded by the authority drawback* aforefaid. That if any tobacco fo entred out and exported (had &c‘ afterwards be landed.io Ireland, die fame and double the drawback thereof (hall be forfeited, and every debenture for the drawback thereof (hah become void,, as if the faid tobacco were relanded in any part of Great Britain; which forfeitures (hall and* may be profecotsed and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeftminfter or Dublin refpeftivelyy or in the court of exchequer in Scotland in which prdecutson no cflbirr, pvoto&ioo or wager of law (hah be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance; one moiety of which forfeiture or forfeitures to be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame as a-forciaid.

L. And whereas the exporters of tobacco for any foreign parts are Ireland to be new only obliged to ftvear, that the tobacco flapped and certified is net added to the landed, or intended to be relanded in any part of Great Britain; fcoatb ofex-is hereby eaa&ed, That from and after the firft day of Auguft {£Cco”o°fo-°-one thoufcod (even hundred and twenty Ireland (hall be added reign part* and* included in the oath before-mentioned (except for fuch tobacco as (hall be regularly (hipped for Ireland) without which the officers of the cuftoms (hall not fuffer the debenture to pafs j any law or cuftom to the contrary notwitbftanding.

XJ. And whereas by an aS made in the ninth year of the reign of Bills of ex-her fluid late majefty Sneen Anne, intituled. An a<ft for eftahlilh- change wrote rag a general poft-office for all her Majefty ’s dominions, and for °P thefamc fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof, for the fer- ^Ttkaletter61^ vice erf the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions; the pqft- to be rated as tnofler general is authorized to demand, have, receive and take, for b many di-fingk Utters or pieces of paper, to and from the general poft-office in lettcH* London, to and from any parts or places of Great Britain, the 9 Ana*c*ia%

kingdom

Digitized by Google

284

Anno lexto Georgii I. c. if*	[l?f9.

kingdom of Ireland, or other bis Majeftfs dominions, certain rates tm the fame aft mentioned for the port of every ftngle letter or piece of paper: and whereas bills of exchange are frequently fent wrote on one and the fame piece of paper with a letter, and alfa feveral letters to feveral and diftinft perfons are fent wrote upon one and the fame pita of paper: be it declared by the authority aforefaid, That it was and is the intent and meaning of the fame alt, that every fuch bill and every fuch letter (hould be rated, taxed and paid for as fo many feveral and diftinft letters, according to the rates with* in the fame aft mentioned. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the fame (hall be accordingly rated, taxed and paid for as fo many feveral and diftinft letters, according to the rates within the fame aft mentioned.

9 Ann. c. 10. *LII. And whereas by the fame aft it is amongjl other things protect. 13. videdy That all merchants accounts not exceeding one fheet of paper, c^m^s^Ulsof	°f exc^anSe9 invoiles and bills of lading are andJhaU be

exchange, in° thereby under food to be allowed without rate in the price of the letter : voices, &c. and whereas fame doubts have been made touching the faid claufe and wrote on one provifa: be it therefore enabled and declared by the authority to^ten^on^* aforc^a*<*» That it was and is the intent and meaning of the aft iy to fitch let- ^ mentioned, and of thefe prefents, that the faid provifo and tersfent tofo- allowance (hall extend to fuch merchants accounts, bills of exreign parti, change, invoices and bills of lading only, as (hall be lent to or from the (aid general poft-office in London to or from any parts or places beyond the feas, not within his Majefty*s dominions ;

,	and that all other merchants accounts, bills of exchange, in-

voices and bills of lading (hall be rated, taxed and paid for as fo many feveral letters, according to the rates in the lame aft mentioned, and the true intent and meaning of thefe prefents. Sheriffs, See. LIII. And whereas many under-jberiffs, and other perfons afting delivering out as fo mayie foitVir out blank warrants and other warrants arreting per- ho-attomies, bailiffs and others, for the arrefting and taking perfons fons to attor- into cuftody upon mean procefs, without having any writ or units or nies, See. be- other legal procefs in their cuftody to foflify the fame, whereby bis fore they have jefly's duties are greatly lejfaned and his fubjefts aggrieved ? for re-theimjftody mecly thereof, be it enacted. That if any high (heriff, under (hall forfeit	(berm, or his or their deputy or deputies, their clerks or agents,

101.	(hall at any time or times after the firft day of Auguft one thou-

sand feven hundred and twenty make or caufe to be made or delivered out to any perfon or perfons wbomfoever, any warrant or warrants, either blank or filled up in part or in all, before they or fome of them (hall aftually have in their custody the refpeftive writs upon which fuch warrants (hould and ought to HTue, that then the feveral perfons fo. offending, and every of them, (hall forfeit the fura of ten pounds for every fuch offence. j&6W. &M. LIV. And whereas by a ftatute made in the fifth year rf the reign c. ai. f. 4- of King William and £>ueen Mary, for granting to their Majeflies .

feveral duties upon vellom, parchment and paper 5 and by another fta~ c *1,0fW‘ 3‘ iute ***** ™ *be ninth year of his faid late majefty King William the C 2$-	Third9 for granting 'to his Majefty, his heirs and Jutceffors* further

dtiUet on ftampt velhm, parchment and paper, it was (inter ilia)

2*5

enabled, That from and after the time and times therms refpe&ively exprejfed every officer or clerk belonging to the court of King's bench, common pleas or exchequer, who Jbould fign any writ before Judgment to arreft any perfon or perfons thereupon, Jhould, at the ftgnsng there-ofy fet down upon fuch writ or procefs the day and year of his figning the fame, under the forfeiture of ten pounds for every fuch offence or meglett: therefore tor the better preventing the frauds aforefaid, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every warrant to Every warrant be made out or to iffue upon any fuch writ or writs, (hall have to be made the fame day and year plainly and diftinftly fet down thereon, °utu°/1 a as lhall be fo fet down on the writ itfelf, under the forfeiture of JJJ anaJ ten pounds for every fuch nefgleft or omiffion, to be paid by the fet down7 perfon who (hall write, fill up or deliver out fuch warrant; both thereon, on which penalties to be fued for, recovered and divided in fuch forfeiture of manner as the other penalties in the faid recited aft of the ninth10 * of King WiUiam are direfted to be fued for, recovered and divided.

LV. And whereas a practice hath of late prevailed for perfons to Perfons tear-cut out and tear off the mark or Jlamp upon the fpotted or paintedfide inS 9^tl,e of playing cards after fuch cards have been fold, ufed or played withy ™Yards” or^ and by pafting on and affixing the fame (lamps and marks on other filing, fquar-cardsy do frequently make one mark or Jlamp fefve for two or three ing or new feveral packs of cards: and whereas the feal and Jlamp upon the out-Jtde papers inclofmg each pack of cards are frequently made ufe of a- h^ve'been gain after they have been fold and difpofed ofy to inclofe other packs of fold, &c. for-playing cards, by which fraudulent and unjujl prafiices his Majejlys feit 101. revenue is daily lejfened and diminijhed : for remedy whereof, be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons, at any time after the firft day of Augujl one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, (hall fraudulently cut, tear or get off any mark or (lamp in refpfeft whereof or whereby any duties are payable, or are denoted to be paid or payable to his Majefty on playing cards, or (hall file, fquare or new fpot any dice which have been fold or played with, or (hall fraudulently inclofe any parcel or pack of playing cards in any outfide paper fo fealed and damped as aforefaid, the fame having been once madeufe of for the purpofe aforefaid, or in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall hereafter fell or expofe to fale any playing cards, the fame not being, at the time of fuch felling or expofing to (ale, aftually (lamped on the fpotted or painted fide, and alfo inclofed in paper a/td thread, fealed and (lamped, as by the aft of the tenth year of IO Ann.c. 19, her faid late majefty Queen Anney which charges the faid duties, (eft. 161. is direfted; then, fo often, and in every fuch cafe, every perfon fo offending in any of the particulars before-mentioned (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at fVeJlminJlery wherein no efibin, proteftion or wager oflaw (hall be admitted, nor more than one imparlance; one moiety whereof to the King’s mod excellent majefty, his heirs and lucceflbrs, the other moiety to the informer*

4

Digitized by

Google

c86

9 Ann. c. 13.

i Ann. flat. i. c. %%,

Mayors, &c. (hall make out ale-licences duly (lamped before new recognizances be taken, on penalty of ioI i Ann. ltat. 2. c. 21.

9 Ann. c. 25, lett. 42.

Anno fexto Geoegh I. e.ii. «

mer; and the perfon recovering in fuch aftion ftufl be adloweA

his full cofts.

LVI. And whereas by an aft of. parliament made m the ninth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, for Bcerftng and regulating hackney-coaches and chairs, and for charging certain new duties on Jlampt vellom, parchment and paper; it was (inter aiia) provided, That for every piece of vellom or parchment, or Jheet or piece of paper, on which Jhoutd he engrojfed or written any licence far felling of ale or beer, or other excifeable liquors, by retaila duty of one filling Jhould be paid to her Majejly, her heirs andJucerjfbrs, during the term of thirty two years: and whereas a praftice has Attained to take the ufual recognizances from perfonsfor whom ale-licences are intended for Jelling ale and other excifeable liquors, and to take M lift of their names, and the fees for fuch licences, but to omit to make out or write the fame, to ovoid the payment of the /lamp-duties given thereon, and to omit the writing or other matters charged with ft amp -duties Jinee the making of the aft of parliament of the Jirft year cf the reign of her fold late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, Anxft for preventing frauds in her Majefty’s duties on ftampt vellom, parchment and paper; and at other times by rafures and interlineations of fuch ale-licences, policies of infurance, and feveral other matters and things chargeable with the payment of the ftamp-duSy, to make one ftamp ferve for feveral purposes: now for the prevention of the faid frauds and omiflions ana other like frauds and cwnii-fions, in relation to any of his Majefty’s duties under the management of the commiflioners for managing his Majefty*3 ftamp-duties, be it further enafted by the authority afonefaid. That all mayors, town-clerks and other perfons whom it may : concern, who fhall take any fuch recognizances, (hall be obliged to make or caufe to be made out ale-licences duly fhunped . before fuch recognizances be taken, under the penalty of ten pounds for every fuch offence; and that all pains, penalties and provifions given and laid on bv this aft, and the faid aft of the ’ firft year ot the reign of her laid late majefty Queen Anne, for ’ the puni(hment or prevention of fuch frauds and omiffions as are herein and therein mentioned and intended, relating to the duties then in being, fhall extend and be conftrued to extend to the like frauds and omiflions relating to any of Iris Majefty’s other ftamp-duties impofed or laid on at any time fince the making of the faid laft mentioned aft of the firft year qf her faid late Majefty’s reign, and to be fued for, recovered and divided hi fuch manner as is direfted by the faid laft mentioned aft.

LVII. And whereas by aJlatute made in the ninth year efihe rtfgn of her late majefty Queen Anne, for licenfing and regulating hdskney-coaches and chairs, and for charging certain new duties on ftdmpt vellom, parchment and paper, and on cards and dice, it was (inter alia) enabled. That the makers of cards and dice, during the ternt therein mentioned, Jhould once in every twenty eight days make'true entries upon oath with the commissioners of the ftamp-duties, or their officers, of all the cards and due by tnem refpeftively made; and Jhould onto iu every fix weeks dear aU the duties owing for the fame,

under

6

Digitized by

Google

287

if 19.] Anno fexto GeorgiI I. c. 2 u

nadir the penaitiet therein mentioned: and whereas the refpeft'wicatd-makers do often make up cards, the duties on which amount to fifty pounds and upwards per week, and each card-maker may make up treble that quantity, if he Jhall think ft, whereby they have an opportunity of being greatly in arrear to his Majejly, and the fend duties are thereby often in danger of being loft, in regard the fame aft bath made no provifion whatever for fecuring the faid duties, until the faid fix weeks fbaU expire, be the danger ever fo apparent: for remedy whereof, be »t ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Card-makers from and after the firft day of Augufi one thoufand feven bun- their carfs to dred and twenty every card-maker (hall be obliged, at the re-give bond in fpe&ive times of entring every parcel or quantity of playing cards a penal fum of as aforefaid, to enter into bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc- t.rcWe ^ <*“-ceflors, with fufficient furety or furetics, in a penal fum of bie the duties on fuch cards, with condition thereunder-written weeks, for the true payment of his Majefty’s duties on fuch cards within the fpace of fix weeks next after the date of every fuch bond; any thing contained in any law to the contrary thereof in any 'wife notwithftanding.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That if any Allowance for card-maker (hah, upon entry of every quantity of playing cards, promp1 Pay-pay down all the duty payable for the fame, the commiffioners raent* for the damp-duties for the time being (hall, upon payment of the faid duty, allow and pay to fuch card-maker fuch and the like allowance as is to be allowed and paid to any perfon or per- . fons for prefent payment of the ftamp-duties, by an ad of the firft year of her late Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for prew x Ann. flat. 2* venting frauds in her Majeftf s duties upon ftampt vellom, parch- c* 2l* meat and paper.

LIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. On affidavit of That in cafe the commiffioners for the time being for managing aj1y P£vate the ftamp-duties (hall be informed, or have caufe to fufped, fn^cardVor * that any perfon or perfons do make or caufe to be made any dicx, officers playing cards or dice, in any houfe or place whatfoever in Great by warrant Britain, without fending or giving notice thereof in writing to may ^rcaks the laid commiffioners at their head office, and affidavit being	ls'

made thereof by the perfon or perfons fo informing or giving notice, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county or place where fuch cards or dice (hall be making or made, declaring the grounds of his or their knowledge or fufpicion, that then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for any officer or officers employed by or adling unoer the faid commiffioners in the managementof the duties on playing cards and dice, in the day-time, and in the prefence of a conftable or other lawful officer of the peace (who is hereby required to be aiding and afiifting therein) by warrant from fuch juftice or juftices of the peace before whom fuch affidavit (hall be made, to be directed to fuch officer or officers as aforefaid (which warrant the (aid juftice or iuftices of the peace are hereby authorized and required to grant) to break open the door, or any part of fuch houfe or place where any fuch cards or dice are fo, as aforefaid,

Digitized by

by Google

and feize all the cards and dice, tools,&c.

If not replevied in five day s,forfeited, &c.

9& 10 W. 3. c.a5.

9 Ann. c. 13. rrocuring to be forged any ftamp relating to the ftamp-duties, felony.

7 & 8 W. 3. c. 1S.

2 Ann. c. 4.

7 & 8 W. 3. c. iS. fe&. 9.

Anno fextd GeorgiI L c. 214	[17*^

faid, fufpe&ed to be fo made or making; and to enter into fuch. houfe or place, and to feize all fuch cards, dice, tools or materials with which they are made or making, that (hall be then and there found, and to detain and keep the fame in fuch houfe and place as the faid commiffioners (hall direct or appoint; and in cafe the fame (hall not within five days next after fuch feizure be claimed and replevied by the true and lawful owners thereof, then the faid cards, dice, tools and other materials fhaU be ab-folutely forfeited, and (hall and may be fold by the dhre&ion of the faid commiflioners after the faid five days are expired; one moiety of the produce thereof (all neceflary charges being firft deducted out of the whole) to be paid to theufc or his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the party or parties who (hall fo difcover the fame.

LX. And for afcertaining a doubt which hath arifen, whether a perfon who caufeth or procureth a marl or Jiamp to refemble any mark or ftamp provided or ufed for the duties aforefaid, or any of them, to be counterfeited or forged, ought to be adjudged a felon by virtue of the afts of parliament relating to the faid duties, or any of theme be it declared and ena&ed by the authority aforefiud, That any perfon caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited any ftamp or mark to refemble any ftamp or mark provided, made or ufed, or to be provided, made or ufed, in purfuance of any a& or a&s of parliament relating to the faid duties, or any o£ them, or caufing or procuring any vellom, parchment, paper, cards or dice to be marked or damped with fuch counterfeit ftamp or mark, (hall and ought to be adjudged to have a&ualiy done and committed the fame himfelf, and to be a felon, and to fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy*

LXI. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the feventh year of the reign of his faid late majejly King William the Third* intituled, An adl for granting to his Majefty feveral rates or duties upon houfes, for making good the deficiencies of the clipped monies, feveral duties upon houfes were granted for the term there-in mentioned; and by an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of her faid late majefty £)ueen Anne, feveral new duties upon houfes having twenty windows, or more, were granted for the term therein mentioned; which feveral duties by fubfequent afts havchecn feve-rally continued and made perpetual, fubjeft neveribelefs to fuch redemption as in the fame afts, or fome of them, is exprejfed: and whereas by the faid afts relating to the faid duties on houfes, or fome of them, it is enafted, That at the end of every year the co&ftors for the next preceding year Jhall caufe copies to be made of the rejpec-tive affeffments given to themf and at the bottom thereof fbaft write or caufe to be written the names of two or more of tbemoft fubjlem-tial inhabitants, whom they in their judgments Jhall tbmk fit, to he appointed colieftors of thofe duties within the faid cities, boroughs* towns, divifims or places rrjpeftiveiy, for the etifuing year ; and the juflices of the peace, as commiffioners, or any two or more of them, after perufing and examining fuch affeffments, and allowing the fome* are to appoint two per fins named as afore laid to be collectors f*Mt*

year

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno ^ext0 GiORGII I. C. I.	289

yiwr tnfaing; ft is found by experience, That in fome places the collectors do name infoeuent perfom to fucceed them, who run away and leave a debt on the parifh or place, which being anfwerable for the colltfters, is often vexed with protefs, without hiving any power, as the law now Jtands, to raife the arrears fo incurred by a re-ajfejj-ment: for remedy whereof be it further enacted by the authority Juftices of aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of Auguft one thou- peace may ap-fand (even hundred and twenty, the faid juftices of the peace, P°mt who are commiflioners for the faid duties, or any three or more dudes 011° of them, (bah and may, within their refpeCHve limits, appoint houfes* tWo fuch perfons as they (hall think able and refponfible, to be collectors within the faid pariihes and places, or any of them, of the (aid duties on houfes, from time to time (whether their names be or be not prefented by the preceding collectors, as aforefaid;) and in cafe there be or (hall be any arrear of the if any arrear faid duty on houfes, by reafon of the failure of any fuch coU by reafon of lector or collectors as aforefaid, for which any panfh or place collectors fai-fhall be anfwerable, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any makers three or more juftices of the peace, being commiflioners for the re-afleflinent. faid duties on houfes, to caufe fuch arrear to be re-aflefled within the fame parifh or place refpeCtively, on all fuch houfes as are liable to payment of the faid duties on houfes ; and to caufe the fame to be raifed, and (for default of payment) to be levied by fuch ways and means as the duties on houfes are to be raifed and levied in fuch pari(hes or places refpeCtively, and to caufe the money fo raifed or levied, to be paid to the receiver general of the faid duties, or into the exchequer, for the refpeCtive ufes and purpofes whereunto fuch arrears (if they had been duly paid by the faid collectors) are appropriated and appointed by the feveral aCts of parliament in that behalf; any law or ftatute wbatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXII. And whereas divers jbips and vejfels of the burthen of fifty tons or under, laden with tobacco, brandy, fptrits and other cujtomable or prohibited goods, pretending to be bound for foreign parts, do frequently Be hovering on the coaft of Ireland, with intention to run the fame privately on Jhore, as opportunity offers, to the great diminution of his Afajeflys revenue and ruin of fair traders 5 and jbips or vef-fels of the burthen of fifty tons or under do frequently lie hovering on that coafi to take in wool, not lawfully Bcenfed to be brought to England, and other Jlaple commodities of Ireland, prohibited to be exported: for the better preventing whereof, be it declared and enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft Ships of fifty day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, where tons hovering ally (hip or veffel of the burthen of fifty tons or under, laden with cuftomable or prohibited goods, (hall be found at anchor Within two or hovering on the coaft of Ireland within two leagues of the leagues of the (here, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather (bore, officers permitting, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of his Maicfty’s cuftoms of that kingdom, to go on ac^unt of board eveiy fuch (hip or veflel, and to take an account of the the lading, lading, and to demand and take fecurity from the matter or other and takeucu-

V01., XIV,	U	pcrfQantjrofth.au-

Google

Anno fexto GeorgjI I. c. it.

t«7^

ftcrs in treble perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hio os

the eoods°on ve^ *n ***** vo?a?e> ^S Qwn b°nd	to	cntrCQ	in-

board, forpro-t0 unt0 &$ Majelty, his heirs and fucceflors, in fuch (amor reeding regu- fums of money as (hall be treble the value of fuch goods then larly on their on board, with condition that fuch ihip or veflel (as form as /°y>ai£»	and	weal^, and the (late and condition of inch, (hip or

i% the record. 9 vc^ doth permit) (hall and will proceed regularly oa inch voyage, and (hall (a) lapd fuch goods (except wool lawfully/i-cenled, as aforeiaid) in and at fome foreign pore or ports; and if fuch mafter or other perion having or taking the charge or com-

xund r

Amtndid by >2 Geo. z.

c. zz.

^gftbondfor mand of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall upon fuch demand refufc to not departing enter into fujeh. bond, or having entred into (uch bond, (hall not in 20 days, of- depart or proceed regularly on (uch voyage (as (boa as wind ^CCr*aS t^*C"	weather, and the (late and condition of fuch (hip or veflel

rosd<y gcci	Perm**)	unlefs	otherwife	MFered	to	make	a	longer	(by by

the coliedor (or other principal officer in his abfence) of luch port where fuch (hip or veflel (hall be, i>ot exceeding twenty clays, then, and in either of the faid cafes, all the goods fc> oa board (uch (hip or veflel, (hall and may, by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, by direction of the collcdor, or other principal officer, as aforefaid, be taken out of and from Inch fbip or veflel, and forthwith brought on (hore and fecund^ and in cafe the faid goods are cuftomabte, thecuftoms and other duties (hall be paid for the fame ; and as concerning wool, or any prohibited goods, or other goods liable to. forfeiture, which may be found on board fucb (hips or veflels at the time of their unlading, as aforefaid, the fame are hereby declared to he fub-je& to forfeiture, and the officers of the cuftoms (hall and may profecute the fame, as alfo the (hip or veflel, in cafe (be (hall be liable to condemnation.

LXIII. Provided always. That after fuch goods are fo taken Out of fuch (hip ov veflel, and brought on more, and (ecurcd by fuch officer or officers, fuch bonds fo to be given as aforefaid, (hall be void, and delivered up without any fee or reward for taking or delivering up the fame; and fuch bond not being otherwife difeharged, lhall, on a proper certificate returned tm-vacated ’t0 ** ^er **ie €°Wmon. foal of the chief magiftrate in any place or certifkate? places beyond the feas, or under the hands and fcal* of two known Bt ilijb or 7/ ijb merchants upon the place, that fuch goods were there landed, or upon proof by credible pofons, that f|Kbv goods were taken by enemies, or periihed in the teas,, (the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgment of the commilfioners of the euftomsin Ireland) (hall be vacated and difeharged.,

LXIV. And it is hereby enadlcd by the authority aforefaid. That the commiflioners.or fub*commiflioncrs of excift retpec-

_.........  tively,	in	their	refpeiftive	limits	and	diftridls	in	Irelani^or	the

offences relat- major part of them, are hereby authorized and required to he^tr big to wool, and determine all offences againft any ciaufe or article contained in this or any other ad of parliament now in.force in.Ireland* made for preventing the unlawful exportation of wool, w

6	fcjh.

Ovi landing the poods, bond void.

Bonds not o-therwife cTif-

Commiflion-er* of excift in Ireland to determine all

Digitized by t^ooQle

t7*9'J	ArfnofritterGiofitcit I. c. 22.	291

fells, (hortlings, mortlings, wool-flocks, worfted, bay or wool-lcn yarn, cloth, ferge, fcCrfeys, bays, fayes, frizes, druggets, cloth-ferges, fhafloons or any other drapery fluffs or Woollen inanufa<Shires, made or mixed with wool or wool-flocks, and manufactured in Ireland; which commiflioners or fub-commif-fioners fhall and may proceed in a fummary way, and give Judgment or fentence, and levy the fines, penalties and forfeitures thereupon, m foch or the like manner as they are enabled to

{iroceed, give judgment, and levy the fines, penalties and for-eitates, in cafes of excife rh Ireland, by any aft or aCts of parliament now in force ill that kingdom*

LXV. Arid be it further enaCted, That no perfon or perfons None mly fharlF be admitted to claim property in any feizure that ftiafl be claim proper-made upon any claufe of claufes in any aCl of parliament for pre- *7in. a" * tenting the unlawful exportation of wool from Ireland, till he tJuh^have Of they (hall firft have given fufficient fecurity to the faid com- riven (ecurity, miffioners or fub-commiflioners of the diftriCt where fuch feizure «c«

(hall be made to anfwer the penalties attending the forfeiture thereof, if fuch feizure (hall be adjudged to be good in law.

LXVI. And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority a-fbrefaid. That if any perfoki or perfons fhall be fued, molefted or profecuted for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this aCl, or any of tne clatifes therein contained, fuch perfon and perfons fhall and may plead the general iflue, arid give this General ifiiier a6t and the foedal matter in evidence for his, her or their defence; and if afterwards a verdiCl (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difeontinue his or their aClion, or be nonfuited, or judgment (hall be given againft him or them upon demurrer, or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have full cods to him or them awarded a-gainft fuchplairttiff of plaintiffs.

GAP. XXII.

An aft for relief of infolvent debtors, and for the more eafy difeharge of bankrupts oat of execution, after their certificates allowed. EXP.

Every fheriff, gaoler, See. fhall make a lift of all prifoners in their cuftody on «4 Jane 1719* And deliver the fame upon oath to the firft quarter-tefiums after May t, 1710. Perfons inferted in fuch lifts, who were pri-ionert on June 24,1719. and fhall continue fo to their difeharge (other than thole committed by judges warrants on an efcape) who fhall take the Oath in the aft, fhall be difeharged in the manner herein provided.

Prifoner to defiVei1 a fcHfedulc of his eftate, and the names of his debtors,

&€• Schedule to remaiirwitb the clerk of the peace, in whom the eftate Jb*11 be veiled, to be affigned to the creditors. Juftices (hall order the (beriff, &c.to difeharge fbch prifoner without other fee than as. Prifoners difeharged fhall not be imprifoned for any debt, See. contrafted before June 17*9. Notwithftandmg the difeharge of any perfon, all judgments fhall ftaxtd good againft his lands, frc. None fhall have any benefit of this oft ualefs discharged by 25 March 17x1. Not to extend to Scotland. Dif-charge hereafter appearing to be fraudulently obtained, fhall be void.

Hone to have any benefit who owes above £of. to one perfon. Any judge Of the court where judgment has been obtained againft a bankrupt, may, on bis producing a certificate of his difeharge, order any fberiif, &c. to discharge him without fee,

Ua	CAP*

Digitized by t^ooQle

*92

Anno fcato Georgn I. c. 23.	W1?*

CAP. xxiti.

An aS for the furtbet preventing	,	,

other felonies,and for the more effectual tranfportation of felons.

W

'HERE AS the laws in being have ntft yet frevedefeffnd to the fupprejjmg of' robbery, burglary, and other fekrtus* and to the tranfportation offtlons, andfont of the find laws want-iven bv°WCn ing to be amended and enfirtei: be h cnafted by the King's moft ^ Gco.i.c.u. cxcc^ent	by and with the advice and confirm of die

to any court lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prefent pariia-by whom any ment affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all the *c*onSi^onv r powers and authorities which are in and by an aft made in the ported, may fourth year of the reiirn of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An a3 be executed for the further preventing robbery, burglary, and ether felonies, and by any fubfe- for the more effectual tranfportation of felons, and unlawful exporters Suc.ntf	of wool; and for declaring the law upon fiome points relating to pirates,

fame county, givcn t0 any court before whom any felons and offenders tried &c. though at tor and convifted of any offences for which they may be Cent or another place, tranfpovted to any of his Majefty's colonics or plantations in America, (hall and may be obitrved and executed by any other fubfequent court with like authority, held for the fame county, riding, divifion or liberty, where fuch felons or offenders were or (hall be tried and convifted, notwithftanding fuch other fubfequent court (hall happen to be held at or in any other town or glace than that wherein fuch trials or conviftions were or (hall

Such court II, Provided always, and it is further enafted by the autho-may appoint rity aforefaid. That the court before whom fuch felons or of-the countv *^nders (who may, by virtue of the faid recited aft, or by this &c.tTcontraa prefent aft, be tranfported, as aforefaid) were or (hall be con* with any per- vifted, or any other court held with the like authority for the Tons for the fame county, riding, divifion, liberty or place, wherein they tranrportation wcre or fhall be fo convicted, as aforefaid, may nominate and andUmayCordcr,aPP°^nt^ they think fit, two or more juftices of the the like lecu- peace of and for the faid county, riding, divifion, liberty or rity, and caufe place, where fuch offenders were orfhall be convifted, who the felons to ^ajj power and authority to contraft with any perfon or the terfons ^perfons for the performance or the tranfportation of fiich felons contraaing s and offenders, who by order of fuch court or courts are to be The contracts fent to any of the colonies and plantations aforefaid *» and to or-der fuch and the like fufficient fecurity (as the faid recited adk court* nCX direfts to be taken by order of court) and alfo to caufe loch felons, purfoant to fuch contrafts, to be delivered by the refpeftive gaolers in whofe cuftody they are, (hall or may be, to the perfon or perfons contracting for them, or to his of their affigns p which faid contrafts and fecurity (hall, from time to time, be certified by the juftices, who (hall make and take the fame, to the next court held with the like authority for the laid county, riding, divifion, liberty or place, where fuch felons were or

(hall

Digitized by Google

L7I9-3	Anno	fe«9<J«ORGji	I;	993

hall be convifted, to be filed and kept amopgft tfoe reeowfenf fuch court.

III.	And it is further ena&fid by the authority afarefeid, Tfe# Cbargri about til charges in an4 about making the pontrafta, taking fecuri- contraa*, &c, ies, and conveying of felony, io prder to be tranfpprted, byto •*bo™ by /irtue of this pr the faid recited aft, fbajl be bom by each^h,o<bep«id »unty, riding, divifiou, liberty or place, for which »be court by the treafer-H2s held that ordered fuch felon pr felons, offender or offender* er.

o be tranfported: and their refpeftive treafitner pr treafarers hall, by oi^er of the juftices of the peace in their refpeftive ge-leral quarter-feflion*, pay all fuch charges and expenccs 19 fuch perfon or perfons as Audi be jmployed for the purpofes aforefaid,.

IV.	Abd it is further enafted by the authority afarefai<J,8ecttritSct p# rhat all fecurities fpr transportation hereafter tp be taken, purr trinfpormio* iiant to this or .the laid former aft, IhaJl be by bond in the to be in the lame pf the refpeftive clerks of the peace pf the county, riding, a”®* of*e livifion or place, as yforftaid, which faid ejerks of tfie peace,

ind their nicceflors (hall, from time to time, profecute fuchSh^lprofecnte >onds jn their owp names, to which purppfe they (hall be deentr in their own 4 and taken to be a body corporate* and be paid all fuch cofts, name* > charges and expences, as they or any of them (hall fuftain cf ixpend in any fuch Ant, as tne faid juftices of the peace (hall at heir general quajrter-feqioas of the peace djreft, for the penalty >f fuch bond, er odferwife howfoever by reafon thereof, out of he publick ftock, and by the refpeftive treasurer or treafijrers, is aforefaid; and that all monies recovered on any fuch fecurity And monies >r bond entred into, as aforefaid, (hall be to and for the ufe of recovered on he refpeftiye county* riding, diyifion and place, and be paid to bond* uch refpeftive treafurer pr treafprers, as aforefaid, to be part ^ft ofthe*

>f the publick ftopk of fwpb county, riding, divifiou, liberty or county, &c. Mace, as aforefaid,

V.	And it is further enafted by die authority aforefaid. That

he perfon or perfons fo contrafting, as afcueAud, and to whom tracing for iny fiich felons or offenders (hall be .delivered in order to be traufportstk* :ranfoorted, as aforeftid, or any perfon or perfons direftefi by ®ay j??*41* the faid juftices (impowered to contraft as aforefaid) or their fan* ** iftigns, may, in fuch manner as they fhall think fit, carry and think fit. ecure the faid felons and offenders in and through any county and counties of Great Britain whatfoeyer, toward the lea-port firom whence they are to be tranfported, as aforefaidand ^nd refeuinrf that if any perfon or perfons fhall refeue fuch felons or of- thflBt g,aii^ fenders, or any of them, he, (be and they fo refeuing, or aidr guiky of thing or aftifting fuch felons or offenders, .or any of them, in ‘“ny* making their efcape from, fuch perfon or perfons as (hall have them in their cuftody, dsaforeisud, fhall be deemed and adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuffgr death as in cafes of felony, wiroout benefit of clergy.

VI.	And whereas fopse felons ordered	f according Fe|0a» order-

to	law,	have	already, ana others may come on pore, and return ed for tranf-

Great Britain, before they have been	atUiaBy tr to America, porution, be*

or may breafgoal, or eftef>( before fuch	tranhe it further ^^M^eb^re

JJ |	enact

Digitized by

y Google

29*	Anno	fexto	Georoii	I.	c.	2	3.	£1719;

the expiration enaCted by the authority aforefiid, That if any felon or felons* fuff"1*	^avc *xcn or ** orc^re^ f°r tranfportation by this or

death!1 ** any a<^» (hall be afterwards at large within any part of this kingdom of Great Britain, without fome lawful caufe, before the expiration of the trim for which ftich felon or felons was, were, or (hall be ordered to be tranfported, all and every fuch perfon and perfons, being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall foffer death as m.cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

VII.	And to the intent that fuch conviction may be with as berried? an*1 little trouble and e^pence as poflible, be it further enaCted by what (ha’ll be a the authority aforefaid, That fuch offender or offenders may be fufl&rientgrooftried either before juftices of aflize, oyer and termirter, or gaol-tp convict delivery for the county, city or liberty, where he, fhe or they \ cm*	(haH be apprehended and taken, or before juftices of aflize,

oyer and terminer, or gaol-delivery for that county, city ot place* from whence he, (he or they were ordered to be tranfported; and that the clerk of the aflize and clerk of the peace where fuch orders of tranfportation (hall be made, and their fucceftbrs for the time being, (hall, at the requeft of the profecutor, or any other in his Majefty’s behalf, certify a tranfcnpt briefly and irt few words, containing the effect and tenot of every indictment and conviction of filch man or woman, and of the order and contract for his or her tranfportation, to the juftices of aflize* oyer and terminer, or gaol-delivery, where fuch man or woman (hall be indicted (not taking for the fame above the fum of two (hillings and fix pence) which certificate being produced in court 1	(hall be a fufficient proof that fuch perfon or perfons have be*

fore been convicted and ordered to be tranfported.

The ftreett of VIII. And whereas frequent robberies have been lately committed London,Weft- in the Jlreets of London and Weftminftei*, and other cities, towns ‘Sa?l be’deem-an* an& &°uhts have arifen whether any reward could be aRquh* ed highways *d to perfons concerned in the apprehending, prffecuting andcomn&fftf within the	fuck offenders, which may prove a difeouragement to perfons who other-

4& 5W.&M. wife may be willing to undertake the fqme: be it hereby enaCted *•	by the authority aforefaid, That fte ftreets of London and Wefl-z

minfiery and other cities, towns and places, (hall be deemed and taken to be highways to all intents and purpofes, within the intent and meaning of an aCt made in the fourth and fifth years of the reign of their late majefties King WiBafn and Quern Mary, intituled. An aft for the encouraging the apprehending ofhigb-And all cteti-waymen ; and all certificates to be hereafter figned ypon coqvjp-ficatet upon tions for robbery, (hall be figned and paid without any d$duc-convi&ion for tjon? fee or reward to be taken for the fame, excepting any fum be paief with- not excec^*ng 6VC fhiljiogs for the writing at>d drawing thereof, out fee; ex- and that as well where any offender br Qffenders pl$ad guilty* cept 5«. for os where they are conviCtea on evidence * ancf if any perfon of writing, and perfons, under the pretence of figning or procuring to be fign-wre ftMHbr^ ^ any fuch certlficate, or on account of payment of the money feit aoL allowed therein, (hall take any fee or reward tor the fame,othqr than as aforefaid, every fuch perfon or perfons offending therein^ ft all fprf^it and pay the fum of forty pounds, to be recovered by -	-	J	i$m

Digitized by LjOOQle

s 719.]	Anao	Ifexto Gteoltoii I c. $4.	^95

w*5tkm of debt, bill, plamt, fait or information, in any of hfc Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfter, where no effoin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; fuch forfeiture to be to the ufe of the perfon or pwrfons entitled to the (aid certificate, on the account of which fuch foe or reward was taken, as aforefaid.

IX.	And whereas the practice of taking money to help perfons to Profecutingto

fbeir Jlobi goods, and jharing it with the felony is Jiill continued in con vision an/ defiance of the laws, and to the encouragement of felons : be it eo- P^f00 for aCted by the authority aforefaid, That whoever (hall difeover, ward for help-apprehend and profecute to conviction of felony without 6ene- i„g to ftoln fit of clngy, any perfon or perfons for the faid offence of Uk- goods, (hall be ing money or other reward, diredtiy or indirectly, to help any entitled to 40I. perfon or perfons to their ftoln goods (fuch offender not having	c,u*

aepprehended the felon who ftole the fame, and brought him or

her to trial for the fame, and given evidence againft him or her as required by law) (hall be entitled to a reward of fortv pounds for every fach offender fo convidted, as aforefaid, and mall hav6 the like certificate, and like payments made without fee or reward, as any perfon or perfons may be entitled unto-for the apprehending, profecutiog and conyidtfog of highwaymen by any few or laws for that purpofe.

X.	And be it further declared by the authority aforefaid. That The reward of the reward of forty pounds for the apprehending and convidting 40b to be paid any perfon or perfons for burglary, ftrtll be paid without any "^put de-dedudfion, as aforefaid, for every offender who" (hall be apprtS-du 10fl* bended and convided for the faia crime.

XI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, ^£tcr junet4# That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times, frofti and i7*0. aflault-after the twenty fourth day of June in the year of our Lord One ing any per-thoufand feven hundred and twenty, wilfully and malicioufly j?11 in ^ n&ultany perfon or perfons in the publick ftreets and highways, \€“ thc;rc* 0 with an intent to tear, fpoil, cut, burn or deface, and (hajl cloaths, See. tear, fpoil, cut, burn or deface the garments or cloaths of fach (hall be guilt/ perfon or perfons, that then all and every perfon and perfons fo °f felony, and offending, being thereof lawfully coovidted, (hall be and be ad- “a^cdeforan * judged to be guilty of felony ; and every fuch felon and felons feven year?. fiiaH be fubjed, and liable to thd like pains and penalties as in

cafe of fefony; and the courts by and before whom he, (he dr they fhall be tried, (hall have full power and authority of tranf-porting fach felons for the fpace of feven years, upon the like terms and conditions as are given, direded or enadted by this or the before recited ad.

GAP. XXIV.

Aji ad for better explaining the nature of conveyances to be made to the purchase* of the forfeited eftates by the commiflioners and truftees a6t* log Id Scotland; and for preventing difficulties in determining daiitfs on the (aid eftates; and to enable the judges in Ireland to examine witness relating to claims on forfeited ettates there; and for enabling fuch corporations as fliall purchafe any of the faid eltates to grant annuities, pdt exceeding the yearly value of the (aid eftates; and for relieving the widow and daughters of the late Sir Donald Macdonald. EXP.

U 4	laden*

Digitized by LjOOQle

Annofexto Georgii I, c. 25—47.	(17	*9,

Indenture* of bargain and fale executed by the commiffioners in Scoda—A» to contain a procuratory of refignation. And when fuch eftate was hoMf— of the crown, the exchequer (hall accept of a furrender on fuch proenra-tory. And when holden of a fubjeft, he to accept in like manner. Where the forfeiting perion enjoyed fuch eftate in virtue of a perianal right* to—* .miflioners to make over the fame. Where fuch ettate was hottenef the crown, the buyer (hall hold by blanch-holding. Purcbafejr* Audi —ypgroft privileges, and may (ell, Set. as perfons having any eftate in fefrAnple, Claimants entring appeals, and alfo commiflioners, may proceed ferre-veriing, See. the decrees of the delegates, £* is competent by the km of Scotland. After 30 days (hall elaptc without petition, the delegates decrees (hall be final. Examinations of claimant* and witneflSe* in Iccb—d may be taken before the judges there ; and being tranfmitt£d to England, (hall he effeftual. Commiflioners may examine perfons ww 000. Pur-chafers may grant rent charges to the yearly value of the eftates; and bodies politick may be purcha&rt: and may raife money by calls froqi their bers Corporations granting rent charges exceeding the annual value of the eftates, to forfeit treble the fum advanced befiaes the annual value* Where any rent-charge (hall ceafe, the corporation may grant anther, fo as the whole do not exceed the annual value of the eftate. The K—k nay make the fame provifions for the widow and daughters of Sir Donald Mac-jdonald as they would have been entitled to if he had not been attainted.

C A P. XXV.

An aft for repairing the roads from Stevesidge in the county of Hertford, to Bigglefwade in the county of Bedford.

This aft is to continue for 21 years from the s^th of Jump syao. id by 1 iGeo. 2. c. 10.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft for enlarging the term granted by an aft in the fourth year of hi*

-	Majefty's reign, intituled, An aQ fir repairing the highways hading from

* 3®'	the Stones End in Kent-/beet in the farifb of St. George's Southwark in tbo

county of Surry, to the Lime-Kilns in Ea/t Greenwich near Blaek-Hoath, send to Lrwi/bam church, being the Tunbridge road hr the corny of Kesst j and for repairing and amending the highways and roads leading from Weft-mi n Her-Ferry Jn the parifh of Lambeth in the county of Surrey, t<^ Newcrofs in the parifh of Deptford in the county of Kent; and for enlarging the term granted by an aft paffed in the fourth year of bis Ms-jefty’s reign, intituled, An a<3 for amending the roads from the dp of (jt-don to the town of Eafi Grinftead in the county of Stsjfex, aud to Sutton mod Kingfon in the county of Surrey^ and for explaining and amending (he fame aft.

cap. xxvn,

An aft for making the river Darwent in the county of Derby navigable*

Undertakers ijnpowered, at their own cxpence, to make the Dayvtem navigable, from the mouth of the river to Derby. Coramiftionef'S appointed, Any nine of rhem may mediate between the undertakers and the owners and occupiers of lands, &c. And fettle what fatisfaftion every perfon (hall have for his lofs. And proportion wbat (hare flaall be paid any tenant. Perfons having notice, and not treating or agrees^ tea days, or through any difabuity, not being able, the comnuBtoneis on the oath of a jury of twelve rqen of the comity, not being burgefies of Derby, (hall §dTeU fuch damages, as they (hall think fit, tq be awarded to the owners of the lands. See. Damages happening to any owners o€ land*, or to mills, wears, Sec, by any aft of the undertakers, they (hall pay fuch fum as the commiflioners (hall judge reafonable. For which Uie party (hall have an aftion of debt, and recover cofts and damages. The undertakers may demand, not exceeding 1 s. per ton, for wares carried on the (aid river. In cafe of death or refufal to aft of any commi/fiooer, awr nine ipay appoint another refiding in Derbyfhire, and having took fft

among}

I7i<*l Anno fexto Georgii I. c. 28; 29.

^fnmm in landr, fo as there be always so cojmmiffioners at lead. On com* plaint of any damage, commifTioners (hall ilTue their warrant to the Aie-riff to return a jury, to inquire thereof, and a fiefs the damage, and the commifTioners (ball give judgment for the undertakers to pay accordingly. Boatmaftev anfwerAole for damages done by bis veffel. CommifTioners proceedings. Sic. to be entered in books, to which all perfons may have veepurfe and take copies, paying i s. for net above too words. Under-takers (hall ere& a wharf near Hohns Mills Fleam or in the Morledge, and all perfons may lade and unlade there payirtg id. per ton. AH the King's people pitying the duties (hall have free paflage on the river. Owners of lands, Sec. near the river may keep boats tar pleafure, or for conveying manure, Uc, without paying. CommifTioners mall not have power to determine any damages, other wife than by verdifl of a jury.

CAP. XXVIII.

An a# for jh*&ng th6 river Douglas alias Aflaftd navigable, From fhe • river Kibble to Wigan in the county palatine of Lancafter.

Undertakers to make the Douglas navigable at their own cods. May alter bridges or highways, pull down mills, wtfcrs, Sec. fet out towing paths. Sec. hrft giving fatisf&iowto the proprietors. CommifTioners appointed for adjufting chttenencB* between the undertakers and proprietors. Perfons interelied dSatisfied, See. Commiflioners (hall iflue warrants to the Iheriif of Lancafter to return a jury. None to att as a com mift oner, .who has siotiooL per aunum in the county. In cafe of death of any com million ers, or their rendu! to aft, the other commifliontrs to nominate others. Undertakers may demand for every ton of coal, &c. up or down the river, any tarn not exceeding is. 6d. Barge-mafters anlwerable for damages done by their veffels, &c. to wears. Sec. The Douglas between the Kibble and Miry-Lane End, not under the furveyof any coromifliorr of fewers. Owners of lands near the river map ufe pleafure boats, but not carry goods in them. The riverflptfl be efteesned naviglble from the Ribble fo Miry-Line End, and frecTfor all perfons to paf«, paying the rates. Saving all royalties of hiking > or fowling. Any] perion may carry wares ort the river, paying is. 6d.,per ton. No meeting of commifTioners to be above eight miles from the place in queftion. Undertakers not finifhing the navigation within eleven years after the end of this fefTion of parlia* ment, commifTioners may appoint others. Damages in grounds, mills. Sec. occasioned by the undertakers yaWfofrthc water too high, not keeping up the banks, Sec. Commiflioners fiiall ascertain die fame by a jury, ana give judgment for it. Undertakers cutting through, or altering hign w^yt, {hall prepare as good t and if they have dccaGon to purcftsUe laud, the price (hall be afeertained as above.

CAE. XXIX.	\	;	\

An ad for preferring and improving the navigation of the river Oufe fo the county of Huntingdon.

Henry Afhley, efq; impowered to repair and amend the paflage for boatsfl Sic. on the OUfe, to cleanTe the river at Hollowell, to repair St. Ive* Branch 3 to cut banks. Sec. The quarter- feflions for Huntingdoolhire to determine the fatistadion to he given for damages, who may fuounota witncjTes, See. Sums decreed, to be paid fo three days after notice, and on refofaf two juftices may levy by diftrefs. The toll for every chalder of coals Lynn tneafure, one penny. For every half hundred of deals, one penny. • For every load of timber, forty foot to the load, one penny. For eight packs of wool, ten tods to the pack, one penny. For every weigh of (alt, one penny. For every load of wheat, barley, rye, pcafe or beans, five quairers to the load, one penny. For every laft of oats, one penny. For every tboufand of turf, one penny. For every load of reed, (edge, bay^ or hemp, twenty hundred weight to a load, one penny. For every laff of mail one penny. For every tboufand of tiles, one penny. For every rbalde^of lime, one penny. And for every ton of other goods, one penny* ferfons obftru&ing the undertaker fo any thing authorized by this act,

CC

Digitized by



Anno fexto Gxorgii I. c. 30.

dping any damage to the ftanch or new works, he may bring hn aftkn, and mall recover treble damages and fall cofts. Or the perfon oppofmg, or doing foch damage, may be fet in the docks threehours for the firff offence, and for the fecond lent to the houfe of correftion. Bsat-rtifter to anfwer for damage done by his boat or crew. Six indices of Huntrng-donfhire and fix coramiffioners of fewers in the finis, thall be ctraimifizon-ers for government of the new works ,* five of whom may meet, and make orders, See.

CAP. XXX.

An aft for making the river Idle navigable, from Bafl>Retfqrd to the county of Nottingham, to Bawtry-Wbarf in the county of York.

The bailiffs and aldermen of Eaft-Retford, impoWered to make the 1ftp navigable from Eaft-Retford to Shire-Dike. The Bailiffs, &c. before thqr begin to . make cuts. See. to agree with the owners of the lands. Com* mufioners appointed for adjuiting all differences between the kid baiHs, ftp. and the owners of lands, &c. damnified. If any perions w&Q not agree, or through any disability cannot, the commifilonets (hall ifiue tbor wirfant to the fheriff to impanefaJury, who upon their oath, after view, ffff&afirfs damages, axuf the cotmaifiionert (hall giv« judgment accordingly. Qramif* fioners death or refufal ta aft (ball be recorded, and theother rnm—ifknrro may nominate another, having 501. per annum, or tonal. Prrfrmal cbtc, Manure to pay }d. and all other goods x t. per ton. Tkebaili£% Sec. map leflenthe duty. The mailer of every barge. Sec. ajxfwtrablefbr damage done by his barge. See. or crew. Perlons throwing roots, fipc. into the river, and thereby obffrufting the navigation, the bailiff^ See. may Horn themy and (haQ recover what removing the ohftruftion (hall cod, She* ComoufV fioners of fewers (hall have no power to do aay thing that may hinder the navigation. The Idle (hall for ever hereafter be navigable from Baft* Retford to Shire-Dikej and all peribes have free paffage thereon. Nana may cut down or damnify aay trees near the river, fo as foficsent hafcng paths be left. Perions aggrieved may appeal to juftices of ajjac, what* order (hall be final, and no appeal from their judgment.

Anno Regni GEORGII I. Regis Magrue Bri-, tann'ue, Francia & HibemitB,feftvmo+

AT the parliament begun and belden at Weftminfter, the fevtnttentb day of March, Anno Domhn on* tboufand Jeven hundred and four teen., in tbe	of	tbe

reign of our	fovereign lord GEORGE, by the Grace of

God, 0/Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, defender of tbe faith. See. And from thence continued by feveral prorogations to tbe eighth day of December tboufand jeven hundred and twenty, being the Jixtb fejjm ef fljif prefent parliament,

CAR

Digitized by LjOOQle

I7Z0.] Anno fepdmo Georoh L q. i.

m

CAP. I.

r An dft for refraining the fid-governor, deputy-governor, directors, treafurer or cajhter, deputy^ c^fhier, and accounts ant of the South-Sea company, /nww out of tbit kingdom for the {pace of one year, and until the end of the then next feffion of parliament •, and for dijcovering their eftates and effects,, and for preventing the tranfpprtr ing or alienating the fame.

WHEREAS Sir John Fellows, baronet, the prefent Cub* farther^ governor, Charles Joye, efquire, deputy-governor, and WiUftons relating to Jiam Aftell, efquire, Sir Lambert Blackwell, baronet. Sir Johq thf m^iri ** Blunt, baronet, Sir Robert Chaplain, baronet, Sir William jpeg-i Chapman, knight and baronet., Robert Chefter, efquire, Stephen i. c. aj/ Child ,cfquire, Peter IXehpon^efquire, F ranci s Ey les, efquire,Jame$

Edmonfon, efquire, Edward Gibbon, efquire, John Gort+efquire*

Sir William Hammond, knight, Francis Hawes, efquire, Richard Horfey, efquire, Richard Holditch, efquire. Sir Theodore Janf* fen, i/sr/^z and baronet, Sir Jacob Jacobfon, knight, Arthur Ingram, efquire, Sir John Lambert, baronet, S/r Harcourt Mafter, knight, William Morley, efquire, Ambrofe efquire, colonel Hugh Raymond, Samuel Read, junior, efquire, Thomas Rey-r nolds, efquire, Jacob Sawbridge, efquire, William Tillard, yz//rr, and John Tumer, efquire, directors of the corporation of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fijbsry ; and alfo Robert Knight, treafurer or cajhier, Robert Surman, deputy-cqjbitr, and John Griglby, accountant to the {aid corporation, in confederacy with the fold fub-governor, deputy*go-per nor and direCJors, under colour of an ah payed in the la/l feffion of parliament, intituled. An a# for enabling the South-Sea com- $ Gc©.i*c,4* |>any to encreafe their prefent capital ftock and fund, by redeeming fuch pubiick debts and incumbrances as are therein mentioned ; and for railing money to be applied for leflening feve-ral of the pubiick dents and incumbrances; and for calling in (the prefent exchequer-bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new bills in lieu thereof, tQ be circulated and exchanged upon demand at or near the exchequer, have conr prived and carried on many notorious, fraudulent and indireCl prac-tices, contrary to the intention of the Jaid aCt, to the great detrtr me/st qf the pubiick, in breach of their trufi, and to the mqnifqfl Wrong and opprejften of great numbers of his Majejly's fybjeCtsi now to the end that their perfons and eftates may be fecured* fo as to anfwer and be liable to juftice in parliament, be it en-y&ed, Wc. E X P«

The fob-governor, directors, Sec. of the South-Sea company (hall not go oat p£ the kingdom for one year from December 8, 1710. and till the end of fef$on of parliament. Rut (ball enter into recognizance with fore* jtiei before the barons of the exchequer not to depart, Sc. The (ub-gover-por, ScCb to be bound iq t^e penalty of 100,090!. and furcties, in *5,000!.



Digitized by

300

Anno feptimo Georgii I. c.2.	[1720.

each. Negle&ine to enter into fach recognizance before February S, vysob to be committed to the Fieet witboot bail. The fob-governor, See. departing out of the kingdom, and perfona aiding to roch departure tall be guilty of felony. The faid fob-governor, Sec. (hall before March %$9 1721. deliver upon oath to one of the barons of the exchequer, two inventories of all their real and peribnal eftate, of which they, were po6c£> ed on Tune i, 1720. and alfo of fuch eftate as they have aliened or dtfpoT-ed of unce that day. Barons of the exchequer to deliver a dupficate of foch inventories to either boufe of parliament. If fuch inventor** appear evafive, or upon (igniftcation from either houfe of parHament for a farther examination to be had thereupon or on information of any concealment, See. the barons may examine perfons on oath, and funsmon the fob-governor, See. to appear; apd in default blue their warrants to bring them before them. Refuting to be examined, (hall be committed to the Fleer without bail. Not delivering inventories, or not fubmitting to be examined in eight days after commitment, or being guilty of any concealiqeat, Bec* dsafl iutter death. The barons may iiTue warrants to apprehend perfons rtfafmg to appear upon fummons 5 and may commit to the Fleet fitch as ttfofo to be (worn, and anl'wer to interrogatories, till they fubmit to be examined* The fob-governor, Scc. difobled for one year after January 5, 17x0. to a-lien, &c. any lands, See. But they may difoofe of their eftates by tbev hft hr ill. The fob-governor. See. (hall not for one year after January 5, 1720. convey any of their goods, See. out of the realm, except (hares of (hips, See. Offending (hall be guilty of felony. Perfons having accepted of any truft, or concealing any eftate. Scc. to forfeit treble the value, add be iniprifoned for one year without bail. Difcoverers of any concealed eftate, before September 29, inti (hall be allowed eol. per centum for rffc&s beyond the Teas, ana 101. for dfolts in this kingdom- Tbo forfeited eftates to be paid into the exchequer (or the ufe of the South-Sea company.

C A P. II.

An aB	to difable the	prefent fu, deputy-governor,

and	direBors of the South-Sea	, at. from	and

after the refpeBive times for	a	fab-governor,	de-

puty-governor and new direBors .of the faid company, to take,bold or enjoy any office, place or employment in the faid company, or in the Eaft-India company, or bank of England, and from voting upon eleBions in	com-

pany.

WHEREAS Sir John Fellows,

Charles Joye, efquire, deputy-governor, ijuT William Aftell, efquire. Sir Lambert Blackwell, baronet,.Sir John Blunt, baronet. Sir Robert Chaplain, baronet. Sir William Chapman, knight and baronet, Robert Cheiler, Stephen Child, PeterDela-port, Francis Eyles, James Edmondfon, Edward Gibbon. John Gore, efquires; Sir William Hammond,	, FrancisHawes,

Richard Horfey, Richard Houlditch, efquires; Sjr'T*bepdQre Janflen, knight and baronet. Sir Jacob Jacobfon, knight, Arthur Ingram, efquire. Sir John Lambert, baronet. Sir Hareourt Matter, knight, William Morley, Ambrofe Page, colonel Hugh Raymond, Samuel Read junior, Thomas Reynolds, Jacob Ssw^ bridge, William Tillard, and John Turner, efquires, Sirc&qrt of the corporation eretfed by the name of	famjam

of	Merchants tjGreat Britain trading to the South-Seas and other

fartt

Digitized by LiOOQle

1720.] Anno feprimo Georgii L c. 3.	301

parts of America, and for encouraging the fijbery, have been guilty ef a notorious breach of truft in the execution of their faid offices, to the great detriment of the Jaid company, and of publick credit: be It therefore enacted, isc. EXP.

Thefub-governor* Sec. of the South-Sea company difabled from holding any office in that or the Eatt-India company, or in the bank of England.

Diiahled alfo from voting in elections of fob-governor, Sec. of the laid companies.

CAP. III.

An aft for repealing an all made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft to oblige (hips coming from places infefted more ef-feftually to perform their quarentine ; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts in-to Great Britain or Ireland, or the ijles of Guernfey,

Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Man and to binder the spreading of infellion.

WHEREAS in the parliament begun and holdenat Weft-minfter in the ninth year of the reign of her bte majefty Queen Anne an all faffed, intituled, An aft to oblige (hips com- 9 Ann. c. •* log from places infefted more effeftually to perform their quarentine : and whereas Marfeilles, and other places in the fouthem parts ofY ranee, have for fome time paft been viftted with the plague, which occajjcned juft apprehenfions left the infeltion might be brought into this kingdom from the places fo infelled, or other places trading or correjponding therewith, unlefs timely care were taken to prevent the fatne: and whereas it bath been found by experience, That the find aH is defeltive and infufficient for the purpofes intended^ andc. 8. Sc 10. Se the penalties infilled by the fame not adequate to the offences there- c. 18. feft. 14. by prohibited; and fome further provifions are necejjary to be madey *6Geo.s.c 6. in cafe it Jbould pleafe Almighty God to permit thefe kingdoms to beaf-filled with the plague: for remedy thereof, be it enafted, fcfr.

E X P. See 26 Geo. 2. c. 6.

During the times of infeftion all veflels, perfons, goods, See. coming into Great Britain* Scc. from places infefted, See. ihall perform quarentine as his MVjefty (hall direft by proclamation. Mafter, See. of any veflel coming from infefted places, or having on board perfons vifited with the plague, and not difeovering the fame, guilty of felony. Mafter, &c. not making a true difcovery of the particulars, to forfeit aoo 1. If the mailer*

See. of arty veflel liable to quarentine (hall quit fuch veflel, or permit any feaman. See. fo to do, or on notice not conveying fuch veflel to the place appointed for quarentine, fuch (hips, Sec. (hall be forfeited, and the mafter,

$c. (hall forfeit aool. Perfons quitting fuch (hip may be compelled to return on board; and (hall be imprifoned fix months, and forfeit aoo 1.

In-cafe of infeftion his Majefty in council may make orders concerning quarenthie. See. In times of infeftion the King may caufe (hips and la* zarets to be provided for the performance of quarentine, and entertainment of perions infefted ; likewiie proper places for airing of goods', Sec.

To he approved by two iuftices; either in wattes, or in the grounds of any perfon, not being a houfe, park, Scc. paying for the fame. Kates to be aibfled by quarter- feflions. The proper officers may compel perfons

infefted,.

Digitized by

Anflo fcptimo GeoKGII 1.0,4.	[ijrtis

hi ft€M, or obliged to qoaremkie, to repair to the placet provided. Felons retiring to repair, &c. or endeavouring to eicape, may be competed by any kind of violence. Perfons a&ually refuting to repair, &c. or e^ leaping, (hall fuffer death at felons. Perfons not mfefted, enuring any fhip, See. (hall continue and perform quarentine: and (kch perfons ally efcaping, (hall fuffer death. The King may caufe lines to be caft up dboqt places infe&ed * and prohibit perfons, goods. See. to pads feck lines. 4. t G Perfons offering to paft without licence, may be compelled back, and ac-e/10. VyC°* * tuatty patting, fhall Hitter death. Two jnftices may order inhabitants of neighbouring parifhes, See. to keep watches night and day on pfaefi in- • fetted, and upon fuch lines. See. with fucb numbers of men at tboy&aH think fit. Inhabitants refuting to watch, (hall forfeit not exceeding tool. hot left than to 1. and fhall be hnprifoned two months without bat,-, and. till payment. Watchmen neglecting their duty, Sable to like pemiflngeet. Officer neglefting to execute any orders concerning quarantines (Ztarff'forfeit hkf office, and 100 L Goods, fee. fpecifted in orders concerting qba-rentine, being imported, (hall be liable to fuch orders. The King in council may order (bios coming from infe&edplaces, or laden withjgoods from fuch Places, or having on board any in reded perfon, to be mmt. On proof made on oath ot the matter, fee. that any (hip has perforated quarantine, and certificate thereof, fiich (hip (hall not be liable to any further reftraint on the feme acootmt. 1 s. each for fuch oath hod certificate. After quarentine, goods, fee. (hall be opened and aired as his Majefty feail direft; and on proof thereof fuch goods, fee. (hall be difc&aiged. In rimes of infe&ibu the Ring may by proclamation prohibit veffels under rife burthen of so Ions from (ailing out of any port in Great Britain, feat, riff the matter has given 5001. feourity, that fuch veflel fhall not go to any country, fee. mentioned in fuch proclamation, fee. Feribus buying goods clanJeitinely imported to forfeit 101. Proclamations concerning quarantine,. fee. to be read in churches.

This a£ to XXII. And it te hereby ena&ed, That this ad, and Ac Recommence veral olaufe&and provifions therein contained, fhall cooamencer from 10 Feb. and take effeS froov and after the tenth day of February in the 17*0, and con- y^,, Qf our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty and yous, fee.	1W1 continue in force for the fpace of threescore, and from

% Geo. s. c. s. thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliment; and After the feid from and after the faid tenth day of February one than&nd feven th Fc» 1 a0, hundred and twenty the aforefaid a<ft made in the ninth year of c. a* repealed! the reign of her late majefty Queen Anney intituled. An *8 to ' oblige Jhips coming from places infefted more tffeRuaUy to perform quarentine, (as to all matters and things to arife or be done m>m and after thefaid tenth day of dred and twenty) (hall be and ftand abfolutely repealed.

The watches to be kept at the charge of the county, ahd quarferdeffions to raife the monies as for county gaols, fee. To be paid to the chief ooa-ftable of the divifiort, and to be diftributed by Him. Officer, fee. peF-ihitting.aiw perfon, goods, fee. to depart or be conveyed out offchjr place ihfe&ed, fee. fhall timer death. Perfons aggrieved by the >%lneqta£ any \julhct, may appeal to quarter-feffions, who (hall finally determine 3 and it they give judgment againft the appellant, may order him to pay Colts. No attainder by this a& fhall work any corruption dfhfood, See.

CAP. IV.

An *& for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land-tax to beraifed » Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand fovea hundred twenty one. j/i in tlx pound* EXP. See cap* %q> J<rd. $9.

CAP.

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anrio fcptano G£o*gii I. C.$* •

m

CAR V.

An aft to enable the South-Sea company to ingraft part of tbebr capital ftock and fund into the flock and fund of the bank of England, and amber part thereof into the ftock and fund of the Eaft-India company; and for givingfur -tier time far payments to be made by the feud South-Sea company to the ufe of the publish.

MAY it pkafi your ntoft excellent Male fly y Whereas the capital or joint ftock of the corporation, called by the name of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America^ and for encouraging the fifh-ery, did, at the time of making the aft of parliament oftbefixth year of 6	1# c#	.

your Aiajejtfs reign, intituled, An aft for enabling the South-Sea	*	#*

company to increase their prefeat capital ftock and fund by redeeming fuch publick defers and incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for railing money to be applied for leftening feveral of the publick debts and incumbrances; and for calling in tbc prefent exchequer-bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new bills in lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged upon demand at or near the exchequer, by computation Farther provi-amount in the whole to eleven millions ftven hundred forty fix thou- fans concerning fated eight hundred forty four pounds eight Jhillings and ten pencey or the matters in theroahouts. And whereas it hath been reprefented unto us, your	„

Majcfty'smoft dutiful and loyal fubjofts the commons of Great Britain \ QC0^t Qt‘*9\ m parliament affmbled, That by virtue and in pursuance of the faid aft fevered annuities, debts and btcumbrances have been fub/cribed and • redeemed, or taken m, which (being computed at the rejpeftive values in and by the find aft preferibed) will make in the whole twenty fix millions fifty five thoufimd /even hundred and feventy four pounds fate Jhiuings and two pence, or thereabouts, to be added to the faid capital or joint ftock\ and that both the faid fums will make the increafed capital or joint ftock of the faid corporation (which is commonly called the South-Sea companyJ to amount in the whole to thirty fevers millions eight; hundred and two tboufand fix hundred and eighteen pounds fourteen Jhillings, or thereabouts: and that in re-fpeft of feveral of the find fums comprehended in the faid increafed capital or jmntftock, the faid corporation is and will be entitled to feveral annuities or yearly fundsy after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be paid and payable at the receipt of your Ma-jeftfs exchequer by weekly or other payments, out of feveral dutiesr revenues and: other prtnnftons fittled by the faid aft for that purpofe, until and for the feoff of the nativity of Saint John Baptift which Jba/lbein the year of our Lord one thoujand feven hundred and twenty fevenyand afterwards at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, urOsltho redemption thereof according to the faid aft: and that InttfpeSfof feveral other of the faid fums comprehended in the faid increafed capttalor joint ftock, the faid corporation is and will be entitled

Digitized by L^ooQle

30*

Anno feptirrfo Georoii I. 0.5.	[172c#.

titled to fevngl annuities or yearly funis, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to be paid and payable at the feud receipt by weekly or other payments, out of fevered’ duties, revenues and other provifiions fettled by the /aid all for payment thereof \ umtif and for the faii feafi of the nativity of Saint John Baptift am thoufandfeven hundred and twenty feven, and afterwards at the fame rate, until the redemption thereof bj parliament according to the /aid aft-, which faid annuities of yearly fiends fo payable at the Ua receipt of exchequer are nevertheltfs liable to fucb charges and incumbrances 9 as in and by the faid aft are expreffed or mentioned concerning the fame. And whereas in and by the faid aft provifion was made3 That nine thoufand three hundred ninety feven poundi nine JbHBngs and fix pence per annum, therein mentioned, and feveral other firms which were thereby direfted to be computed and added thereunto, for charges of management, Jbould from time to time be paid and payable to the faid company in the manner thereby preferibed-, as in and by the faid aft (relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear. And whereas the faid South-Sea company, in and by a proportion agreed to in a general court of the fame holden on or about the fecund day of January one thoufand jeven hundred and twenty, and fence prefented to us your Majefifs faid dutiful and loyal fubjefts, have humbly of-t fet ed, that a Jum not exceeding nine milhons of the capital flock of the faid South-Sea company, together with an annuity of five pounds per centum per annum ijfuing from the exchequer, and payable weekly, be ingrafted into the capital flock of the governor and company of the bank of England, and be added to their prefimt capital flock of Jive millions five hundred fifty nine thoufand rune hundred ninety five pounds'four teen Jhillings and eight pence-, and that every. proprietor of tpe faid fum fo to be ingrafted be entitled to a Jhare in the capital of the fend governor and company of the bank of Eng-land, at the rate of one hundred and twenty pounds per centum, that is to fay, for every one hundred and twenty pounds in the faid fum hot exceeding nine millions to be ingrafted, each proprietor to have one hundred pounds flock in the bank-, tlxtt the remaining twenty pounds per centum, part of the faid fum not exceeding nine midcons,

Iwhich, if the whole be ingrafted, would make one million and an half) be rejerved for the common benefit and advantage of the proprietors of the whole capital fo increafed -, and that a certain fum be annually allowed to the governor ana company of the bank of England towards their charges of management: ana the faii South-Sea company in the faid propofition have alfo humbly offered,, that a finer not exceeding nine millions of the capital flock of tt>e fend South-Sea company, together with an annuity of five pounds per centum per annum ijfuing from the exchequer, and payable weekly, be ingrafted into the flock of the united company of merchants ^ England trading to the Eaft Indies, and added to their prtfent capital fhei of three millions two hundred thoufand pounds -, and that every proprietor of the faid fums fo to be ingrafted into the capital of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies be entitled to a pare in the capita1 flock of the fame company, at tberate of one hundred and twenty pounds per centum, that is to fieyx for every m

bmeti

Digitized by v^ooQie

1720.] Anno feptimo Gi^eqii L ftati. c45.

hundred and twenty pounds in the left mentioned fum not exceeding nine millions fb to be ingrafted, each proprietor to have one hundred pounds ftock in the fend Eaft India company; and that the remaining twenty pounds per centum, part of the laft mentioned fum not exceeding nine millions (which, if the whole.be ingrafted* will make one million and an half) be difpofed and diftributed in the manner therein mentioned; and that a certain fum be annually allowed to the faid .Eaft India company towards their charges of management. And whereas the faid governor and company of the bank of England, in and by a proportion agreed to in a general court of that corporation Bolden on or about the twenty ninth day of December one thoufani feven hundred and twenty, and fence presented to us your Majejlfs faid dutiful and loyal fubje&s, have declared their wiUingnefs to ad-mit* that nine millions of the capital of the South Sea company, together with an annuity of five pounds per cerium per annum ijfu-ing from the exchequer* payable weekly, and free from all incumbrances* be ingrafted into the capital (lock of the bank of England, and be added into their prefent capital flock offive millions five hundred fifty nine thoufand ninety five pounds fourteen Jbillings and eight pence; and that every proprietor of the fame fums Jo to be ingrafted be entitled to a Jhare in the capital of the bank of England, at the rate of one hundred and twenty pounds per centum, that is to fay* for every one hundred and twenty pounds in the fame Jum fo to be ingrafted, each proprietor to have one hundred pounds Jack in the bank $ the remaining twenty pounds per centum, part of the fame fum not exceeding nine millions (which, if the whole be ingrafted, would make one million and an half) to he referved for the common benefit and advant-age of the proprietors of the whole capital fo increafed > and that a certain fum be annually allowed to the faid governor and company of the bank of England towards their charges of management. And whereas the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, in and by a prepofition agreed to in a general court of that corporation holden on or about the third day of January one thoufand feven hundred and twenty* and fence prefent ed to us your Majefiys faid dutiful and loyal fubjefts* have declared their willing-nefs to admits that a fum not exceeding nine millions of the capital of the faid South Sea company, together with an annuity of five pounds per centum per annum ijfuing from the exchequer, payable weekly* and free from all incumbrances, be ingrafted into the flock of the faid Eaft India company* and added to their prefent capital fleck of three millions two hundred thoufand pounds \ ana that every proprietor of the fame fum fo to be ingrafted be entitled to a /bare in the capital flock of the faid Eaft India company, at the rate of one hundred and twenty pounds per centum, that is to fay> for every one hundred and twenty pounds in the fame fums fo to be ingrafted, each proprietor to have one hundred pounds flock in the Eaft India * company-* the remaining twenty pounds per centum, part of the fame fum not exceeding nine millions (which, if the whole be ingrafted* would male one million and /in half) to be difpofed and diflributed in manner following* that is to fay, fix hundred and forty thoufani pounds thereof* being after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, Vql. XIVf	X	n(on

3©$	Aano	ftpdmoOtoltGilI. e. g* [171^/

Upon the faid fum of three millions two hundred thoufand poicnds* t* the then proprietors of the fame capital of thru millions two hundred tboufand pounds: and the remainder of the faid twenty pounds per centum to and for tbecormtton benefit and advantage of all the proprietors of the whole capital of the faid Eaft India company fa in-creafed, which remainder (if the whole nine millions be ingrafted) will amount to eight hundred and fixty thoufand founds and that a certain fum be annually allowed to the faid Eaft lndin.caapa*y towards their charges of management* And whereas it is judged* that an ingrafbnent of part of the capital of the South Sea company into the capitals of the bank of England and the Eaft India company* purfuant to the faid feveral propofols of the find refpeftive companies, will contribute very much to the refioring and efiabbjbmg pmkbdt credit: me your Majefty’s faid dutiful and loyal fdbje&s* the commons of Great Britain in parliament afiembled, do mod humbly befeech your Majefty, That it may enaded, JflTr. £XPm

Between 14 June and *y Dec. 1711, South Sea company may, under their common (cal, and at their own charges, transfer to the bank fuch (hare of their capital dock at 5b per cent, as (haH be agreed 00 between them, together with fo much of their annuities* as (hall bear proportion to the flock transferred, not exceeding 9,000,000!. The fhares fo transferred (ball be added to the capital dock of the bank. South Sea. company may, between the fame times, alfo transfer to the Eaft India company fuco (hare of theif* capital dock at 5I. per cent, as (hall be agreed upon between them, together with fo much of their annuities, as (halt bear proportion to the dock transferred, not exceeding 9,000,000!. The (hares 10 transferred fhali be added 4to the .capital dock of the Ead India company.^ After fitch transfers, the two companies (hall lawfully enjoy their re(pectiee fhares in Hock. South Sea company may enjoy their whole capital dock; Ac; tail the transfers be made, and afterwards may hold all their unaffigaed ftbcfcr See. till redemption by parliament. South Sea company may bold 9397U 9s. 6d. per annum for charge of management, till a transfer of part of their capital dock, and afterwards the two companies (hall receive a proportional part thereof for charges of management. Annuities piyafafe quarterly at 5I. per cent, till the twenty fourth of Juno 17*7, and afterward* at 4!. per cent. All perfons entitled to any (hares in the South Sea company at the time of transferring, (hall have a proportional (hare in tfce dock transferred to the bank, &c. The fame for fhares transferred to the Ball India company, &c. Un(igned (hares in the South Sea company may be tfansfcrred in the books of the company, or devifed by will* as formerly. Members of the bank may transfer or devife their incrcafed. dock, a* formerly. And alfo the members of the Ead India company. All privilege*, *fcc. founded upon former ads or charters, continued, Arc.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed by the au-After 44 June tliority aforefaid, That at any time after the feaft of the nativity payment to Saint John Bapiift which fliall be in the ypar pf our Lord the South-Sea ohe thoufand ftven hundred and twenty feven, uponrewyment company of bv parliament to the faid corporation, commonly called the ahe£ * South-Sea company, of the fum of the capital ftock, or of that annuities to^ P33^ of the capital ftock which (hall then belong to that corpo-ceafe.	ration	according	to	this	a<ft,	without	any	dedfcftton, ttefatefttkxi

or abatement whatsoever to be made out of th* fame fudn or any part thereof; and upon payment of all arrears which watt be then due at the refpfe&ive rates afbrefeid, or either of Bitty for pr upon their theh annuities or yearly funds payaMrAr**-

Digitized by t^ooQie

*72o.] Anno fcptkno Gioftoii I. ftat.i* e. 5.	30^

fpe<ft thereof; and upon payment of all arrears of the faid yearly fums, or of Aich proportions thereof as (hall be payable to them for charges of management; ail which arrears (if any foch be) (hall be computed and paid to the quarterly feaft day then next preceding, and from thence Stall be computed and paid by the day, till the time of fetch full payment of their capital fum $ then the fame annuities or yearly funds, and the yearly fums to be allowed to them for charges of management as aforefaid, and every of them, (hall from thenceforth ceafe and determine; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwhhftanding.

After h June 17*7, on repayment to the bank of the whole fum transfer*

i*cd from thd South Sea company. See. the yearly funds, See. to ceafe*	%

The fame daufe for the Eaft India company*

XXVI. And in regard it is intended. That at any time er times Aftcr ■ *une qfter the faid feaji of the nativity of Saint John Baptift one thou- 1727f 0n re-Jand feven hundred and twenty feven the principal or fum total of payment to the capital fleck, or fo much thereof at Jball then belong to the faidthc South-Sea U fatiifitd t'jhmbyan, being lefs than five mtndred thoufand pounds rf lawful money of Great iefc than Britain at a time) and that as the fame principal monies Jball be paid 500,0001. at a off, the annuities or yearly funds of the faid South-Sea company time,a propor-payable in refpeft thereof, Jball from time to time proportionably fink annuities' and be abated: be it therefore further provided and ena&ed by the (hall ceafe. authority aforefaid. That at anytime or times after the laid feaft of the nativity pf Saint John Baptifl one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, upon repayment by parliament to the faid Smb-Sea company of any fum or fums of money (not being lefs than five hundred thoufand pounds at a time) in part of the principal monies of the faid capital flock which (hall then belong to the (aid South-Sea company; and upon payment of all arrears then due to them at the refpe&ive rates aforefaid, for or upon their faid annuities or yearly funds, or fo much of thofe arrears as fhail bear a proportion to their principal fums, from time to time, remaining unfatisfied, being computed by the day, until the time of every fuch payment of part of the principal refpe&ively; and upon payment of all arrears then due for or upon the (aid yearly fums, or their part of the faid yearly fums for charges or management; then from and after every fuch payment fo made to the faid South-Sea company, fo much of their feid annuities or yearly funds, as (hall bear proportion to the monies fo paid m part of the faid principal, (hall ceafe, determine, and be abated; any thing in this or any former a£t or atfis df parliament contained, or other matter or thing whatfo-erer to the contrary notwhhftanding.

And on repayment to the bank of any fum not lefs than 150,000!. at a sime, 41 proportioned part of their annuities to ceafe. The like daufe for the Eait-India company. After fuch redemption the duties applicable thereto (halt be underftood to be redeemed by parliament. Bank to continue a corporation till all the (hares transferred to them by the Soutb-Sea company be redeemed. After the ingraft jnents, (hares not exceeding 100U i	X %	in

Digitized by v^ooQle

got

Anno feptimo Georgii I.	c.5.	(1710.

in the whole, may be transferred without Damp or otbcrehsrges for fcach

transfers.

XXXIL And it is hereby ena&ed by the authority afordaid* Eaft India That it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the (aid united corn-company may pany of merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies, and take up monies their fuccefibrs, and they are hereby enabled from time to rime, °n	^ at my time ** t^mes 10 t^r own good-liking, to borrow or

no^exceeding UP money uP°n any contra&s, bonds, bills or obligations the fum due 6 under their common feal for carrying on their trade, or for knd-from the pub- ing or advancing money by way of bottomry, as is herein after lick to them, prefcribed, fo as by the monies already borrowed by them, and by the monies which they (hall hereafter borrow purfuant to this ad, the whole fum which they (hall owe at any one time do not exceed the fum due at that time from the publick to the (aid company, or the fum of five millions of pounds fterling in the whole.

Eaft-India XXXIII. And it is hereby provided and enaded by the au~ company may thority aforefaid. That it (hall not be lawful to or for the fame * not boi row united company, or their fuccefibrs, to borrow, owe or give fe*-dit ofthcir*^ cur,ty ^or anY *um or fams of money, on credit of their capital capital flock, flock or yearly fund, or upon any increafe thereof to be made in nor fora	purfuance of this ad, or any part thereof; and that it (haH not

greater fum	be lawful to or for the fame united company, or their fucceflbrs,

than (hall be t0 borrow, owe or give fecurity for any other or greater fum or theu-tnuleAc. ^ums °f money, than fuch as (hall be really and bona fide ex-* * pended and laid out in and for the buying of goods, bullion or commodities to be exported for the proper account of the fame company, or (hall be otherwife employed in their trade, or (hall be really and bona fide advanced or lent on the bottom of any (hip or veflel, (hips or veflels, or on goods or merchandizes on board any (hip or veflel, (hips or veflels, of the fame united company, or that is, are or (hall be employed in the fervice of the fame united company, to any captains or commanders, agent, failors, fervants or other perfon or perfons, which fhall at any time or times be employed in the fervice of the fame united company; all which fum or fums of money fo to be borrowed for the purpofes aforefeid, or any of them, (hall be borrowed only on their common feal, and (hall not be made payable or be bona fide agreed to be paid on demand, or at any time lefs than fix months from the time of borrowing thereof; and that it dilcount biUs, not bc	f°r the faid united company of merchants of

or keep cafli * England trading to the Eaft-lndies, or their fuccefibrs, todifeount for others. any bills of exchange, or other bills or notes whatsoever, or to keep any books or ca(h of or for any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, other than only the proper monies and ca(h of the fame united company; any thing in tbiy adl contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	And whereat in and by the faid aft of the fixth year I Geo. 1. c. 4. of his Majefifs reign it way enatted> That the faid corporation of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, commonly called the S outh-Sca company ^ Jbouldpay into the receipt of kisMytfi/s

txeke

Digitized by

Google

1720.] Aano feptimo Georgii I. ftat.i. c.5.

exchequer the fum of four millions one hundred fifty fix thoufand three hundred and fix pounds four Jbillings and eleven pence, by filch proportions and at fuch timey as are thereby appointed for the payment thereof and fuch further fums to be computed after the rate of four years and an half.s purchafe, and fuch further fums to be computed after the rate of one year'spurchafe, as ore therein mentioned, by quarterly payments at fuch feafl-days as were thereby limited for the payment thereof; and in cafe any failure in payment Jhould be made of the faid fum of four millions one hundred fifty fix thoufand three hundred and fix pounds four jhillings and eleven pence, or of the faid fums to be paid after the rate of four years and an halfs purchafe, or after the rate of one year’s pur chafe, or any of them, or any part thereof a remedy is by the faid aft provided for recovery of the money, whereof fuch failure in payment Jhould be made, with damages after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and the fame corporation, and their flock and fund, were thereby made fubjeft and liable thereunto: and it was thereby provided, ehafted and declared, That the faid fum offour millions one hundred fifty fix thoufand three hundred and fix pounds four fillings and eleven pence, and the faid feveral films to be paid after the faid rates of four years and an halfs purchafe, and one year’s pur chafe, and every of them, and every part thereof, as fafi as the fame Jhould be paid into the fame receipt, Jhould be applied in manner following-, (that is to fay) That out of the firll monies arifing of or for the faid feveral fums fo to be paid into the faid receipt, every or any of them, fuch publick debts and incumbrances, carrying inter eft or annuities after the rate offive pounds per centum per annum, or more, incurred before the twenty fifth of December one thoufand feven hundred and Jixteen, founded upon any former aft or afts of parliament in that behalf (not being part if the capital flock or fund of the faid South-Sea company) as were then redeemable, or might be redeemed at any time or times on or before the twenty fifth of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, Jhould be redeemed and paid off in the firft place; and that after the fame Jhould be redeemed and paid off, or money fufficitnt jhould be referved in the exchequer for redeeming and pay-ing off the fame, according to the true meaning of that aft, then all the reftt refidue and remainder of the faid fum of four millions one hundred fifty fix thoufand three hundred and fix pounds four Jhil-lings ana eleven pence, and of the faid fums to be computed after the faid feveral rates offour years and an halfs purchafe, and one year's purchafe, and of every of them, and of every part thereof, and as the fame refidues and remainders, from time to time, Jhould grow due from tot faid South-Sea company, and as the fame Jhould or ought to be paid into the faid receipt of exchequer, Jhould be applied for or towards paying off fo much of the capital flock and increafed' capital flock of the fame South-Sea company, as Jhould then carry annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum; and that upon every fuch payment or referving money as afore faid, to make fuch payment to the faid South-Sea company, a proportional part of their annuities or yearly fund, or of their annuities or yearly fund t$ be increafed by that aft, for which that rate is or Jhould be payable,

3°9

*3

Jhould

Digitized by

310	Anno fcpdmo'GEOEGii I. Ctat.i. c> 5.	[1710,

Jhould ceafe and determine as by the fame a& (relation bring thrre-South-Sca unto had) may more fully appear: now it is by this prelent a£t C^Stothe Prov^c^> declared and enacted by the authority aforefeid, That exchequer *be ^a,d corporation of the South-Sea company (hall pay, an4 4,156^061,43. be obliged, by force and virtue of this ad (as well before as af-ud. and fur- ter the making any aflignment or aflignments, in purfuance of ther fums to this ad, to the faid governor and company of the bank of Egg-at 4years and	anc*	Eajl-lndia	company,	or either of them) to pay

an hafs pur- into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer the faid fum of four chafe, and 1 millions one hundred fifty fix thoufand three hundred and fix chafe! PUr~ Pourids four Shillings and eleven pence, and the (aid films after ij/cbarted by rates ^onr years a°d m half's purchale, and one year’s 7©ea7.ftat*. purchafe; and that the fame (hall be payable by iuch propor*

9 Geo. 1. c. 6. tions, and at or by fuch refpedive days or times of payment, as in and by this prefent ad are limited and appointed for the pay* Times of pay. ment thereof, and not otherwise; that is to (ay. one full and fqcnt,	equal fourth part of the refpedive fums fo payable (hall be paid

on or before the feaft of the annunciation of the BJefibd Virgin Mary which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fovea hundred and twenty two; one other full and equal fourth part thereof on or before the feaft of the nativity of Saint John Bap-tifi which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fovea hundred and twenty two; one other full and equal fourth part thereof on or before the feaft of Saint Michael the Archangel yvhicb (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fovea hundred and twenty two; and the remaining full and equal fourth part of the laid refpejdive fums fo payable on or before the fcafi of the birth of our Lord Chrift which fhall be in the (aid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two; in full payment and fatisfa&ipn as well of the (aid fum of four million* one hundred fifty fix thoufand three hundred and fix pounds four (hillings and eleven pence, 4s of the (aid (even) aims to be paid after the faid rates of four years and an half s purchafe, Andthcirftock and one year’s punchafe refpe&ivcly; and that the (aid South-Sea and funds are compapy^and their flock and funds (except fuch part thereof as made liable to (hall be afligned to the faid governor and company of the bank pie payment. Qf	an(j	Eajl-lndia	company,	or either of them, purftiant

to this a<ft) are and (hall be fubje& and liable to the payment of the (aid feveral fums at or before the faid refpedHve days and times by this atft appointed for the payment thereof, without any deduction, defalcation or abatement whatfoever; anything in the faid former aeft contained to thp contrary notwithftanding,

XXXV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, payment tthe That	c^e default (hall be made by the faid South-Sea com*

exchequer	pany in the payment of all or any part or parcel, parts or par*

may flop their cels of the faid feveral fums of four millions one hundred fifty weekly pay- {jX thoufand three hundred and fix pounds four (hillings and elements, &c. ven	and	0f the fad fums to be paid afar ^ rate of four

years and an half s purchafe and one year’s purchafe, or any of fhem, at the refpc&ive days or times by this a<ft limited for tbp payment thereof; then the commiflioners of the treafury, or any

thr cq

Digitized by v^ooQie

*7M.] Anno fep&no Geonan I. c. g*	$11

afirec or-met* of than, or the bjgh treaforer for the time being, or the officers of the exchequer for the time being, (hall, and they refpe&iyely are hereby authorized, enjoined arid required to cairie the money whereof fuch default in payment (hall be made, with intereft for the fame, after the rate of five pound* per centum per annum (fuch intereft to he computed upon the monies whereof fuch failure in payment (hall be made, from the refoe&ive days and times on which the fame ought to have been to paid, until fetisfaAion of the principal) to be ftopt out of the monies which, weekly or otherwife, (hall be payable to the faid corporation of the South-Sea company at the exchequer for or upon their annuities or yearly funds (except fuch parts thereof as (hall be affigpedor transferred to the faid other corporations,

W cither of them, as aforefaid) and to caufe the principal and intereft Co ftopt to be applied as is herein after dire&ed in that behalf.

XXXVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore* How tlie mo-faid. That all the monies to be paid into the exchequer, as a- nies to be paid forefeid, by the (aid South-Sea company, or to be ftopt, as afore* ™to thc **" fkid, of or for the faid Aim of four, millions one hundred fifty fix b^SScd!/ thou fend three hundred and fix pounds, four (hillings and eleven peace, and the (aid feveral fums to be computed after the faid refpedivc rates of four years and an half’s purchafe and one year’s purchafe, ar for intereft of the fame, or any part thereof, aod every of them, and every part thereof, as faft as the fame foall be paid into the fame receipt, purfuant to this a&, (hall be applied in manner following, (that is to (ay) That out of the firft monies arifing of or for the (aid feveral fums fo to be paid or ftoptrcyery or any of them,foch publick debts and incumbrances, .capryipg intereft or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, or more, incurred before the twenty fifth day sf December one thoufend feven hundred and fix teen, founded upon any former ad or ads of parliament in that behalf (not being pai$ of tfee capital (lock or fond of the faid South-Sea company, or by them to be afligned or transferred, as aforefaid) as were redeemable on the faid twenty fifth of December one thaufand feyen hundred and fixteen, or might be redeemed at any time or times, on or before the twenty fifth of Decern* her one thoufend feven hundred twenty two, (hall be redeemed and paid off in the firft place; and that after the fame (hall be jedeomed and paid off, or money fufficient (hall be referved in (he exchequer for redeeming and paying off the feme, according to the true meaning of this act, then all the reft, refidue and re* mainder of the feld fum of four millions one hundred fifty fix thoufend three hundred and fix pounds four (hillings and eleven pence, and of the faid fums to be computed after the faid feveral rates of four years and an half’s purchafe and one year’s purchafe, and of the monies payable for intereft, as aforefaid, and of every of them, anfi of every part thereof, as the feme refiducs and remainders, from time to time, (hall grow due from the faid Sfuth-Sea company, and as the feme (nail or ought to be paid

X 4	into

Digitized by t^ooQle

31%	Anno	feptimo	Georgii I. ftati. c.5.	[17*0.

into the faid receipt of exchequer, (hall from time to time be applied (fo far as the fame from time to time wHl extend) towards paying off and difcharging fo much and fuch parts of the capital flock which (hall then belong to the faid South-Sea even-pany, and to the faid governor and company of the bank of Eng-land, and to the faid Eajl-India company, and every or any of them refpedively, as by the tenor and true meaning of this and the faid former ad were to carry annuities payable at the exchequer after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum* v\\ the twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty feven, and afterwards at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, till redemption by parliament, and towards pay* ing off and redeeming fo much of the fame annuities which fhaH then be payable at the exchequer in refped of the capital ftock which (hall be fo paid off and difcharged; which application of the monies laft mentioned (hall be made in proportion to the refpedive quantities of capital flock, which in purluance of this or the faid former ads mall then appear to belong to thefeid Smith-Sea company, and to the faid bank of England* and to the faid Eajl*India company, and every of them refpedively, and not otherwife 5 and the commiffioners <?f the treafury, or any three or more of them, and the high treafurer for the time being, are hereby direded and authorized to caufeall the monies arifing of or for the faid fum of four millions one hundred fifty fix thou-(and three hundred and fix pounds four (hillings and eleven pence,-and the faid fums to be paid after the faid rates of four years and an halPs purchafe, and one year’s purchafe, and of or for (bcb intereft, as aforefaid, and every of them, and every part thereof* to be applied in the manner and form by this prefeot ad prescribed touching or concerning the fame, and not otherwife.

XXXVII.	And it is hereby enaded, That upon every fuch On every fuch payment, or referving fuch inoney in the exchequer to make payment a fuch payment to the faid South - Sea company, and to the faid pan ofthe	g°vcrnor and company of the bank of England* and the (aid Eafl-

annuities (hall Awfitf company, every or any of them refpedively, a proportional ceafe.	part of the annuities or yearly funds then belonging to them, and

every or any of them refpedively, for which the faid rate of five pounds per centum per annum is payable, as aforefaid, and for which 1b much of their capital ftock (hall be paid off, or for which money (hall be fo referred, from time to time, (hall ceafe and determine; any thing in this or any former ad or ads of parliament contained, or other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary notwitbftanding.

6	Geo. 1. c. 4. XXxVIII. And whereas by virtue of the aforefaid off of the RecitaJ of the Jixth year of his Majefiy s reign, certain bills, commonly called exchi-a<5h about ex- quer-bills, then Jlanding out, which were therein ejlmated to amount t0 e*&kt Iwndred ninety fix thoufand fix hundredJixty two pounds and King George. ten Jhillings, or thereabouts* in principal money, were appointed to bi called or brought in, and to be changed for new bills, to be made forth in the method which was thereby preferibed, and in purfuanee y the fame aft feveral new bills have been made forth for feveral jums of

money*

r'zo.']) Anno feptimo Georoii I. flat. r. C.&	313

7rtey-> whereof the principal hath not exceeded the faid fum of eight \rtdred ninety fix thoufand fix hundred fixty two pound: and ten tiling Si adding thereunto the interejl that was due upon the old bills, by the faid at1 was directed; and by the fame alt the faid South-ea. company, and their fuccefforSy or their court of directors on their 'halfi were enjoined^ during the term of /even years, reckoned from bo feafl of the nativity of Saint John Baptift one thoufand /even utidred and twenty, to jurnifh ready money for exchanging and circles ting the new exchequer-bills which fhould be made forth by virtue f that aft-, and in caj'e any other aft Jbould be made for making forth eey fitrtherfum or fums in exchequer-bills to be current at any time or imes within or during the faid term of feven years, as is therein nentionedy then the faid South-Sea company, and their fuccefforsf vere by the faid firfi mentioned aft (in part before recited) enjoined 'tid. required (during fo much of the faid term of feven years as the nils to be made forth by fuch other aft fhould have a joint currency tiitb the bills to be made forth by thefaid firfi mentioned aft) to fur-rifh a proportional part or parts of Juch ready moneyas fhould be fufficient for exchanging and circulating all the bills fo current, which Proportional parts were to be afcettained and determined as by the fame aft is prefcribed, And whereas by virtue of another aft of the ftxth year of his Mdjefifs reigny intituled, An a<5t for making forth new exchequer-bills, not exceeding one million, at a certain intereft, and for lending the fame to the South-Sea company at an higher intereft, upon fecurity of repaying the fame ana fuch high intereft into the exchequer, for ufes to which the fund for leffening the publick debts, called the finking fund, is applicable, and for circulating and exchanging upon demand, the faid bills at or near the exchequer, feveral other new exchequer-bill Sy amounting to one million in principal monies y were made forth for the purpofe in that aft mentioned; and by the fame lajl mentioned aft the commifftoners of the treafuryy or any three or jnore of them, or the high treafurer for the time beingy are enjoined and required (fo long as the exchequer-billsy made forth by virtue of that aft9 fhould have a joint currency, or be current at the fame times with the bills to be made forth by virtue of the faid firfi mentioned aft) to furnifb out of the monies of the find or fecurity herein after mentionedy or out of loans to be made thtreupon9 a proportional part of the ready money which fhould be fufficient for exchanging and circulating all the bills which fhould be jointly current \ which proportional part fit to be furnijhed on behalf of the publicky was thereby prefcribed to be fo much asy together with a proportional party which y from time to timey Jhould or ought to be furnijhed by the faid South-Sea company , Jbould be fufficient to fupport the currency of all the faid bills; and by the aft lajl mentionedy the fum of three hundred twenty eight thoufand fix hundred feventy three pounds four Jhillings and ten pence halfpenny^ then remaining in the exchequer, and in the fame aft particularly fpecifiedy and the monies which (from and after the application of a certain fum of five hundred and twenty thoufand pounds therein alfo particularly jpecified) fhould arife of or for the fur-fhffisy exetffes and cvcrphffieSy commonly called the Jinking fundy therein

A

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno feptimo GpoROli I. ftati. 0.5.	[172a

in alfo mentioned, are declared and enabled to be a fund or fecurity for furnijbing fucb proportions, of ready money as are lafl before mem* tioned for or towards exchanging and circulating all the jaid exchequer* bills, during their joint currency. And whereas in and by the aft loft jn part before recited, the commijfioners of bis Male fly s treafyrj loero empowered to ijfue or caufe to be ijfuei by way of loan or advance the faid bills not exceeding one million to the South-Sea company, the /am corporation giving fecurity upon their annuity or yearly find for repayment of the principal fum fo lent, with tnterefl, within fitch time as by that aft was limited» and the commijfioners of the treafury, end high treafurerfor the time being, are by that aft direfted ana referred to take ejpeciafcare that upon repayment of the principal monies Jo if be lent, the fame, with the interejl or tucreafe accruing thereupon, Jhould be received and applied in the firjl place to the paying off end difchargihg the faid exchequer chills for one million ; and that Useher-plus thereof, after paying off and difcharging the fame bills, fbould be placed at the receipt of exchequer, to and for thejame mfes to which the monies of the furpluffes, excejfes and overpluses, commonly called fhe finking fund, are applicable•, and that the faid South.-Sea company fbau make jufi account of the principal Jo borrowed, and the interejl and inercafe thereof, and of the repayment of the fame prim* cipal, with the faid interejl or increqfe thereof, into the exchequer in manner, as aforefaid \ and in default of paying the faid monies, with the faid interejl or increafe thereof, then the commijfioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, were thereby authorised ana required to caufe the monies/blent to be Jlopt out of the monies which weekly or otberwjfe Jbould he payable to the South-Sea company at the exchequer, for or upon their enormities or yearly fund, together with fo much more.as the interejl of the hid monies fo unpaid Jhall amount unto, and to casffe the principal ana interejl fo Jlopt, to be applied and placed in the exchequer, as a-forejaid; as by the faid feveral afts (herein before in part recited) relation being thereunto Jeverally had, doth more fidly appear* And whereas the faid fum of Jive hundred and twenty tbeifimi pounds, fince the making of the aft lafl before in part recited, is compleatly fatisfied, or fujjkient money is referved in the exchequer for that pear* pofe, and purfimt to the fame aft, the faid exchequer bills amount* ing to one million, were on the feventh day cf Juntomthoo/md feven hundred and twenty (45 by a certificate figned by the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer doth appear) iffiud by way of loan or advance to the faid South-Sea company, upon a fecurity under their common feal by an iqftrument or writing, bearing date the fourth day ofJune one thoufani fiven hundred .and twenty, for repayment of the feme in good and lawful money of Great Britain into-the exchequer at Weft-ttinfter at the end ofone year, to be reckoned from the timeqfijfmng the faid bills, with interejl after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, as by the fame infirument or writing, relation being thereunto had, may alfo appear: now to the cud that aU the exchequer-bills for the faid fum of one million, and the intereft thereof, may effectually be discharged out of the monies to be repaid by the feme company, with the intereft thereof as aforefaid, aror

bc&rt

Digitized by LjOOQle

172©.} Anno feptuno GcoiUiU L ftat.r.r. 5.	jij

before the time herein after limited in that behalf whereby the joint currency may ceafe, and the publick may be eafed of the burthen and charge of contributing thereunto5 and to the end the faid exceffes, (urpluflesand overplus monies, called the finking fund, and other the publick monies aforefaid, after their , bong freed from the incumbrance of the exchequer-bills laft mentioned, may be at liberty to be applied towards lefleoing of reducing the puhlick debts and incumbrances, according to tho true intent and meaning of this pvefent ad; it is hereby provided, enadted and declared by the authority afore&id. That the fiud corporation, called the South-Sea company, or their fuocef- South-Sea fors, at their own colls and charges, on or before the feventh company (hall day of June which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand ^chequer by feven hundred twenty two (although any argument or aflign- 7 June 171*; menu before that time (hall or (hall not have been made to the 1000,0001. faid other companies, or either of them, in purfuaoce of this with wterefc $&, as afore&idl (hall wdl and truly repay or caufe to be repaid into the faid receipt of exchequer the iaid fum of one million, together with intereft then due for the fame; and that upon fuch repayment the monies Co repaid, with the intereft or. in* creafe accruing thereupon, (hall be applied in the firft place to t0 be applied the paying off and diicharging the faid exchequer-bills amount- to paying off ing to one million, with (uch intereft as (hall bcdqe thereupon; the exchequer and that the fiuplus thereof, after paying off and difeharging die	^

bills laft mentioned, fhaU be placed and applied to the fame ufag to which the monies of the laid finking fond are to be applied# and that an account of the monies io borrowed and repaid, and of the intereft thereof, (hall be made, as by the (aid former aft was prefcribed; and in default of repaying the faid fum of one million, with the intereft or increafe therm, according to this a&, then the annuity and annuities which fhall be then payable la detank gt the receipt of the exchequer to thefiud South-Sr a company (ex- th,ir cept 1b much thereof as in the mean time (hall or may have been jJ^J*** aligned or transferred to the (aid other companies, or either of ^ them, as aforefeid} (hall and may be ftopt by the commiffionert of the treafiury, or any three of them, or by the high treaforer for the time being, or by tl>e officers of the exchequer for the time being; and the faid exchequer-hills amounting to one million (hall and may be called in and cancelled by and with the monies b ftopt, in the manner prefcribed by the (aid former ad in that behalf.

XXXIX. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- After dif-(aid. That after difeharging the faid exchequer-bills amounting charging to one million, with all the intereft which (hall be due there- thofe biin,*?, upon, and after paying off fuch puhlick debts and incumbrances carrying intereft or annuities alter the rate of five pounds ptr finium per annum, or any higher intereft or annuity founded upon any former ad or ads of parliament in that behalf, as may be redeemed before the faid feaft of the nativity of Saint Joim ’

^aptift one thoufand feven hundred and twenty ieven, or referv-#)£ mpney Efficient in the exchequer for thofe pqrpofes a then

Digitized by LjOoq le

gi6	Anno feptimo GeorGII I. ftat.i. c. 5;	[17^0.

Then all the all the monies of the faid fum of three hundred twenty eig^it mlllbe^ ^oufand hundred feventy three pounds four (hillings and ten applied to- pence halfpenny, and of the faid furpldfies, excefles and over-wards paying plus monies, commonly called the finking fund, which then off part of the (hall or ought to remain in the receipt of the exchequer, and all of^he'three* ^ ovcrP'us anY he) of the faid intereft-monies, which companiet^	he paid by the faid South-Sea company for the faid million

&c.	9	lent hs aforefaid, (hall immediately, or as foon as the monies then

retting of the faid finking fund can be computed, (hall be applied (fo far as the feme will extend) towards paying off and difeharging fo much and fuch parts of the capital dock, which (hall then belong to the faid South-Sea company, and to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and to the faid Eajl-India company, and to every or any of them refpe&iveJy, as by the tenor and true meaning of this and the faid former zA in that behalf are to carry annuities payable at the exchequer, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, till the twen-fourth of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty-feven, and afterwards at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, till redemption by parliament, and towards paying off and redeeming fo much of the fame annuities which (hall then be payable at the exchequer, in refpettt of the capital (lock which (hall be fo paid off and difeharged ; which application of the monies kft mentioned (hall be made in proportion to the refpetftive quantities of capital (lock, which in purfuance of this and the kid former ads (hall then appear to belong to the faid South-Sea company, and to the faid bank of England, and to the faid Eafi-Jndia company, and every of them refpedively, and not other-wife. ‘

Turns of 100.000 I. for difeharging part of the capital ftock of the faid companies,

Allthemonies	XL. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-

ff^fodng faid’That aI1 the

monies of the faid furpluffes, excefles and 14 June 1710, overplus monies, commonly Called the linking fund, which af-rtiall be appli-’ ter the application of fo much thereof as is in and by this ad be-ed by even , fore direded to be applied or referved as aforefaid, (nail arife and be brought into the exchequer, at any timeor times before the faid feaft of the nativity of Saint John the Baptift which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty (even* (hall and may be applied, at the end of every year, fo far as the fame will from time to time extend, by even (urns of one hundred thoufand pounds at a time, for or towards paying off and difeharging part of the faid capital (locks of the faid South-Sea com-j&ny, and of the bank of England, and of the faidEajl-Imlia company rcfpe6Hvely, in proportion to the refpe<5tive quantities of the faid (lock which (hall then belong to thofe corporations refpedlively; and upon every payment to be made in purfuance of this a6t to the (aid South-Sea company, and to the governor and propor- company of the bank of England, and to the faid Eajl-India th°e^rannuit?es c0n[vPany> anc* every'or any of them refpe&ively, of any part of (hall ccafe. t^ie,r capital (lock, a proportional part of their annuities or yearly funds, payable at the faid rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for fo much of the faid capital (lock as (hall be fo

paid

and thereup on a

io.] Anno feptirfio Geokgii I. ftat.r. c. 6.	317

iid off from time to time, fhall ceafe and determine: and the i d commiffioners of the treafury, or any three of them, and, the *

;gh treafurer for the time being, are hereby dimmed and authored to caufe the monies of the faid fum of three hundred twen-r eight thoufand fix hundred feventy three pounds four fhillings nd ten pence halfpenny, and of the faid furplufles, excefles and verplufles, called the finking fund, and the laid overplus of the tid inter eft-monies, to be applied for or towards paying off the aid publick debts and incumbrances, and for or towards paying >fF the faid capital flock of the faid Sou company, ana (in :afe of fuch alignment or alignments as aforefaid) of the faid :apital flock of the faid other companies, and reducing a propor-ional part of their annuities or yearly funds, as this ad directs j any former law or ftatute, or any other matter or thing what-loever, to the contrary notwithflanding.

XLI. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded. That if at Prorifo for any time or times hereafter provifion fhall be made by authori- paying off and ty of parliament, in the lawful coins of this realm, placed in the j**'char?j£2 exchequer, for paying off and difeharging the faia exchequer-bills for the faid fum of one million, the bills themfelves which 4 fhall be fb paid off, or for which fuch coined monies fhall be referred in the exchequer, as is preferibed in the ad (laft in part * Geo-1- c,io. before recited) fhall be difchaiged therewith and cancelled, as is thereby direded: and if before the firfl day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one, or before the end of the fion of parliament then next enfuing, coined monies fhall not be raifed and brought into the exchequer for difeharging the bills laft mentioned; then all or any of the monies which fhall then remain in the exchequer, of the faid fum of three hundred twen- . ty eight thoufand fix hundred feventy three pounds four fhillings and ten pence halfpenny (if any fuch be) and all the monies which from and after fuch feflion of parliament fhall quarterly arife of or for the faid furplufles and overplus monies, called the finking fund, or otherwife, as is mentioned in the aft laft in part before recited, fhall be applied for or towards difeharging the faid exchequer-bills amounting to one million, till they fhall be all compleatly paid off and cancelled in the manner and form by the fame aft preferibed and intended; this prefent aft, or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

CAP. VI.

An aft for punifhing mutiny and defertion, and foi; the better payment#? the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP.

Digitized by ^.ooQle

Ahno ftprifflo GfeoftdJt I. ftati. C. f. £1710.

CAP. Vli.

Anas topreferosandencouragethewoollen andfilk

faStures of this kingdomand for more effeSuo

the	poor, by prohibiting the uje and wear of all printed,

painted, ftainedor dyed callicoes in apparel, boujboldfluff, furniture, or oiherwije, after the twenty fifth day ofuc-cembcr onetbonfand /even hundred and twenty turn (except at therein is excepted).

WHEREAS///; mfi evident. That the wearing and after of printed, painted, Jlaitied and dyed ealltcOes at apparel, hiufbold fluff,	fiirniture,ana * does manifrfHg	tend to tbi

great detriment of the Woollen and fit* manufactures of this kingdom, and to the	exceffiveincriafe of the poor, and if not effectually prevent-

ed, may be the utter ruin and deflruCtion of the find manufactures, and of many	thdufands of your Majejiy’s fubjeCts and their families,

tvhofe livelihoods do intirely depend thereupon: ror remedy thereof, may it pleafe your moll excellent Majefty, That it may be enadcd, and be It eroded by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and corifent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and Commons, in this prefent parliament afletnbled, and by the au-Afker *j Dec. thorify of the feme. That from and after the twenty fifth day of *7**, none December which lhall be in the year of our Lord one thousand GrcaTBritain fevert hundred and twenty two, it fhall not be lawful for any any garment perlort or pcrfons whatfoever to ufe or wear in Great Britain, ht of printed, &c. any garment or apparel whatfoever, any printed, painted, ftain-callico, under ed or dyed callico, under the penalty of forfeiting to the infer-s 1* tothem- mer furtl °f five pounds of lawful money of Great Britain fair former, on * every fuch offence, being lawfully convided thereof by the oath conviction be- Or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles before any fore a juftice, one or more juftice or juftices of the peace; which juftice or ju-ancicomplamt ftices ;s arui are hefeby refpedively authorized and ftridly en-day* after of- joined and requited, upon any complaint or information upon fence com-	Oath exhibited or brought of any fuch offence committed, con-

inittcd.	trary to this ad, within fix days after commitment thereof, to

fummon the party accufed, and upon his or her appearance or contempt to proceed to examination of the matter of fad, and upon due proof made thereof, either by voluntary confeffion of the party, or by the oath or oaths of-one or more credible wit-HHfc or Wimeffes (which oath or oaths the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby refpedively impowettd and required to admi-nifter) to hear and determine the feme, and upon fuch conviction to caufe the faid penalty, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals refpedively, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, rend ring to the pbrty the overplus (the charge of fuch diftrefs and fale being firft deduded}) neverthelefs it (hall be lawful for any party aggriev-Appea! to fef- ed to appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next generaTquar-fc>ns, whofe ter-feffions to be holden for the county, city, riding or place judgment (hall where the faid offence or offences (hall have been committed, ■®* finaI*	giving

Digitized by LjOOQle

t7lo.j Aimo (eptkto GicatoK I. 6at.i.	c.f,

giving fix days notice at the lead of fuch appeal to the profe-cu tor or profecutors; which judices at fuch general quarter-fefiioas are hoccby authorized and im powered to hear and determine the fame, and their judgment therein (hall be final.

U. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That ^ter the ^ if any mercer, draper, upholder, or any other perfon or perfons Dec mer-or corporation whatfoever, (hall at any time or times after the per, Uc. fell-faid twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, fell, utter or expofe to fide afty printed, painted, ormbed ftained or dyed cailico, or any bed, chair, cufhion, window- &c. made * curtain or other houthold ftuff or furniture whatfoever, made up thereof, unlefi of or mixed with any printed, painted, ftained or dyed cailico, *!?r unleft for exportation thereof, and unlefe the fame (hall be dear-od outwards accordingly, as is ufiial in cafe of fide for exportation, every fadh perfon or corporation (b offending (hall for every offence, being lawfully convi&ed thereof, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be recovered as is herein after direded; and every fteward or other officer of fuch corporation, or his deputy, offending herein, and and officer of being lawfully convi&ed of fuch offence, (hall, over and befides a corporation the forfeiture or penalty aforefaid, forfeit andiofe his office and offending (hall employment and be incapable to hold the feme.	Stoffice!*

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Nofuch calli-That from and after the feid twenty fifth day of December one Co tobeufed thoufend (even hundred and twenty two, it (hall not be lawful in any bed, for any perfon or perfons to ufe or wear in Great Britain, in or ch“r* *c* about any bed, chair, cufhion, window-curtain or any other pam 0 10 # fort of bouihold ftuff or furniture, any printed, painted, ftained or dyed cailico (except as herein after is excepted) under the

penalty of forfeiting (being thereof lawfully corivi&ed) the fum of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to be recovered as herein after is directed.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. How the for-That one moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures im- feituresffiaU pofed by this act, where the fame (hall exceed five pounds, (hall room-be to the informer or profecutor, and the other moiety to the

poor of the parifh or place where the offence (hall be committed ; and fuch* penalties as are not herein directed to be otherwife recovered, (hall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majefty’s court? of record at Wejiminfter, for offences committed in England^ Wales or Berwick upon Tweed* or in his Majefty*s court of feflion, court of jufticiary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain, together with full cofts of fuit, by any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame within fix calendar months rifcxt after the offence committed; and that in any fuch aftion or fuit no efioin, prote&ion, privilege or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

V.	And bp it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if it perfolM CQJ1-dull appear, that any perfon convicted or any offence againft this vi6led may be,

(hall be (heiteroder protected, or doth or (hall refide or in- taken out of ’	habit	any pretended

Digitized by Google

320	Anno	feptiak)	Georoii	I.	ftati.	c.	7*	[1700.

privilege place by warrant of any of the judges in England, or of the lords of feflion, tcc. in Scotland, and committed to common gaol till payment of the forfeitures*

Not to extend to callicoes made up in any bed, See. before Dec.15, 171a*

habit in any pretended privilege place whatsoever, every fuch offender (hall and may be taken from thence by warrant wider the hand and feal of any of his Majefty’s juftices of the court of King’s bench, common pleas or barons of the exchequer, hi England,, Wales ox Berwick upon Tweed* or by warrant under the hand and feal of any of the lords of feflion, judges of the court of judiciary or barons of the exchequer, in Scetland; and Shall be by any fuch juflice, lord of feffion, judge or baron committed to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence was committed, there to remain without bail or mainprise, till payment and fatisfaftion of all penalties and forfeitures im-pofed by this aft, with full cods.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforelaid, That this aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend or be condrued to extend in any wife to any callicoes which have already been, or which before the (aid twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two (hall be made up or ufed in any bed, chair, cudiion, window-curtain or other fort of houfhold duff or furniture: provided the fame be continued to be worn and ufed in fuch houf-

Norto repeal, See. any law for prohibiting callicoes printed in foreign parts.

Exporters of callicoes before the faid *5 Dec. entitled to the fame allow-ances as if exported in 1 a months after importation.

General iflue.

Treble coils.

hold duff or furniture, and not otherwife.

VII.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend or be condrued to extend to repeal, make void or alter any law now in force for prohibiting callicoes primed, painted, dyed or dained in foreign parts, or for prohibiting any other goods or manufactures whatfoever.

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That all perfons and bodies corporate who (hall, on or before the faid twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, export any callicoes, (hall be entitled to and have fuch and the fame allowances and advantages upon the exportation thereof, as fully as if the fame had been exported within twelve months after the importation thereof; any law, ufage or cudom to the contrary notwith-danding.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued or profecuted for any thing done or to be done, in purfuance of this aft, fuch perfon or perfons may plead the general iflue, and give this aft and the fpe-cial matter in evidence ; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, profe-cutor or profecutors, (hall become nonfuit, or forbear profecu-tion, or fuffer difcontinuance; or if a verdift pafs agaioft him, her or them, the defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods.

and (hall have the like remedy for the fame, as in any cafe where Qods arc by law given to defendants.

The like pe- X. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That wearin r prohibition of callicoes intended by this aft, and the penal-ufing^in appa-ties thereby inflifted for wearing or ufing printed, painted, ftain-rel or houfljold ed or dyed callico in apparel, houfhold duff or furniture, after fluff, any duff the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and made ©for twenty two, contrary to this aft, (hall rcfpcftively extend to jwo-

hibrt.

A*no fcptiqw GpoRen I. ^t-j. cf8,—ip.	321

luhit, and Aall be levied and recovered for wearing or ufing.iq mixtwith cot-apparel, houfhold fluff or furniture, after the laid twenty iifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two* muflin**Ac.

. any ftuff made of cotton or mixt therewith, which (hall be prints 9 Geo. a. c.4. ted or painted with aay colour or colours, or any callico chequer-? cd or ftnped, or any callico ditched or dowered in foreign parts Vith any colour or colours, or with coloured dowers made there jfmuflins, neckcloths and fuftians excepted) in fuch manner 3$ the penalties inflided by this a& for wearing or ufing printed, painted, dained or dyed callico in apparel* houfhold duff or furniture after the faid twenty dfth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, contrary to this a ft, are to be levied or recoveredj but under fuch limitations, and with fuch liberties, privileges and advantages as are mentioned and ex* prefled in this aa, or in any other ad or ads of parliament now in force relating thereto or relating io printed, painted, dained or dyed callicoes. y	'

XI.	Provided, That nothing in this ad Contained (hall extend Not to extend

or be condrued to extend to luch callicoes as lhall be dyed all ?

blue.	dyed all blue.

CAP. VIIL

An ad for enlarging the time for making the rivet Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury in the county of Berks.

The time for making the Kennet navigable enlarged from June i, *7*r, ^Geo.i. ett; to June 1,1713, with all the powers, See. iri the rented ad. If the under- * takers (hall not have fimfheci their undertaking by June i, 1713, the com-tniflioners may appoint others, who (hall have the fame powers, Sec. and the powers, &c. of the former undertakers* taceafe. The undertaker* to make the river navigable from the wharf in Reading to the hofpitol in "Newbury.	*

CAP. IX.

An ad for the better prefervation of the harbour of Rye in the county

Suffex.	'	,J

1-	-	*	j

No new walls, banks, Sec. (hall be fet up to hinder the flux and reflux pt the fea, between the mouth of Rye harbour and New Shut near Crsrvefi Sluce. Such newereded walls. See. declared pubfick nufances, and mkjr be profecuted as fuch. Adion (hall be laid in the county where the matter arifes, and defendant may plead the general iflue, &c.	,

CAP. X.

An ad for making the river Weaver navigable from frodfhara-Sridge to winsfoid-Bridge in the county of Chefter.

• Undertakers and truftees appointed for makingthe river Weaver pavigable from Frodftnun* Bridge to Winsford-Bridge, rowers given to the luadtff-tdJterw Undertakers to give faosfa&ion to the owners of lands, mills,

'Commifljoners appointed for determining differences between the undertakers and* proprietors or occupiers of lands, wears, mills, Stc. Performs dHTatisfled with the determination of the commiflioners, or declining fuch •mediation, dr who, on convenient notice, (hail refufe to tfeat with the undertakers, or (hall not, or cannot agree, the commiflioners (hall HFue their warrant for the impanelling of a jury, to the flieriff or coroners of Cbeiter, who (hall return a jury accordingly, on forfeiture of 501. Commiffioners may fuinmon witnefles, and order the jury to view the places in queftion.

Juries to enquire of and affefs damages. Commiflioners to give judgment for the turns fo aifefied.. None (hall ait as a comnufioner who has not YOL. XIV.	Y	icti.

Google

32®

> ' jc

I Amt. c« 6 ^

Anno feptimaGfeokGil I. fistt.t. C. it, 12.	[173&

ibo L per annum, or is any ways concerned* Undertakers may dcaaat. is. j d. per tun for all goods, See. carried cm the river, tin the charges rf making it navigable be iatisfied } and after i s. only per tun. Mattera of boats, aec. anfwerable for any mifebief done by their boats or crew* Owners, Sec. of lands may ufe pleafure boats without paying any duty. The river (ball be free for all the King's ftibjefts, paying the duty. Saving of all royalties of ft thing and fowling. Manure, gee. not to pay duties. Undertakers may make Witten Brook navigable, fo as they do not prejodioa Witton-Mills. Commilfioners to meet yearly to take and examine the on-. dertakers accounts, and their allowance (hall be a fofficient dftcharge. After the work (hall be fimfhed, and all payments fatisfied, the produce of fht duties to be employed in repairing pnblick bridges. See. So much of the blear produce as juftices m (effion (hall think (it, (hall be employed in mending the highways near t|ie river. The furplus to be employed in amending the highways in the county. Number of undertakers, in cafe of death, JScc. to be fupptied by the commtffioners. Undertakers not having made the river navigable in ten years, from Jude 24,1721, the comnuifiooers may appoint others.

CAP. XI.

An aft for finilhitt? and adorning the new chapel, called Saint George’s chapel, in'Great Yarmouth in the county of Norfolk, and for enlightening the greets of the (aid town, by a duty or impofirion on coals, culm and cinders to be landed and conmmed there.

Saint George’s chapel in Yarmouth (ball be compleated. Lights placed'in Ibetewn, and fuck provifion made for the minifteo, as the mayor. Sec. (hall direft. Mini Her s to be licenfed by the blfhop of Norwich, and nominated by the mayor, See. After z 5 March 1721, a duty of 2 s. per chalder for all coals. See. unladed at Yarmouth, (hall be paid by the matter of the veffel to fuch perfons as the mayor, See. (hall direft, for the /pace of 35 years, and from thence 1 s. per chalder for ever. The mayor, Stc. may nominate colleftors, and remove them at pleafure. Coals, Sec landed at Yarmouth, and afterwards carried into Norfolk, Suffolk, or the city of Norwich/ collector (hall repay the duties. Colleftors to pay 1 s. 46. per Chalder of cinders made ot coals that have paid the doty. Tne money bor> rowed to be applied to the ofes in the aft. After the money borrowed is segmid, thejuayor, Sec. ftiali apply the overplus for the pubbek benefit of die town. The town of Yarmouth (hall continue but one parifb, and fhe Churchwardens to have the faid powers relating to the new chapeJ as to Chepardh ehurch. The mayor, See. may allow a drawback for coah ofed in making of fait. After <5 March 1721, the aft it Ann. ttat. 2. c. tv * private aft, (hall ceafe.

CAP. XII^

An a£l	for	imploying	the manufafturers encouraging the

consumption of raw ftlk and mohair , by prohibiting ■ the wearing of buttons and button-holes made of cloth, fergt . or other

WHE REASiyiW ail made in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majefty Queen Armer intituled? An adfc for im> '(Maying the manufacturers by encouraging fhe ConfUMjStidH of raw iilk and mohair yarn,	fuggijiihg , bthtribbtgs*

That the maintenance of many thoufands of men,	md	children

'within this	kingdom oj Great Britain depends upon t he making ef jifh?

■jhtohair yarn and thread buttons	and ba with the f

‘that great numbers of thrtwflers, twifters,	»	winders,

and others are employed in preparing materials of winch fsuh'butteni ami button-bales ore made -, it was provided. That from and after A

Digitized by v^ooQle

i7*o-j Ahnt> feptimb GioRGii t. ftat.t. c. 12.	3*3

jfive and twentieth day of March one thoufand jeven hundred and ten rtf buttons or button-holes made of cbth, ferge, drugget, frize, cam-4A*/ ^ flay other Jfdjfs, Jhctuld be made, Jet or bound on any clothes or tvearing garments tulmtfoever, by any taylor or other per fort or per-font tubatfcever, oh the forfeitures and penalties in the Jaid aft contained: and whereas for making the faid recited aft more effectual,

Another aft was made in the fourth year of his prejmt Majejly, inti-ikkd. An ad for making more effectual an ad made in the eighth year Of the reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled. An aft for o.i. c. 7* impldying the manufafturers by encouraging the confumption of raw fi'k and mohair yam : and whereas the faid fevered afts have not effeftually anfwered the good ends thereby propofei, and buttons and button-holes made of iloth, ferge, drugget, frizes, camblet find other the faid fluffs, are fill ufually made, fet and bound on clothes and waring garments, to the great impcverifbmerlt of the faid manufacturers of needlirtvork buttons and button-holes, and other the faid perfons employed in preparing the materials thereof, and to thi txceff Jive in&eafe of the poor, and, if not prevented, may be the utter ruin of the faid manufafturers and many thoufands of your Majeffs fub-jefts and their families, whofe livelihoods do intirely depend thereupon t for jemedy whereof, may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty. that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enacted by the King’s tiioit excellent majefty, by and with thfe advice and confcnt of thd lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the nine and twentieth day of September which (hall be After if Sept. in the yfcar of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twen- 17*** no per-ty two* it (hall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons whatfo- (hall wear fever, within the kingdom of Great Britain, to ufe or wear oh buttons^Lde* any clothes, garments or apparel whatfoever ahy button! of bitt- of cloth, See. ton-holes made of or bound with cloth* ferge, drugget* frizej onjieiialty of bamhlet, or any (hiffs whereof clothe! or wearing garments are g* P^do-hfually made; ahd that if arty perfon or perfons whatfoever* tc,u Within the kingdom of Great Britain, (hall ufe of wear any buttons or button-hotes made of or bound with doth, fetge* drug-feet, frize* camblet or other (tuffs as aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons being thereof lawfully convided by the oath o( one of tnore credible witnefs or witnefles, or by confeffion of the party* m manner as is herein after mentioned, (hall forfeit for every dozen of fuich buttons or button-holes fo ufed or worn the fum ot forty (hillings, or in proportion for every leffer quantity of fuch buttons and button-holes \ to be recovered and diftributed as herein after is provided.

II.	And for the more eafy convidion of offenders againft this Coitvi&Tort ift, and for the more eafy recovery of the penalties and forfei- before one ja* turcs aforefaid, be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, *“cc Pcace* That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace of the county, riding, city* town or phee where any offence (hall be committed againft this ad, or where fuch offender (hall inhabit, and fuch jnftice or foces are hereby required and enjoined, upon any complaint or

V a	in

Digitized by Google

the other to the poor.

Appeal to quarter-fef-uons, whole

Anno feptimo Georgii I. ftati- C. 12.	[1720.,

Information upon the oath of one or more credible perfbn or perfons (which oath fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby im-powered and required to adminifter) to fummon the party or parties accufed, and upon his, her or their appearance or contempt to proceed to the examination of the matter of fact, and upon due proof made, either by the confeflion of the party, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible perfon or perfons, of any offence committed contrary to this aft, to determine the fame, and convidt the offender or offenders thereof; and upon Penalties to be convidtion to,caufc the faid penalties or forfeitures, upon the of-levied by di- fender or offenders refufmg to pay the fame on demand, at fuch ltrefs.	time	or times as the faid juftice or juftices (hall appoint, by war*

rant or warrants under his or their hands and feals, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch offender or offenders, rendring to him, her or them the overplus, if any fhall be, the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale being thereout firft dedufled $ and all and every the penalties and forfeitures under jhis adt fhall be diftributed and paid in manner following, (that One moiety t° 1S to fay) one moiety thereof to him, her or them, on whofe t ie m ormer, oat^ or oaths any perfon or perfons fhall be convidted of any offence againft this a<ft, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh where fuch offence or offences fhall be committed.

III. Provided neverthclefs. That it fhall and may be lawful to or for any party or parties aggrieved by the order, determination or warrant of fuch juftice or juftices as aforefaid, to ap-Pca^ t0 ^ie Ju^ices l^c Peace at the next general quarter-fef-1 ' fions to be holden for .the county, riding, city or place where the faid offence or offences fhall have been committed^ giving eight days notice at the lead of fuch appeal to the profecutor or profecutors 5 which juftices at the faid feflions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame, and their ,	.	*	judgment	therein	fhall	be final.

Profecutipn in ’ IV. Provided alfo. That all offences againft this adt (hall be one month, profecuted within one month after fuch offence committed, and not after.

Not to extend V. Provided alfo, That nothing in this act contained fha/J extend or be con (trued to extend to any clothes or wearing apparel made of velvet.

VI.	Provided alfo, That if any action cur fuit fhall hereafter be commenced 01 profecuted againft any peribn or perfons Co fued or profecuted as aforefaid, fuch perfon or perfons may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in fcvidcnce; and if the plaintiff fhall become nonluited, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difcontinuance, or a verdidt to pafs againft him or her, or judgment upon demurrer, the defendant or defendants fhall recover his, her or their treble cofts, for which he, fhe or they fhall have like remedy as in cafes where cofts by law are given to defendants.

VII.	And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid. That this adt fhall be taken and allowed to be a publlck adt in all courts within this kingdom of Great Britainand all judges

2	and

to clothes of velvet.

General ifTue, &c.

Treble coils.

Publick aft.

Digitized by

Anno fepdmo Georgii I. c.13. \	325

and juftices of the peace are hereby required to take notice there-* of as fuch, without fpecial pleading the jTatne.

CAP. XIII. jfn aSl for regulating the journeymen taylors within the weekly bills of mortality.

XT 7 HE RE AS great numbers ofjourneymen taylors, in and about VV the cities of London and Weftminfter, and others, who lave ferved apprenticejhips, or been brought up in the art or myfte-ry of a taylor, have lately departed from their fervices without juft caufe, and have entred into combinations to advance their wages ta urtreafonable prices, and lejjen their ujual hours of work, which is of evil example, and mamfeftly tends to the prejudice of trade, to the encouragement of iHenefs, and to the great increafe of the poor : for remedy thereof, may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the All coDtrafts lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent par-? between jour-Jiamcnt aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all pcymcn tay- -contrails, covenants or agreements: id writing, or not iyi writ- do^andWelting, heretofore made or entred into, or hereafter to be made or minfter, for entred into, by or between any perfons brought up in, or pro- advancing I felling, uiing or exercifing the art or myftery of a taylor, or their wages, journeyman taylor, in making up mens or womens work, in jJourf Qf the cities of London and Weftminfter, or either of them, or with- work, declar-in the weekly bills of mortality, for advancing their wages, or ed illegal and for leffening their ufual hours of work, (hall be, and are here*void* by declared to be illegal,: null and Void;to all intents and pur-|>ofe$ ; and further, that if any taylor, journeyman taylor, or Taylors eo- • other perfon brought up in, or profeflirtg, ufing or cxetcifing tring into fuch the art or myftery of a taylor, or journeyman taylor, within the agreement af-limits aforelaid, (hall at any time or times after the firft day of ^^ ‘ May one thouland feven hundred and twenty one, keep up, eon- J^ouiutted ta tinue, alt in, make, enter into, fign, feal, or be knowingly in- the houfe of * jterefted or concerned in any contrail, covenant or agreement, conre&ion,. or by this alt declared to be illegal, null and void, every perfon or ^nths with* perfons fo offending, being lawfully convilted thereof upon thp '0VLt oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witness before any two juftices of the peace in their jurifdkftions within the li-mits aforefaid, upon any information, exhibited, or profecution, within three months after the offence committed, (which oaths the faid juftices are hereby empowered and required to adjnini-	,

fter) every fuch offender (hall, by order of fuch juftices, at their diferetion be committed, either to the houfe of correliion, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceed- ;	'

ing two months, or to the common gaol, as they (hall fee caufe,

.there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding two months.	^

II.	And for declaring, limiting and appointing the hours of Hours ofwork work, and wages for journeymen taylors, fervants, and appreo- and wages ap^ tjcca tp taylors, yiitbin the limits aforefcid j be it. epalfod by

Y 3	the

Digitized by v^ooQle

3*6	Anno	fepdmo Gcoroii I. ftac.se

the authority aforefaid, That frofci and after Che firft dtydf Mtf one thoufand feven hundred and twenty ope, the hour* of mt for all journeyman taylors, fervants and apprentices to taylors, and other perfons imployed or to be imployed, or retained as taylors^ in making up mens or womens work, or foch fervants or apprentices within the cities of London and H^eftminfler^ or either of them, or within the weekly bills of mortality, (hail be from fix of the clock in the morning until eight of the flock at night; excepting only that there fhall be allowed by the matter one penny halfpenny a day for breakfaft, and one hour for dinner, in the time aforefaid; and for the find time or hours of work aforefaid there fhall be paid unto every journeyman taykr, or other perfon imployed, or to be imployed or recalled as a journeyman taylor, for his work, during the hours aforefaid, the wages "and fums following, (that is to fay) from the five and twentieth day of March to the four and twentieth day of Jwne9 any fum not exceeding two (hillings per diem, and for die reft of the year one (hillipg and eight pence per diem.	:	^:

Taylor* oblig- ILL And be it further enaded by the authority afmdaid, ed to pay their That jn any tayfor or taylors, or other pcsfbo or perfons after t^faid a#,n? as fuch> or ciMTy‘mg on, ufing or exeresfing theater rate.	myftery	of	a	taylor	within	the limits aforefaid, (hail hire, main

or imploy any journeyman or other perfon, not being an ap^l

f>reqtice, he, (he or they fo hiring, retaining or fonptaying any uch journeyman or other perfon aforefaid, (apprentices except-ed) (nail, and they are hereby obliged and required*) psyrheq after the rate aforefaid, for the fall thne for which he, fas or they (o hire, retain or imploy them, or agree ib to do, ^	-	‘

IV.	And for more eafy recovering the Uad wages. It flattfol lawful for any two juftices of the peace within the limits afore-want whereof an<* arc ^ere^y authorised and required, upon earn-party to be P*ain* made for that purpoie, to fummon before them die par-eommited till ty or parties offending; and for nonpayment wwpmwgMy or fuftkient fatisfa&km given for the (apie to the pasty df wsfiri aggrieved, to iflue their warrant or warrants tor levying foci} wages due, as aforefaid, by dtfbrefs and fale of the offender’s |dods, rend ring the overplus to the owner; cad for want of mfticient dillrefs to commit the party or parities offending to the common gaol, there to remaip without boil or msnprife, until be, (he or they (hall pay or give fatisfadbon to the party' fbri fame.	'	*■

V.	Awl in regard it may be reafembie upon	,

the wages and hours of work aforefaid^ be it enaded by the nfbo-rity aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful to ana fortbeju^ hours of work ft ices of the peace in their refpedrae jurifdidionswitbirt for li-according to mits aforefaid, at their general quarfer-fefitons, and they tone ch’cumftanccs hereby authorized and required, upon applicationtor be made ot plenty or to them fa that purpofe, to take into theiy confidmtiodi thy plenty or fearcity of the thne, and othcr circomftances nooefib-jrify to be ooitfiderod, and to *Itrr the wages, andhour* of work aforefcfid, and to order and appoint -wbat wages and allows***

Wages tp be

recovered by ttiftfeft, for

fati.vfadion ma^e.

Quarter-fef-fions may al ter the laid wages and

fearcity, &c.

Digitized by

Google

3*7

Am*> Ocmimi I* c. ijk .

dhiril he-paid or readsfo jomnaeyaaeo taykws, and fervanM, m. kaiaed or imployedvQt to . be retained pr imployed, in the art or juyftery	of a taylor, as afbfefaid, within the limits aforefaid, and

.what hours they (bah work, and (hall make fuch alterations -therein, from time to time, as foch juftices at any fuch general feffione /hall thinjt its upon application to be made to them for that purpofc, and ftich juftices (hall, within the fpace of four-#een days neat after %h general felfions.eaufe fuch rates and Su<. |t< alterations, from time to time, to be printed, publifhed and fIon, t0 be made known, in fuch manner as to them (hall feem meet, at printed and k he- reafonable expence of any perfon or perfons defiring the publithed; feme; and from and after publication thereof, all taylors, and *®dfrom their journeymen, and iervants, within the limits afore/aid, are ^fa-ved oi> hereby ftririly requiredio obferve the fame, upon pain of impr*- pain of two -ionment by fuch juftices, for any time not exceeding two months, months im-ieing lawfully convicted of fuch offence, after knowledge or in- prifonment, -formation of any fuch rates or alterations thereof to be made, as afore/aid, upon any profecution to be commenced within fix days after the offence committed.

Vi. And .jbe.it ftwthaf enacted by the authority aforefaid, journeyman That if any perfon actually retained or imployed as a journey- taylor depart-4mn taylor,;or fcrvant* in the art or myftery of a t ay lor,, as a- jng from hi* forefaid, withio the Umitsaforefaid, (hall at any time or times [h^end^fthe after the firft day of May one thoufand feven hundred and twen- tenn> orthe jtyooe, depart mom his fervice before the. end.of the term or work finifted, -tune for which he is or (hall be hired or retained, or until the or reftrfng to work, for which be was hired at retained, /hall be finifhed, ,or '^j, ^ not being retained or imployed, (hall refufc to enter into work fent th« cr-imptayawnt (after requeff made for that purpofe by any ma- honfe of cor. ^crjtayier, for the wages and hours limited, or to be limited and reftian for appointed, as aforefaid) unlefo it be for fome reafonable or fuf-two ■bonthe. ftcient cau/e, to be allowed by two juffices of the peace within ■the liaaks aforefaid.} then in every fuch cafe every perfon fo of. lending, being thereof-lawfully conyi&ed, as-aforenid, (ball be fenr to the houfc of correction, there tp be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two months.

Vlf. And for more effectual-preventing the mifehiefs and in- Taylor* allow, conveniencies which may happen by non-obfervance of this aft, or by (educing or retiring any of the journeymen taylors, or for- journeymen wants aforefaid, from one mafter to another; be it enadted by Hull forfeit $1. the authority aforefaid. That if any taylor or other perfon pro*

/effing, ufing or exercifing the art or myftery of a taylor, as aforeuid, within the limits aforefiud, or any other perfon a-fbrefiud, (hall at any time after the firft day of May one thoufand fevpn hundred and twenty one, give, allow or pay any more or greater wages than as aforefaid, for the hours of work aforefaid, to any fervant or journeyman, in money, or Other-Wife, contrary to the intent of this a<5l, every perfon fo of-? landing, being thereof lawfully convidfod upon any profecutipn commenced within three months after the offence committed,

/fcfi fprfrit-snd fay the Smoot five pounds* one moiety where-

V	iftf

Digitized by (^.ooQle

/

Anip* feptun# Gs&ftottT,1 ftafeiwiTc. fjf, <5.

tift fteHtoe to thinformer or prflftimor, fort the

to the poor of ftyfpitffh dr place #heteftie offence Atoll be coto«

\ and every foch fervant or journeyman taking mWe fit Journeymen greater wagers than as aforefaid,' tor the hours of owk afcie-takinggreater^^-^jpg thereof canrhfted, as aforefaid; (hall be font to die ftnuVthe6	edrreftion, there to be kept to hard labour for may time

houfe of cor- ilefe exceeding two months $ and alt retainers* promifts, obtiga-rettiqn for tidOs or fequrkies; fer any wages," pay ot* allowances, contrary’ ^n^s.Vttt*this a6t,‘(hall bfe hull Sind void: ' '' wntraryto "	Provided, That1 thisaft-erfcity thing fheitebv conttfcv-

this a ft,vpl<f. *d, lhall not extetrt to hinder thfe -payirtg or reeetvh^ anymore Not to hinder ‘or other wage$ or allowances, whidh’ (hall be agrecaupon, far the payment irking before dr after the hours of work limited or appodatod, geflorwo^ or Mhlitedor appointed as aforefaid. '* ' *r ■ ing before of * IX'. Provided alfb,' That it;(batl airt may be lawful far any aherthe hours perfon aggrieved by any order or orders to be made feyfofytfoo limited.	more juftices of the peace, as aforefaid, to appeal to the* j»-

quartcr-fef- 1^ces °f peace affembied at thfe nixt-geflefal qturter^fcfiorit ?ions,whofliail to be holden for the city, divifion, "parilh or place wtiere fbch finely dqtejr- order (hall be made,* giving fix days notice of fuch appeal^-and j^ii)^;aiwtmay fuch juftices in fuch general quarter-fefiioRS, fhaji finally bear awaLdcplts. .attd Pennine ^he matter, and (hallrhaaej>ower ta award rah dbnable cofts to either party, as to them raatf Teem	'

Per/bns (uffer—’< X. Provided alfdV That any perfon convidfed of any ofiefice 4^ry t^- ^^jgainft this a61, and who (haft (offer forihefame aooordijigty, othemiknot be orhorw*^ puniflted, brfufferfor ftich offmeebyai^ piflkd’, ^^‘ithority ofhfty laWftow in force. ’ *	*•[ ' 4 '	•'

*	^ r ’ ’n ,,f *' CAP. XtVr{ • *:< : ,l 3c-?

^	’ ,M ;An aft for continuing the duties granted by feveral afts made m fife forth

~ 7 '	‘	i >: and tenth years- of: h^r late Majefty’s reign, foKrepairifcg tfaeWld

.m. .. .ii j;.: Ji and k^y 0f Watohett ij& the. county of Somerfet. *f	-\	.	~*r

'The duties payable by the private afts 6* Ann. c. S Jtjnd to Ann. c. ix, -continued tor *i* years longer. - This aft (hall ndt makiM&td'ltlte duties jpayable by the laid aft for repairing the key, after ffte expiration of the -$) yeyrs thereby grated;,	'	/

. CAP. XV. -	.	-	.

... i	for maklitg die rivers Mercy and Irvv^U i^i^abWjftMWliferpocrfe

to hrjaneijeher, in the county palatine ot X^mcafter. ...

•Undertakers appointed far making the rivers Mercy and irwett navi^abie

from LiverpoQle to Mancheftejr. Undertakers may (hour.enlarge or fipen * ‘ *en the rivers, maW new cuts, See. take away trees, &L'	b!	/

fiucM,' &c. and alter the feme; may alter bridges, turn highway . down mills, wears, See. may make towiiig paths. See. PM faftion to the owners. Commiflioners appointed for determining < ces between the undertakers and proprietors. Undertaker? qr o^eesdif-"fatisfied with their determination, or perfons on notice given h^t^hng io ti*eiit, or who through any difability cannot, or’by ahten^e,' exdejjTfn attending the parliament, commiflioners (halt ifltie their warnutt>6 five foe-r*iF of the county, (or impanelling a jury. Jury to enquire of and affipfe damages. ComipiiTioners to give judgment for the (urns fo ^felted. Cpf*-rrtiliioners not to aft if concerned, or have hot icq 1. per annum. $jyicjv takers (hall notraife the water fo as to himler tbh working 6$ cbm nnfik, , kc. Coals, &c, to pay a duty not exceeding 3V. 4'd. per tun*: Ctttifefc (iopers dying qx refining to act; any thirtccd oiltlic ftfmtpri:

.	v	'	*	itTwrs*'

* \ •

Digitized by CjOOQle

IT***] Anao fepthno Georgh I* ftat.r. c. 16,17.

adMo. Boitite&ftir) fco. anfirqiblc for damage# done by his boat or crew. The (aid riversfhall be efteemed navigable from Liverpoole to Man-chefter, and free for all the King's fubjefts, paying the duties. Owners of adjoining lands may ufe pleafure-bodts. Locks (hall be opened on demand for pfouure-boats, to ■ i

CAP. XVI.

Ap ift for the better ptvfemng and keeping in repair the piers of the town and port of W,bitby in the county‘of yorkj and for explaining and making more etfeaual the feveral alts palled for lengthening a&4 repairing the piers of Bridlipgton qlias Burlington in the faid county..

'AftfK* May the .duties mentioned ip jhe private afts i Ann-Hat. i. c. 10. md 7 And, c.i. f^aU be paid to the truftees, for ever, for preferv-ing yVhitby Piers iir repairs, viz. For every chalder of coals, fix pence. ’And for every weigh of fait landed at Whitby, two fhillings. And for every quarter of malt, porn and grain, four pence. Aqd for all foreign gopds *$mpdrted in £hglifh bottoms, three pence per tun. And all foreign bottoms importing fuch goods, fix pence per tun.' And for all butter mipt off from Whitby, one penny per firkin. For dried fifh and mud fifh fhipt off froftk Whitby, ope penny ger fcore. For barrelled filb per barrel three pence* For every J&glifti ffeip which fhaU enter wi&in the piers, one-fliil-ling \ and for every top of fuch (hip, four pence. And all foreign (hips, two dulling* j and for every top, four pence. Truftees may appoint collectors, and allow them a falary, not exceeding n d. in the pound. Money .^ollefted to be employed in repairing the piers, to On extraordinary oc-cafio/is, truftees may mortgage the duties, and the money borrowed to be impleyed in repairing the piers. Truftees dying or refufing to aft, the fur-.yivor? may others. Not above ten truftees at a time, and the of 'the'manor to be one. Throwing ballaft, Sec. into the harbour, tru^ees may fine the offenders not exceeding 40 s. The truftees ofjtjeo. 1. c. ip.

• lor pattingekecuHon the a^h forlengthhifig artd repairingthe piers of Burlington, may fell the duties, or grant any annuity oiit oFthehi, for the rendu# of the rerro*, (fubjeft to the repayment of 5500!. ailjiady borrowed) and the money arifing by fiich fale or, grant, to be applfed towards fimfhing the piers.	o'*	■	*	’	:	•

-	cap.	xvn.

Ail aft for iqxking navigable the river Dane from Northwicn, where \t iotns to the river Weaver, to the falling in of Wheelock-Brook, and Wheelock-Bfook up to Wh^lock-Bridge in the county of Chefter.

Undertakers and truftees appointed for making the river Daven and Wheelock-Brook navigable from Northwich to Wheelock-Bridge. Undertakers may clear, enlarge, Sec. the river, and make new cuts, to in any per-fons grounds. Firft giving fatisfaftion to the owners. Commiflioners appointed for fettling differences between the undertakers and proprietors. (Jndertakenr or others diflatisfied with fuch determination, or perfons having ten days notice, and refuting to treat with the undertakers, or who through any difability cannot, the commiflioners fhall iflue their warrant to the fheriff of Chefter for returning a jury. May order the jury to view the place. Jury to enquire of and aflefs tne damages. Commiffioners tp give judgment for the Turns fo aflefled, and finally determine all contro-verfies. Commiflioners to have 1001. per annum in Chefhire. Cominifiion-ers dying or refufing to aft, the furvivors, or any feven to appoint new ones. Undertakers may take 1 s. 6 d. per tun for all goods, carried on the river rill the charges of making it navigable are fatisfied, and afterwards pot above 9d. per tun. Matters of barges, Scc. anfwerable for any mif-cbief done by their barges or crew. Owners or occupiers of adjoining lands may ufe pleafure boats without paying any duty. The river to be deemed navigable, and free for all the lung s fubjefts, paying the duties. Owners, Sec. of lands within five miles, not to pay duty for dung, to Af-Jer the work fhall be finifbed, undertakers may retain, out ot the clear produce of the duties, any fum6 by them.advanced. Undertakers may borrow any fums as the commiflioners, or any nine fhall think neceflary, for

Digitized by

AonpfeptinftGiQXfini jbtii	{tfta

produce after the work is fioi&ed. After the work hotted* ami charfts and monies borrowed repaid* the duties lull be employed to repair tbt publick bridges* See. in Cheflbire, as the quarter-fertons (hail diroft. TSo ■web of the duties* as the quarter-feffioas (hall yearly appoint* fhafi hm employed m repairing the highways leading to the (aid fiver* Sec. Thefar-plus of the tonnage to be employed iiv amending other highways is tbo pud county. Undertaker* dying or refuting to aft, the compifiontri or any thirteen* (hall at tbeir yearly affembly appoint others. Undertakers not hnithing the undertaking in five yeaps, the commi/Eoners* or any thirteen* may appoint others.

cap. xvm.

An aft for enlarging the term granted by an aft pafffcd in the tenth year of the reign of her late Majeffy Queen Anne* intituled* Am m& far rtf air-tor tbe rood from Higf'gote Gotebouft in the county £ MifdUfrx* to Barnet Btockhoufe in tbe county of Hertford; and for repairing the road leading from the Bear-Inn in Hadley, to the fign of the Angel in Enfield Chafe in the (aid county of Middlesex.

The powers* penalties* &c. in the private aft to Ann. c. y continued for feventeen years from the expiration thereof* as weU far the purpofcs in that aft* as for repairing the additional roads. Qmrianed by 9 Geo. a. •c.39.	-

XIX.

An aft for continuing an aft made in the Cxth year of the reign o( her late Mmefty Queen Anne, intituled. An 08 for rebmrma a nd esetaegum tbe

highways between tbe top of Kingjcknvn HtU and tbe oh of Both j andaBe jeveraf highways leading to and through tbe fold cityi and me cleanfag, having, and lightning the firtets, and regulating the chairmen dWr/* ana for

explaining and making the faid aft more effeftua).

Tbe private aft of 6 Ann. c. 1. and aU the gopars, duties* forfeiture*, he.

therein contained, continued for si years* from i-Wtoy Sf**« AficriMqr 17*1. fix of the jufoces of Wilts, fiomerfet and “ath, \ lavm

fisfaftion to be made to the ovtner* asthree neighbouring jflfatftitt de-

e )U

Bath, impowered to put fhe former aad this aft in e^eoipon.. may make drains, ereft arches, foe. on the contiguous grpondk finch A-

r. On.

Survey on

termine.

Owners neglcfting to fcour their ditcher (uiweyorsmay feoor the fame* and levy t^e charge on the owners* Afters May l7£?» chair-then In Bath (hall keep fuch (lands as the mayor' &. djfift, UB P^lfy Qf ten (hillings. Continued by \% Geo. a* c. ‘

CAP.

Digitized by CjOOQle

Amo feptimo Geokgct I. ftat.r. c. 20r	331

GAP. 3UC.

. yjft <*<# /or continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, to raifi money by may of a lottery, for the fervice of the year one tboqfand feven hundred twenty one j and for transferring the	dfficienfy of a late mall-a3 to the land-

tax for the	faid year \and for difpojing	certain overplus

money to proper objelb of charity •, and for giving further . time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contrails ', and touching fmall

ftantities of cyder exported \ and for relief of captain John erry concerning Daggenham Breach 5 and touching bills, tickets or orders; and concerning the duty of fmall pieces of plate; and to enable the undertakers for raifing Thames Water in York-Buildings to fell annuities by may of a lottery ; and for fatisfying a debt, which was charged on the late duty on hyps Mid for appropriating the monies granted in this feffion of parliament. EXP.

XXXII. A ND whereas in and by an alt in the twelfth Clsufefor JJ\ year of her late Majejly	Anne, intituled. An lief of capta*«»

a (ft for the fpeedy and effectual preserving the navigation of the deeming jriver of Thames, by (topping the breach in the levels of Haver- Daggtnhanj peg and Daggenham in the county of BJfex; and for afcertaining Breach,

£he cofl-tneafure,	feveralduties on coals and flipping were granted, «*Ann. ftat.fr

fnd truftees therein appointed to apply and difpofe of the fame to the ?•*?* flopping the faid breach, in	flub manner as they think mofl

■ convenient: and whereas on the twenty flxth day of January one	-

findfeven tundredandfifteen, the faid’nifties controlled with captain John Perryforflopping thefaid breach for thefilm oftwentyfive fand	pounds, and to maintain the fame for three years afteror in

‘tafe of accidents, to make good the istmagf; upon condition that fum was not fufficient, they would recommend him to parliament, and whereas the /aid John Perry hath efftfledemd performed thePaid work according to his contrail, the charge and expence whereof hath amounted to the fern of forty	thoufandfour hundred feventy two pounds eighteen

fillings ana 1sightpence threefarthings, of which Jum feveral ofthe creditors of the faid John Perry, to whom he is indebtedfor premiums, art ■willing to remit to the faid John Perry the fum of five thoufand nine hundred fixty feven pounds andfive fillings, which being dedulfcd put of the fame forty thoufand four hundred feventy two pounds eighteen fillings and eight pence three farthings, there will be pill wanting nine thoufand five hundred and five	thirteen	/hillings

and eight pence three farthings, over ana above the twenty five fand pounds agreed to be paid by the faid truftees to the faid John reny, to enable him to defray, the charge and expence of the faid work : and whereas feveral fecunty bonds have been entred into to jr he faid truftees for the repayment offeveral fums of money, in cafe ft faid John Perry fiould not have performed his faid contrail for

flopping the faid	breach, and alfofor maintaining the work for three

• '

Digitized by

Google

33?

Anno feptuno GeorqU I. ftati. c.20,

years after the fame Jhould beflopped: and fome doubts having ar'ifm about the commencement of the faid tbree yeon, be it therefore cn-a#ed by the authority aforefaid, That the ftid truftees be hereby impowered and required, out of the money collected or to be colJeSed by virtue of the faid adt, to pay and fatisfy to faid John Perry* his executors, adminiftrators or afligns, the further fura of fifteen thoiifand pounds: and it is hereby declared, That the three years for which the faid John Perry was or is to maintain the faid work, did commence from the nine* teenth day of July one thoufand fever* hundred and eighteen, being the day on which the breach was firft reported to be ftopt according to his contra#, the damage that hath finee happened being now fufficiently repaired ; any thing in the laid a# of the twelfth year of her late majefty Queen Anne to the contrary in any wile notwithftanding.

Claufe touching loft bills, tickets or orders. '

*

6 Geo. 1. c.15.	XXXIV. And whereas by an aft of parliament made m the

Claufe cob- fefRons of this prefent parliament for laying a duty upon wrought duty of fmall P*ater an&forother purpefes therein mentioned} it wasamangfi other pieces of plate, things enafted, That there Jhopld be reiftd* levied, colkfted* anfwrtd and paid, unto and for the ufi of his Mafijly* bis heirs anifiuajfors for everffubjeft neverthclefs to fuch redemption as is therein mentioned) for and upon all filver plate which Jhould be made or wrought in Great Britain, or which at any time or times from and after the firjl day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty Jhould or ought to by touched\ ajfayed or marked in Great Britain, as the faid aft iirtfts* a duty after the rate of fix pence for every ounce Troy weight* and proportioriably for any greater or lejfer quantity, to be paid by the maker or makers thereof refpeftivefy, and to be fecured to be paid in fuch manner and form as in and by the faid eft is preferred in the* behalf: and whereas fome doubts have arifen, whether the find duty ought to be paid for fuch pieces of filver plate which are fo fmall and minute, as either not to be capable of being touched, ajfayed or marked* or of fo fmall a value as not to be worth the trouble and expence of being fo: therefore for the better explaining of the fmd adfc, and alcertainipg of the faid duty, be it declared and ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That manufactures of filver, the filver whereof refpeftivejy, when made, wrought, finilhed, joined and completed, toand for the refpe#ive ufes and purpofes for which fuch manufactures refpedtively are intended, (hall \>e left,than or upder the weight of three penny weight (other than and except handles, hafts, fpoons, thimbles, buckles, ciafps of buttons, made of filver only, or whereof the greateftpaitfe or (hall be of filver) are not intended to be charged wifls: th$ faid duty; apd that the officers for the faid duty, from and after the firft day of July opd thoufand (even hundred and twenty one, (hall not be obliged to take any account, or to make any return or report of fuch minute and fmall manufactures of,13w (except before excepted ;) any thing in the faid a# contained to thereof ip any wife potwithftandin^ _ ...

Digitized by Google

m

*720.3 Anno leptimo GtoRGii I. ftat.i. c. 20.

CUnife to enable the undertaker* for railing Thames water in York-buildings, to fell annuities by way of a lottery*

XXXVI.	And whereas it hath been thought nece/faryfor the fir- Claufe for al-vice of the publicity That the lord treafurer or commiffioners of the lowance* to treafury for the time being /hall be impowered to make allowances to Ircc^lv^5 of the feveral receivers gerteral of the land-taxes and duties on houfes, ^^'tax mof~ for their extraordinary charges in bringings remitting and paying into

the exchequer the money, over and above the poundage allowable by the refpeftive afts of parliament for the faid taxes and duties, upon reports made to them by the proper officers for that purpofe: be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the lords commit fioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now be-* ing, or the lord high treafurer, or any three or more of the corti-miffioners of the treafury for the time being, be impowered, and they are hereby impowered to caufe fuch fums of money as ho or they, upon due confideration of fuch reports made or to be made by the proper officers for that purpofe, (hall judge to be juft and reafonable to be paid or allowed from time to time to fuch perfons as have been, or are, or (hall be receivers, their fureties, executors, adminiftrators or affigns refpectively, as well for the time pad as for the future, out of any overplus monies arifen or to arife by any land-tax granted or to be granted, and which doth or (hall remain after difcharging all the principal and intereft-moniesand other payments charged or to be charged thereupon by authority of parliament, and not otherwife 5 any former law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVII.	And whereas there remains unpaid of the principal mo* Claufe for fa-nits which were lent upon the duties on hops, as part of the fum not tisfyinga debt exceeding one hundred and eighty thoufand pounds, which was out bo* ^cl^ai ^ rixed to be borrowed thereupon at an interef after the rate of fix jate futyon pounds per centum per annum, the fum of eight thoufand five bun- hop*.

ired and ninety pounds fixteen /hillings and eight pence half penny, and fuch inter eft is due for the fame for feveral years paft: and where* as there remains in the exchequer t he fum of one thoufand one hundred fixty eight pounds eight /hillings and five pence halfpenny, towards fa* tisfying the faid fum of eight thoufand five hundred and ninety pounds fixteen /hillings and eight pence halfpenny; and the growing duties on hops have been made part of the fund, called the aggregate fund, the overplus whereof is difpofable only for publick ides, directed or to be direfled by parliament: now to the end that the faid fum of eight thoufand five hundred and ninety pounds fixteen (hillings and eight pence halfpenny, and the intereft thereof, may be juftly fatisfied, and that a ftop may be put to the growing intereft at the faid rate, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That the faid fum of one thouland one hundred (ixty eight pounds eight (hillings and five pence halfpenny, with fo much of the faid overplus monies, a9 together (hall be fofficient to difeharge the faid fum of eig^t thoufand five hundred and ninety pounds fixteen (hillings and eight pence halfpenny, and all the intereft incurred or to grow due thereupon, (hall be iflued and

applied

Digitized by

Google

Anno fcptimo Georgii I. ftat.t. fc.io; (17105

applied thereunto upon the proper orders inf courier wherdbfc the faid principal and imercft are due; any daufe, matter qi thing in this a<3, or iny other larw of (bftute whatfoevetf* to the contrary notwithftandihg.

Appropriation XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enafied by the autlMV ©■the money nty aforefaid, That all, the monies lent and to be lent to hit leffion thU	upon one ad of this feflion of parliament, intituled,

7	Geo.* 1. ftat. dn aft for granting an aid to his Mayfly by a land-tax to he rmfed ». C.4I * in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand/even hundred twenty and one, and So much money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted, as (hall arift and remain artfcf all the loans made of to be made on the ad la(t mentioned, add an the loan* by this ad transferred or direded to be transferred to the regifler for the (aid land-fax, and the intereft of the (aid fertfd and rr-fpedive loans, arid the charges allowable for rauftig the faid land-tart,' (hall be (atisfied, or money fiifficient ftiaflbe referred irt the exchequer to difeharge the fame; aryd all the monies td tie raifed by Way of a lottery of otherwife, by vrrtirf of fhhpre-ftnt ad, and fo much of die duties upon malt, atom, cyder ahd perry, by this ad granted of continued,* as (hell arHe and remain (if arry fuch be) after all the payments hereby direded to be made upon certificates, as well for the fortunate »the unfortunate tickets above mentioned, and the charges by this ad allowable for the execution thereof, (hall be fatisfied,* tar tnadM diffident (hall be referred to difeharge the fame, fhaflhe apprd* priated and applied; and are hereby appropriated fbtfrtJ towaflrdS? the feveral ufes, intents arid purpofes herein exprefSft, (hbffcdf neverthelefs to fuch reftridions as are herein after ^rtferiDed, that is to fay;	1

i».7931193. XXXIX. It is hereby Cnaded and declared, That out of atf and 10d. aud or any Gf aids or fUppHes provided as aford*aid thdre (hall Srtso?^ben-an<* may ^ *^ue(l ant^ applied any fum not exceeding dehtp ny, to make " two thoufand feven hundred ninety three pounds nineteen tnil-^ lings and ten pence and feven tenth parts of a penny; to tnafc<

fjood the deficiency of the fund, commonly called the general und, fot railing feven hundred twenty four thoufand eight frail* dred forty nine pounds fix (hillings and ten ptence and onefiftli part of a penny per annum, for the year ended ^AASthathnas on& thoufand feven hundred and twenty.

XL. And it is hereby ena&ed and declared. That out of Xltf or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid there flfaft of may be iflued or applied any fum and Aims df ceeding feven hundred thirty nine thoufand forty and fourteen fhiIRngs, for or towards defraying the chiral the

ordinary of bis Majefty’s navy, and for half-pay td;1baMo_-___r

and for or towards victual, wages, wear and tear of	ttthrjrj

end the victualling thereof performed and td be pCi fortneid / mmi for or towards fea-fervices in the office of the ordnanee p&ftftxh-ed and to be performed, and other fervices pf the natfy pier-, formed and to be performed ; ahd any further fum and ra«» dF money not exceeding fifty thoufand two handled pounds,* ft#

good the ( Serai t una

For naval fer-vicct.

Digitized by ooQLe

1^20.} Annofcptimo Gfc&HGH L ftatt.i. c. 20.	jj$

er towards extraordinary repairs of his Majefty’s navy perfumed and to be performed.

XLI. And it is hereby allb enafted, Tliat out of aU or any For the oriU ©f the aids or fupplies provided as afbrdaid there (hall or may be iflued and applied any film or films of money npt exceed-1 -4crVi®e** mg ninety three thoufand one hundred fixty eight pounds thirteen (hillings and eleven pence, for defraying the charge of the office of. his Majefty’s ordnance forland-fervices performed and to be performed, and for or towards defraying feveral extraordinary expellees of the office of ordnance for land-fervices in the yearone thoufand feven hundred andtwenty, not provided for by parliament.

XLIL And it is hereby liJtewife enabled. That out of all or for the ***** any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid there (hall or may forces* be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding hi the whole the fum of eight hundred thirty two thoafand one hundred feventy four pounds four (hillings and eight pence halfpenny, for or towards maintaining hi$ Majefty’s land-forces and other fervkes herein after more particularly exprefled, that is to fay, any fata not exceeding five hundred fixty (even thoufand feventy pounds three (tunings and four pence, for de+ fraying the charge of fourteen thoufand two hundred nine* ty four effective men (including commiffion and non-com-* mlfiion officers and invalids) for guards, garrifons and other his Majefty’s land-forces m Great Britain, Jerfey and Guemfey^ and ether fervices relating to the forces for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one; and any fum and fums of mo* ney not exceeding one hundred fifty thoufand feven hundred forty three pounds thirteen (hillings and four pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majefty’s forces and garrifons in the planta-tk>n9, Minorca and Gibraltar,, and for provifions for the garri-foas at Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one; and any fum and fums 6f money not. exceeding fifteen thoafand two hundred feventy eight pounds eight (hillings and nine pence, upon account of	*	*

out-penfioners of Chelfea Hofpital for the year onethoufand feven hundred and twenty one$ and any fum and fums of money not exceeding four thoufand five hundred eighty one pounds nineteen (hillings and three pence, for defraying feverai extraordinary expences for the fervice of his Majefty’s land forces for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, not provided for by parliament; and any fum and fums of money not exceeding taeety four thoufand five hundred pounds, upon account of half-pay for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty 4de, to be paid to the reduced officers of his M^efty’s land-forces and marines: fabjelt nevertheless to filch rules to bt observed in the application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after prefaibed in that behalf.

aLIIL And k is hereby enafled. That out of the aids and 7*.®<*>1- for fupplies provided as aforefaid any fum or fums of money^not ^weeding feventy two thoufand pounds (ball and may be ifliied me.n^w^u"

and Sweden.



Digitized by

Google

2i*

*J>9J5 >•/<>* two Turkey fhips to be burnt to prevent infection

The faid /applies to be ap plied to no other ufes.

For the com-miflioners of afmy accounts.

Rules to be obferved in the application of the half-pay.

Anno feptifno GeorciI I, ftat.1. c. 20.

and applied for making good the engagements which his Mage-tty hath entred into with the crown of Sweden; and any fum or Turns not exceeding twenty three thoufarid nine hundred . thirty five pounds, to be applied to the fatisfadton of the matters, owners and freighters of the (hips Briftd Merchant and Turkey Merchant y which are intended to be burnt or destroyed for prefervation of his Majefty’s fubjedts againtt infection.

XLIV. And be it ena&ed, That the (aid aids or fupplies pro-’ vided as aforefaid (hall not be iflbed or applied to any ufe* un-tent or purpofe whatfoever, other than the ufes and purposes before-mentioned.

XLV. Provided always, That fuch Turns as by and in purfb-* ance of any other act or ads of parliament are or (haifj^e due or payable to any commifiioners for taking, examining, /hiring and determining the debts due to the army, /or their (alaries, or fof their clerks, or other incident charges, (hall os may be paid out of the aids or fupplies aforefaid, or any of them; any thine herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVL And as to the faid fum.of ninety four thoufand five hundred pounds by this ad appropriated on account of half-pay as aforefaid, it is hereby enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the rules herein after prefcribed /hall be duly obferved in the application thereof; that is to fay.

That no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor under the age of fixteen years at the dose when the regiment, troop or company in which he ferved was reduced.

That no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfons who did adual fcrvice in fome regiment, troop or company.

That no perfon haying any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Msyefty, (hall have or receivo any part of the half-pay.

That no chaplain or any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiattical benefice, or other preferment in Great Britain, or Ireland, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay.

That no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame who hath refigned his eommifiion, and has had no commiffion fince*

. That no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any perfons, by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons who would have been otherwife entitled to the fame, as reduced officers.	*

And that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any of th* officers of the five regiments of dragoons and weight regiments of foot lately diibanded in Ireland, except to fueb s# were lately taken off the ettabli(hmcnt of half-pay in Great Jkkdin* ' ?

CAP.

Digitized by Google



ii^zbrt Anno fcpdtno GEBftOirL	c.zi.	in

* 'M,ifcAP. xxi:/ ,	‘.

> A* aft for the further prfottaingjhis, Majefiy's

trading to the 'Eait-4ndies under foreign cemmiffions \ >and for encouraging and'furtherfecuring the lawful trade thereto ; and forfurtber regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal, and the ifle of'ffi&nzt.

iHERE A S it is of ■ importance to the welfare of this ting- Farther . den, That the. trade, to and froth, the Eaft-Indies, OS tbifons concerning fame is pm regulated, be tarried oh in fuch manner, as tbat the Bri-th* mfjiteri m ►tifh nation my bam and enjoy the full fruits And advantages thereof: mod whereas by virtue ef ftveral aQs, of, parliament mod letters pa- \ & io W. 3:

,tents the whole trade toand from the taft-Indics and other' places c. 44-beyaud'Jht'Cvpt of good Hope, in the faid aQs and letters patents 6 ^"^Vs mentioned, is now fikly vefted in the patted company of merchants of *	‘ £ a i.

England trading to. the EuA^lndks i mtwitbftanding which, and5 notwitbjlanding the prohibitions, tnjtm&vms and penalties contain-td in fuch ads and letters patents for fecuring the faid trade to . the find oompany,ftveral evil-minded <perfons, fubje&s of bis . Majefty, preferring their own private gain to the good of their country, have not only clandeftinely, and without any authority from t the faid company, trafficked and traded to and from the Eaftrlndies,

. but. have aljbi by colour or upon pretence of cmmijfwis obtained from foreign governments* Openly and publickly, in defiance of the faid laws} and in.contempt ef bis Majefiy's authority, fitted out* manned and loaded great and deferable Jhips, and have fent out the fame ,or failed ^therewith to the Eaftrlndies and,parts aforefaid, and have prevailed.upon ftveral BritUfr fieamen, and other fubjefts of his Major fly, to ferae on board the faid flnps and to engage in the fame undertaking, to the diminution of his Majefty* s. revenue and of the naval force and commerce of this kingdom: now to the intent that fuch .wicked, mifehievous and definitive pradtices may bo prevented for thefuture, and that the trade aforefaid may be more effectually guarded and fuctofsfully carried on : be it enaSed by the Xing’a«oft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content* of the lords fpiritoal and temporal and commons, in parliament aftonbled, and by the authority of the fame. That if at any time from and after the four and twentieth day of June af*er which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hun- anyofhisMa-dred and twenty one, any of his Majefiy’s fubjeefts ft>ali (ail, go jetty’s fubje&s or repair to, or (hall trade, traffick or adventure in, to or from (ball go or the Eaft-Indies or parts aforefaid, contrary to the laws now in	to or

being, or oontrary to the tenor of this a<ft, in every lufch colt	c0n-

k {hall and may be lawful, either for his Majefty's attorney ge- trary to law,, neral for the time being, or for the faid united company, at any the attorney . time within the fpaceof lix years, to file or exhibit, in any one general, &c. of his Majefty Ycourts of record at IVejlminfter, one or more m- SaTycamfile formation or informations againft fuch offender or offenders for an informa- . the offence by him or them committed; and if the party or non againti parties, defendant or defendants, to fuch information or infor- f|ich ortender,

Vol. XIV.

Z

mations.

who, if con-

Digitized by L,ooQle

3 j8	Aono fepcimo Goasan I. fbc.t. €-*1*. '	[17*0

sifted, than (nations (hall, by due couidc of layv»,appear or be fdnad to be be fined and guilty thereof, in the court where fuch information or informa-the'difcrrtion ’tions Akall be fo filed or exhibited, (hall forthwith proceed© of the court; give, judgment againft the defendant .and defendants, by fuch but if acquit- .fine aod imprifonmenf, or either of them, as the laid court (bail full’ have think and (ball alfo award the profecutor or profecutorr his tuu con*. anj their full coftsof fuit; but in cafe the laid defendant or defendants (hall be, upon any information exhibited by the laid company, acquitted or found Not guilty, in fuch caie tbe fold company (hall pay fuch defendant or defendants his or their full cofts.

Alter t*. June II. And it is hereby further declared and cnaded by theau-*7*'» a>‘ con- tbority aforefaid, That all contracts andagreemeats whatfoevs, ** anT time from and after the (aid four and twentieth day of bottomry on 7um 008 thos^fand (even hundred and twenty one, made or en-aay foreigners tred into by any of his Majefty’s fubjc&s, or any perfon or per-fiiip* bound fons in truft for them, for or upon the loan of any monies for tbe Eaft- way bottomry on any (hip or (hips in the fcrvice erf fo-for loading reigners, and bound or defigned to trade in tbe Eafi-InSti or fuch Ihiptsfand parts afordaidj and all cootrads and agreements whatsoever all copartner- made by any of his Majefty’s fubjefts, or any perfon or perforn ^reemtnts for 'n *rB^' f°r ^ero, ft* tbe loading or fup plying any fuch thip or wTg«,'dedar- fh*P* with a cargo or lading of any (brt of goods, merchandize, cd void. treafure or efieas, or with any provifioos, ftorcs or necefiarics, and all copartncrlhipsor agreements in the nature of copsrtner-(hips, made or entred into, relating to any fuch voyage or the profits thereof, and all agreements for the wages of any perfon -or peribns fervmg on board fuch (hip or (hips to beempioyedm hich voyage, (hall be and are hereby declared to be vend. .

Any of his HI* And itis hereby further ena&ed aod declared. That every Majefty’s fob-perfon and peribns, fubjeft and fobjeds, of his Majeffy, his heirs I*®* rePaj.ring or fuccefibrs, who (hall at any time or times from an afier the Indin contra- faid four and twentieth day of June one theufand (even hundred rv to the laws] *nd twenty one fail, go or repair to the faid Eafi-htdits or planes ftiall be deem- aforefaid, contrary to the laws now in being, (hall be deemed td a trader, sod accounted to be a trader, and to have traded and ftafficfced and aU &oods there* and all the goods and merchandizes that (hall be there (hall be for- Vbartered or trafficked for, or be purchafed by any foch offender felted. or offenders, or (hall be found in his cuAody, or in the cvrftody of any other perfon or perfons by his, or their order or procurement, (hall be forfeited, together with double the value thereof.

All goods IV. And k is hereby further enabled by the authority aiore-tfth'T,ft!?r	^hat	and every the goods, merchandize, treafure and.

u««, or taken	that	(hall at any time or times from and alter the fold

out of (hips four and twentieth day of Jmu one thoofand (even hundred,and coming from twenty one be (hipped or put on bo aod any drip or (hips, vefiei ^(except or vertels, bound to the Eafi Ind or parts aforefaid (othcrjthan com iimy, or Bt>d except the goods, merchandize, WuafUre and effs&s of the licenied by feid company, or fuch as are licenfed by them, or the naval them) forfeit, (lores, provifioos and neceflarks for fuch (hip or (hips performing

Digitized by Google

Anfto JbjJtfttio Geoaoii L ftatr. c.ti.	339

ing their voyage) and.'all and ere ryth* goods, merchandise, ed, together treaftlre and effe&s (except as before iscsocpted) that (hath from w'th "oubl® tind after the time sforefaid, be taken out of any fuch (hip or value* voffel in -her voyage homeward from the	or	-	pasts a-

dbrefaid	to England,before her pnrival there, the fame and every .

of them thall be forfeited, together with double the value there*

■of; and the matter or oommander, and other officers of inch Mailers of fttip or Chips, veflW orvefleis, for the time being, knowingly per- £uc£ P*to twitting or Altering *ny fach goods, merchandize, treafare or^;^1;®00^.

9 co be (hipped of put on board any fuch (hip or (hips fo wages, &c. bound to the Eajt-/ndies*ortobc takenout of any fuch (hip or (hips "bound ffom the Baft Indies or parts aforefaid to England* (hall "ftrfeit for every fuch offence the fuoi of one thou&od pounds,

*rid moreover (half not be entitled - to have, demand or receive -any w&ges whatsoever; nor (hail the faid company be obliged tor compelled or com poHible to pay any wages to, or to the ufe tsr upon the account of any fach matter, commander or officer,

#br or in refpeft of the voyage fo nude or to be made by fuch mafter, commander or officer, hut (halt have an allowance or -dedu&ion m refpedt thereof out of the monies payable by them on account of the (hip to which fuch mafter or officers belong.

V. But forafmuch as it happens many times* that the above-men- Attorney ge-*firmed ilkgal trade is tarried on and managed fo artfully and covertly* nerai mav ex-; fbatihefaid united company cannot come to the knowledge and proofs*1 a bill ot of the fame* and at mofteannot afeertain the quantities* qualities and ^^xchequer 'Values of the goods** merchandize* treafure and effe&s fo traded for* againitfuch as nor th&efore obtain any fatisfaflion or compilation for the damages trade, &c. to by tbem'fuftainei* to their great lofs and detriment* and to the great theEaft-Indies tftitM&fiftrm therrforeitis pro-vided arid further ens&ed by the authority aforeaid. That it t0 law or a* fhatl and may be lawful to and for his Majtfty’s attorney gene- gainft their ril for the time befog, at the relation of the faid company, or agent*. See. ty his own authority, to exhibit a foil or foils of complaint in ot'Vuchu'd^

’ ms Majefty’s court of exchequer againft any perfon or perfons &c. an<j trading, dealing, trafficking or adventuring, at any time from waiving the and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thoufand feven penaltie*, Sco, hundred -and twenty one, in, to or from the	or

placet aforefaid, contrary -to law, or ogainft any perfon or per-fbris concerned as agent, fador or copartner with fuch illegal traders, for dtfeovery of fuch their trading, dealing, trafficking . and adventuring, and for recovery of fuch duties and damage as are herein after mentioned, waiving or declaiming in every 'finffi foil all the penalties and forfeitures incurred by fuch perfon or perfons for the matters in fuch bill contained; and that ftich perfon,

' perfon or perfons (hall anfwer the faid bill or bills, and not plead of demur to the difebvety thereby fought, and pay to his 1 jefty the cuftoms and duties of thegood6 and merchandize arifing, the foidtoHs,

' produced or purchafed by the (aid unlawful trade, traffick or and p*y the •"adventuring, end Audi anfwer and pay to the faid company for Cttft6m*» **•

^ the fame thirty pounds per ctntum according to the value there- .

: of in England-,and if fuch offender or ottepders pay thefoid 1 -■■■	2,	z	duties

Digitized by v^ooQle

340	Anno	fcpdmo	Geokgii	L flat.!. c.M. ^1720.

duties and cuftoms, or die amount of the fane, into his Maje-fty's exchequer for thenfe of his Majefty, and damages to the faid company, he or they fhall not Jbe^profecuted upon any ottar branch or article in this alt, or upon any other law or ftatute whatfoever, for the fame offence; and if fuch bill or bills (if exhibited at the relation of the faid company) be difrnifled by the court where the feme (hall be exhibited, the laid unitwkpoiia-pany fhall pay every fuch defendant and defendants bis and thpjr tSofts to be cofts of fuit; and in cafe there be a decree obtained againft the paifl by either defendant or defendants, fuch defendant or defendants ihall pay ”de*	cofts to his Majefty and the relator refpectively.

Forfeitures VI. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afort-appointed by ,feid, That all and every the forfeitures and penalties herein be-th& 1 o WF by f01® appointed and.ena&ed, or which are appointed or enacted c.44.0	*3 in an« by one aeft made in the ninth year of the reign of his

6 Ann. c. 3. late majefty King William, intituled. An ail far raifing a firm nap and 5 Geo. 1. .exceeding two millions upon a fund for payment of annuities after

covered b*”’ i^i rate °f	ccntuai	P®**	annum, and far fettling

b?ll,r&c. one	irat^to	£aft-Indies; or in and by one other aid paade ip

third to the the fixth year of the reign of her late majcfty Queen Anne, i%-King, one tituled, An ail for better fecuring the duties of Eaft-India other to the or jn aruj ^ one other adt made in the hfth year of the reign of thrfemamlng bis prefent Majefty, intituled, An ail for tbe better fecuring the third to the 6 lawful trade of bis Majefty s fubjeHs to and from the Eaft-Indies;

and for the more effeHuai preventing all bis Majefly's fubjc&s trading tbither under foreign commijfions, (hail from and after, the laid four and twentieth day of June one thoufend feven hundred aqd twenty one, be fued for, recovered and recoverable in any, of s	his Majefly’s courts of record at Weftrmnjlery by bilj, plaint or

information, at the fuit or profecution of his Majefty’s attorney general for the time being, or of the faid united ccanpany, or of any officer or officers of the cuftoms, fuch officer or offioefs of the cuftoms firft taking fuch confent and directions as is or are contained in the provifo for that purpofe hereafter ; and that one third part of all luch forfeitures and penalties (hall be to die ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors; one other third part thereof to the ufe of the faid united company; and the remaining third part thereof to the ufe of fuch officer or officers ' of the cuftoms as (haU inform, and fo as afprefeid fue- for the fame; in which fuits or profecutions no efioin, wajjer of law dr protection (hall be alloyvqd, or any mpre than one imparlance Officer* not to VIL Provided neverthelefc, and it is hereby further enacted fue without and declared. That before any fuit or prpfecution (hall be coco-acquainting menced for the recovery of ajl or any the penalties or forfeitures direaorTwL) a^c)rc^d, by any fuch officer qr officers of the cuftoms* fuch if they chufe * officer orofficers (hall firft repair apd go to the court of dire&ofs yo fue its the of the faid. united company for the time being, and makeknown attorney ge- to them, the offeree committed, and his or their intentions to ^Ifpay fech ^uc Pro^ute f°r tbe feme; and if the faid court of dire&qrs officer* one lhab eleeft to have the fuit or profecution brought or cammed-quarter part ccd by bill or bills of Qdgiplaint, to be filed or exliibitedin f$e

court

officers of the cuftoms that fhall fue for the fame.

Digitized by LjOoq le

ijib'] Anno ftpfcimoGeoIIGIi L ftat.r. c.2t:	341

cburt of* exchetfuer, wifhTuch waiver and difclaimer of the pe- of the monies nalties and forfeitures, as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe fueh bill or bills of complaint (half be filed and exhibited, and profe- charges,other-cutSd accortfingly, in the name of the attorney general, as a- wife the offi-fiorefeid, and then and thereupon there (hall be yielded and paid cers (hall orb-by the (aid company t6'fuch officer or officers one quarter part (ecute.ananot of the monies that (hall be recovered upon fuch fuit, for	'

benefit of the faid company; and the ftid united company (hall confentof the moreover bear the charges of the faid fuit or profecution 5 but company, if the (aid court of directors (hall ele& to have the fuit or profecution commenced fof the penalties or forfeitures by informations or a&ions of debt at law, then the faid officer or officers ftfall Accordingly fue and prbfecute for the fame at law $ and the faid information or actions (hall be proceeded upon, and (hall , not be dHcontinued or determined, but by and with the content of the (aid united company, or their court of directors.	'

• VIH. Provided always. That this a<ft or any thing herein Not to extend Contained (hall not extend, or be conftrued, deemed or taken toto the Levant extend, to (bbjetft the governor and company of merchants of comPany* England trading into the Levant Seas, or any member thereof, to anfwer fuch bill, or fabje<ft him or them to any other the penalties and forfeitures hereby enadkd, for or in refpeeft of his or their trading into the Levant Seas; any thing herein contained to'the bontriry in arfy wife notwithftanding.'*

; IX. And it is farther eno&ed by the authority aforefaid. ThatAfter *4 Jun* from And'After the faid four and twentieth day of June one thou- J?*	of-

fend feven huhdfed and twenty one, no commodity of the ricd into Ire-" growth^ produtt or manufo&ure of the Eajl-Indies, or other land, Jerfey, ihe places aforefaid, (hall be imported or carried into the king-&c- except ddhi of Ireland^ the i (lands of Jerfey, Guemfey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or into any land, iftand, plantation, colony, territory GreatBritain, or place, to hft Majefty, of to the crown of Great Britain be- (hall be for-longihg, or which ft all hereafter belong to his Majefty, his feited, toge-heirs and Fueceflors, in Africa or America, but fuch only as (hall w^ch thc be bend fide^ and Without fraud, loaden and fhipt in Great Bri~.Amended by tain in (hips navigated according to the feveral and refpe&ive nGeo.i.c.is. laws now irf being, ai to the feveral places to which the faid goods (hall be Imported 6V carried, under the penalty of forfeiting all fuch goods, or the value thereof, together with the (hip or veflel in which they (hall be imported,"with ail her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition and apparel 3 and fuch (hip and goods (hdll and ihay be feizAd, and the fame, or the value there* of, fhall and may be profecuted in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weflmbfer, or in Dublin) or in any of his Maje* fty’s courts in fuch land, ifland, colony, territory or place where the offence fhall be corfimitted, or in the royal courts of Jerfey ; \ \	;

and Gberttfeytefpe£hvety, by bill, pldrnt bi information, where- 1 in' no effom, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor

Bmore1 than one imparlance; one moiety of which forfeiture How fecK fbr-1 be to!thebfe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and ^citare fh^ilbf thi	oiety fa him or them who (hall (eizc or foe fix the dirl*ofed

v ■ 5	%	3	feme	i

Digitized by

Google

34*

Anno feptimo Gkokgii I. JbLn C.aa.' {17101

fame ;• except fuch offence (hall be committed in any cfttshb* jelly’s plantations in Africa or	,	in which cafe one third

part of the laid forfeiture (hall be to the ufe of his Magcfty, his heirs and fucceflors, one other third pvt to the governor a£ fuch land, ifland, colony or (dace where the offence (hall be committed, and the other third part to the informer or prade-Officers of the cutor; any law, cuftom or ufage to die contrary notwkhibznd-curtoms con- jng.: and if any officer or officers of the ooiloms tn the (aid kiqg-importation^ ^om	Ireland.,or in the lands, iHands, colonies, plantations,

or delaying’ territories or places aforefaid, lhall willingly or knowingly con-: the proiccu- nive at the fraudulent, importation of any rash commodities aa rion, to for- ^ before-mentioned, contrary to the true meaning hereof; v be i^pjbTe if any fuch officer or officers (hall take upon him v them to of any office feist any of the (kid commodities, and Hull by fraud or coiio-under the fioo, deftft or delay the profecutkm thereof to cood carnation > crown. be or they lb conniving, defifong or delaying, (hall forfeit and lofe the fans of five hundred pounds, to be filed for and recovered in manner aforefaid; one moiety of which foefinturemba to the ufe of his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them who will inform and foe for the lame t and fuch officer or officers lhall aifo for the future be in* capable of holding any office or impioyment under hie Mayedy, his heirs and fucceflors.'

♦ & j W. & x. And whereas	by on ad faffed in the fourth of the ram

tfKing William and $um Miry, fir granting certain additional impofttions upon	goods and

for the profeeuting the wara France, the Jeooral duties rhargai by that ad upon anther headsanther	enrol bait, and fobfiad

coral, and trpen cowries, art to he repaid to the	exporting

the fame, if exported within thru yean from tie importation thereof, which ad is now in forte: and whereat by fittered other ads I'wXient now in force, the tint for exportation of fom foreign gaadf by Britifh merchants is limited to the /pace of twelve months, and of other foreign goods to the fpact of eighteen r or tbereahoour, from the times of the importation thereof: and whereas the themfig ■	.	exportation of Jmtforttgn goods, by aliens or merchant framers, if

limited to foe fpace of nine , and of othen to the fpau of fifteen	months, or thereabouts, from the times of importing the.Jama t

?eflAnn forafitmehas it bath been found by experience, that the jasd re~ iGoa/. ftat.*.	Jpedivt times of mne months, twelve months, fifteen months and

c. 4i, lift. f. eighteen months afire-mentioned,are too Jhort, and voty incomtmead to traders; and for as much affo as it will be for the benefit if trade of t his	kingdom,if the time given fir repaying or drowhog

hack the duties upon the exportation of all goods and xserebanduas of ,	his Afajeftfs plantations, and all other foreign goods and merchandiaaaa

J7a*rthree"6 whatfoever, be enlarged; be it therefopsfurther ecpa&pd by the years allowed authority aforefaid. That the refpedtive tinea for exportation vf for the expor- all* goods and merchandises of hisMajefty’s plantations, and ration <£ to- other foreign goods end merchandizes, as the feme am new 4a-ffiS "*«• H *°y V «• ]•*» to being, fhaUfrom andafev^fojj portaiion twenty fourth day of Jung one tboofeqd fcvfO- hundred sad

thereof.	twenty

1700.] i Anoo feptima Giokgii 1. flat. i. e.at.	343

twenty one, be attended and-enlarged, fo that in all cafes where repayments, allowances or drawbacks are made upon the expor-tati«»v of any goods and merchandizes of his Majefty’s plantations, and all other foreign goods and merchandizes imported, and afterwards exported, by virtue of any law now in force, all merchants and traders, bodies politick and corporations, (hall gull from thenceforth have and be-allowed three years time, fyom the importation of fuch goods, to export the fame, accounting fuch importation from the mailer’s report of the (hip j and all and every fuch merchant and merchants, trader and traders, bodies politick and corporations, (hall have the like repayments, allowances and drawbacks by and for fuch exportation, as if the (ame had been exported within the refpedive dates before-mentioned, or any other times limited by any law , now in being for that purpofe; fuch law, or any other law, rule, ,ndrathsfhaU quftom or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwitliftaniding: be made ac-Provided nevertbelefs, That certificates and oaths be made, and cording to the sill other requifites performed according to the laws now in being {*’?•now *tt relating to the importation and exportation of fuch goods.

XI.	And	whereasby the ftveral ails which granted the duties of />.,(•» for en.

fifteen per centum upon muflins	need while imported (which largingtothrre

4	8tare new-in fierce) the importers before the landing thereof, are to X**" tb« *»"»? give fecurity by bond for payment of the fold duties, as as the firn	Jball be fold, and	for cx/ofing the Jgoods to foe openly and iico|S( £j,d un_

fairly by way of auction or intb of candle, within the city of London, rated Eaft-In-tpithin the that of twelve meeiths after the importation	and	dia	good*,

n cafe the feed goods /hall, within the time limited, be fairly fold, as ** & 11 v” 3* qforefaid, and in cafe the importers /hall pay down the /aid duties	, j w.

w ready money, within twenty days after	fale, they, are to have c. u.

0* allowance after tie rate of fivt pounds for every one hundred 3 &+Ann.c.s. founds of duties fo paid: and whereas by alls of parliament6 4*^f\*** mow in forte fer	granting,continuing, and better fettering the duties **	**'

payable ed valorem upon unrated Eaft-India goods, for '	'	*

joining the values according to which fuch duties /hall be paid, the importer or importers thereof are, in like manner, to give fecurity by bondfor payment of the fold duties according to the real of the /did goods,to	be afeertained accordingto the refpedive oCls of parlia-

ment in that behalf made Concept tmee) as foon as the faid goods Jball, w. & M. be fold, and alfo for oupeying the Jaid goods to fale openly and fairly *. c. f.

byway of	cation, or, by inch of	candle, within the city of London, s w. $.

within the time of twelve months after the importation thereof, and c-IO-for as much at the refraining the faidmu/Iinf, white callicoes, <wi</1&lAnn-c-5’ unrated Eaft-India goods to be fold within twelve months from the importation thereof, may feme times be detrimental to the	;

that the enlarging the Jaid time of file will be for the benefit of the trade of-this fungdom: be it therefore enabled by the authority jfofetnd, Thatfor filch of the (aid goods as are at prefent imported, and unfold, or (ball, from and after the-faid four and twentieth day of June one thowfend fevfcn hundred and twenty one, be imported, the importer or importers thereof may, at my tiiao withM to* Jpam of three years from the, importation

Z4	of

Digitized by

Google

34*.

3 Sr 4 Ann. Claufe ter pealing fo much of a former af relates to, allows the porting o4 dy licence certificate

C Geo. t*

Anno feptimo Gt&KCli I.aftat. *• C«<rr; [tfrt T

of ftich refoeftive goods, expofe the fame t© file, and after ftk4S : file there (hall be allowed the like difeounts cai payments ofthtf' relpe&ive duties on Cuch goods, as if the feme had been experfed to fele within the time of twelve months, as before-mentioned, or any other time heretofore limited by law; and from and after the laid four and twentieth day of June one thoufend feveir hundred and twenty one,'*the condition of the bond or bonds to be given by the importers for payment of the find duties on the goods before-mentioned, (hall be to expofe the feme to fetor within the (pace of three years from the importation thereof; and the importer or importers of the (aid goods (ball be krttded to the fame difeounts, allowances, and payment of the duties . upon the feid goods, as if the fame had been fold within the faid time of twelve months; any law, ufege or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding. c. 4, XII And whereas by an aft paffed in the third year of the reign' re- of her late majefty §>ueen Anne, for confirming duties upon kw wines, anda/pon coffee, tea, chocolate, fpices and pictures ', and upon howl-* f* as ers, pedlars and petty chapmen, and upon muffins, and for granting cr new duties upon feveral of the faid commodities, and alfo upon callus, im- China ware and drugs*, it is enafted, That any perfbn or per? ft«a fens may import into this kingdom tea, fubjeft to the fewmrf or duties payable for the fame, from any parts beyond the Teas, irf Britifb (hips, navigated as therein mentioned, fo as notice be. firft given to the commilGoners of her Majefty’s enftoms of the quantity and quality of the feid tea fo intended to be imported* and the place in which they intend to import the fame, and taking a licence under the hands of the faid commiffioners for the time being, or any three of them, for the 4andmg and import^ ing thereof, as aforefaid, which aft hath been fince continued, and is now in force: and whereas the method of granting thole. licences, by an aft palled in .the laft fdfion of parliament, in-ilg tituled. An aft for preventing frauds and abufes in the pubtitk rr-\ venues of ex rife, cidlom, ftantp-duties, poft-office, and houft-monepi is altered and explained : and whereas under the colour of fiseft licences great frauds are committed, to the prejudice of his Ma-jelly’s revenue $ and forafmuch as ithath been found by expert-, encc, That the allowing the importation Of tea, by virtue hf fuch licences or certificates from Offend, andother places, not being the place of its growth, tends to promote die illegal trado carried on by his MajeftyYfubjefts to the Eaft-Indies underfed reign commiffioners, and in conjunction with foreigners; and i* very prejudicial to the trade and navigation of this kingdom ; For the preventing thereof, be itenafted by the authority afbrei faid, That from and after the faid four ahd twentieth day of June one thoufend feven'hundred and twenty one; fo much of the feid aft of the third year of her faid late Majefty, abdof the fevcral acts continuing the fable, and to touch of tne faid aft of his prefent Majefty which pad: the laift feflioris of plrHarrtefttjaod every other- ad: which relates to or allows of the impOrdng w# \>y lieta$£*£tertificate,a$ aforefaid, 4hajl be5 and tbedawe?**

f ^	hereby

Digitized by LjOOQle

72Q.J Annofe^timoGEofeoiiL i&trr.c.sK *	34#

creby repealed, annulled and made void, t<* all “intents and’ urpotes wbatfoever.	,	»

XIII.	Ajid be k further,enabled by the authority aforcfaid,*Eaft_in(iia "hat the fold united company (hall for the future be allowed to company may lip out fiores, provisions, utenfiU of war, andneceffiu-iesfoei^jp out ftofei maintaining their garrifons and Settlements, free of all

> as fuch duties, it they had been to be paid, would not have ti^not ex- U" receded, or do not exceed in any one year the fum of three ceeding 300U undred pounds.	-in one year.

XIV.	And whereas frauds are frequently committed in clanieftine- p. - .

' running of goods out of Jkipa and veffils homeward bound, as wotL crinVth^^rd rom the Eaft-Indies as other parts, on pretence of boats plying with warden of tbe Hots fpr Juch /hips and ve/fels at a great dijlanfe frgm the prop/r cinque-ports, ationt of fuch pilots, by means whereof they efcape the infpefticn w*tJjthc affc.lJ.t r the officers of the cuftoms, and feveral mifchiefs> and ivcvrvenien- fioncrsofMoad-es have happened, as well to bis Maje/ly's as to merchant Jhips, by manage. See. be diforders and negligences of pilots refiding at Dover, Deal, ajsl to make orders be ijk of Thanet, which are not /efficiently prevented by an a# made for thc better v the third year of his prefent Maje/ly's reign, intituled, An pUa^rsat^km^ ar the better regulating of pilots and conducting pf (hips and effels from Dover,' Deal, and the ifle of Thanet9 up the river jGeo.i.c. tj. f Thames and Medway; be it therefore enabled by the authority forelaid. That k (hall and may be lawful to. and for the^ lord warden of the cinque ports for the time being, or his deputy, with the afent of the commiflioners of load-man^*,* and of the natters and wardens of the fociety or feJJowfhip of .pilots of the yinity-Houfe oi the. cinque ports, or the major part of them, t an aflembly commonly called a court of load-manage, to bo teld by the faid lord warden or his deputy, during the qontinu-tnce of the faid abt of the third year of his Majefty’s reign, to nake fuch miles and orders for the better government and regu-ation of the pilots redding at Dover, Deal, and the ifle of vt, as (hall .he thought fit and convenient, and to order and dir e& a proportionable and diffident number of the refpedtive plots, refiding at Dover, Deal, ajpd fhe ifle of Thanet, not lefs than eighteen, to ply conttantly at fea, at afl feafonable times, to be •eady to condubV fuch (nips and veffels up the faid rivers of Thames and Medmay, as (hall have occafion for them; and that x (hall and may be lawful to and;£or the (aid lord wafden of the :inque-port$ for the time being, or his deputy, daring the con* rinuanceof the faid ad, with the alTent of the faid commiffioners, md die matter and wardens of the faid fociety or fellow(hip,for the :ime being, or the major part of them, at a court of load-ma* lose fo be hdd, as aforefaid, to fufpend or deprive afiy of the aid pilots for breaking fuch.rules.or orders, or omitting any thing required by tbe fame, or for ading in any wife: contrary* to Tuch rules or orders; and if any of the faid pilots fo fufpended or deprived, during the time of fuch fufpenfioq or deprivation,

(hall take upon him or themfelves to condud any (hip or veflel by or from Dover, Deal, or the ifle of Thanet, to any place or places in or upon the faid river of Thames or Medway, fuch pilot

or

Digitized by Google

Aim* feprima<5Eo*Gn L ftat.' t. c, 12*~15.	[1720;

dr pilau (hall be liable to aU fitch pains and penalties* to be reco-covered and applied in like manner and form as are provided bv the (aid ad of the third year of his prefent Majefty, agafdft focn perfon or periods as (hall conriud (hips from and to the places aforefaid, without being firft examined and approved by the mafter and wardens of the (aid fodety or fdlowmap at she led court, and admitted into the Cud fodety. JSri daufe is emtthuud by jo Geo. 1. c. 17. led.a, and & Geo. 2.0. 21 *md 23Gesa« c. 26.

CAP. XXIL

An aft far ettfcfiag Charles earl of Acxmmpurcbefr tbeforfostecr^et*

of lattes Butler, late duke of Ormonde j and for granting relief to William late lord Widdrmgton; and for enlarging toe time for deter* mining claims upon the forfeited eftates $ and for enabling the commif* Boners for the (aid forfeited eftaces to certify into the exchequer afl foeh eftates as they have found to be given to popifh or fuperftitinasufct*

Charles earl of Arran declared purchafer of all the forfeited efkate of James late duke of Ormonde in Ireland, for the Aim of 50,0001. Ctaufe for vetting the faid late duke’s eftate in truftees, for the ofes axprcBcd in this oft. AU debts, Ac. due to the late duke in Ireland, not fold by the commif-Boners, veiled in the earl of Arran. Monies received out of the late dukeh forfeited eftate, Ac. remaining in the treafury of Irebuid or exchequer of Great Britain, made liable to di(charge the debts charged thereon. Saving to the crown of all rights before the attainder, llot to extend to revive the regalities of the county of Tipperary. Chvh is favour of the bin lord Widdrington. The powers enlarged and continued by the gfo § Geo. 1. c. ss. further continued to 14 June 17is,and to tji* end of the risen rat feifion. The coramtiBoners appointed by x Geo. 1. c. «o. dull certify into the exchequer all fitch meflttages, Ac. as they fhaflfbd to be gives so fuperftkious ufess upon which certjftcatc foe court fratt proceed os if 4he fame hod been found by inqnifirioo.

CAP. xxra.

An eft for repairing the feveral roads leading from the town of Ledbury in the county otHereford, to the feveral places therein mentioned.

The toB granted by this aft is to have continuance Boa 34 June 171s, fo* ai years, Cmimurd ty 15 Geo, s. c. 17.

CAP. XXIV.

Aft aft for repairing the road from Wendover to the town ofBockingfaaap

in the county of Bucks.

The hall granted by rids oft is to have continuance from the 15th of March i7»tf for ss yean, Gmtomed by >5 Geo. s. c. 5.

CAP, XXV,

A» aft for laying aduty of two pennies $cots9 or one Gxth part of a penny , fterling, upon every Scots pint ot ale or beer that fealt be brewed for (atop vended or tapped within the town of Jedburgh and privileges thereof^ for paying the publtek debts of the tiqd town, and for rappiying thg • feme with frrih after, and for other purpofee therein oMuboaod.

Th* dyty granted from 14 June ijth for ai years, Ac.

1

CA&

Digitized by t^ooQle

Mfio.J Aono-icpdioo Geonoii ftat.i. c. 26*27*	J47

CAf. XXVI.

An a& for repairing tbe road from St. Giles's pound to Kilbourne-Bridg* m the county of Middlefex.

The toll granted by this aft is tatere Continuance from June *4* I7*J»

Jbraj years, Ctntinwj by \% Geo. a»c« 4*

CAp.xxm

An ail far raffing a	fun not exceeding five hundred

founds,by charging annuities at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum upon tbe civil lift revenues till ro* deemed by toe	crown-, and for enabling his Mayefly, bis

heirs or fucctjfers, (by caufing flub a	to	be made

as therein is mentioned) to make good to tbe civil lift payments, which Jhall have been made upon tbe fluid annuities v and	for borrowing money upon certain	lottery-tick-

: its ■, and for diflebarging the corporations for afficrancesef fart bf the money which they were obliged to pay to bit Majefty, and for making good a deficiency to tbe Eaft-In-dia tympany.

MOST gramas Sovereign, Whereas	of parliament iGeo.uftatii

made and faffed h the fir ft year of your	-c. i.

tituled, An aft for the better fupport of his Majefty’s houfhold and of the honour and dignity tw the crown or Great Britain,

.fevtral rates and duties ef txtiflt, and a further	of	tonnage

and poundage, and other duties or revenues. Were granted of continued	during your	Majeflfs life (which God long	and the

fame, with	Jeveral hereditary duties and revenues therein partita-

fork fpecified	(except as therein is excepted) were thereby chaffed and

declared to be for the fupport of your Majefly's houjholi and the honour and dignity of your crown, fubjeff to fuch incumbrances mid favingf as in the faid aff art expreffed: and in and by another affof iGee.i .JUt.s, tbe faid ftrjlyiccr ofyotcr Majfly's reign ( among other things) c. is. for enlarging the fund of the governor and company of the bank of England relating to exchequer-bills, and for fettling an additional revenue of me hundred and twenty thoufand pounds per annum upon your Mayfly during your life, prwifion was made for tff the faid yearly pirn of one hundred and twenty thoufand pounds for the fervid of your Majefly's houjholi and	and other

your neceffary expences and occofon:,during your natural fife, out of the mmies of the fund, commonly called toe aggregate fund, therein mentioned and itfcribtd, in thl courfl and manner thereby	preflribed: and in and by the aff , it is pro-

vided and enaffed. That if the revenues fettled or appointed for the fervice of your Majeflfs	boufbeld, and of the honour and dignity of

your crown, by the aff firft above recited, together with the faid additional revenue of one hundred and twenty thoufand pounds per an-'gtjtp, fhould, from the feafl of Saint Micqapl the Archangel

Which

Digitized by v^.ooQle

•. Annofcpkimo 0EbRGiiI. ftat.i. 0:47. [ifio'

which was in the year of our Lord one thpufand frOen hundred and fifteen, at any time during your MajeJtfs life produce in clear money more than the yearly fum of feven hundred thoufand poUnds\ thin the overplus of fuch produce fbould go and be applied to fuch fnsbtick ufes Us ih and by the aft tafi before recited are preferred, * or in'and by the faid fever at dfts (relation bring thereunto rtfpeftively had) may more fully appear: and whereas by teafon pf feveral extraordinary yxpences arifen fence the making the fald retired afts, divers arrears of fdiaries, wages, diet-monies and other dliowdnces, and /unify debts for exemptions, proviftons and other cau/ei, have incurred end grown due to your Mctjeftf s' fervants,. traiefmen and others, and do now remain unfatisfied, amounting to a very confiderable fum in the whole: now we your Majefty*$ moft dutiful ana loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in parliament afieiribled, bring defirous that your Majefty, in the adminfftration of your cirri govern-merit, may not remain under any difficulties in rdpe£t of the artears and dfebts contra&ed as arorefaid; and thar^therefore a fum not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds may be ra&d, to1 enable your Majefty.to difeharge debts and arrears,* by fale of annuities,.to be charged and feeured upon a yearly fund to be anfwered and paid out of the faid revenues, but to be redecriia-ble by fuch ways and means, and in fuch manner and form^ as . j . w . hereafter by this aft are preferibed, do moft humbly* prey your 1 Majefty, That it may enabled; apd be it enafted by the King’s 'moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent djf (he lords fpiritual arid temporal and cpmmons in this prefect From 14 July. parliament aflembled, and by the .authority of the (kme. That. i7»if a certain yearly and every year, from and after the feaft of the nativity of ^e^omputed0 ®a“lt ^aptijl in the year of. our Lord one thouland feven at 5I. per cent, hundred and twenty one, a certain yearly fund, to be computed to be fettled after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy for and upog for all the an- all the annuities to be purchased on this aft, is and (hall, by force purchafed on an<* v*rtue	fettled	and	eftabliftied,	and	be payz-

ihia 'aft, till hie in the manner and form herein after exprefied and declared, redeemed. for fatisfying and difeharging the fame annuities from time tp Farther pro*vi- time, until the fame (hall be redeemed by his Majefty, his heirs fan ybimg or fucccffprS9 according to the true intent and meaning of this c.lo! L 31. prefent a<51; ncverthelefs the faid yearly fund (hall be fubjeft to aiGeo.i.c.17. a proportionable reducement or abatement upon redetnptiorf of azGeo. 1.C.2, part of the faid annuities, according to the provifo or power of ^redemption herein after contained in that behalf.

The fund to’ Ih And it is hereby ena&ed by the authority gforriiid, be charged on That the faid yearly fund, after the rate of five pounds/Vr een-alltbereve- turn per annum (fubje6t ncverthelefs to fuch proportionable re-ry andTempo^ ^uce^ent or abatement upon redemption of part of the laid ary-J-ary, during f>uities as isj>rovided by this ad) is and (hall, by virtue of this hisMajefty’s ^a(S, be charged and chargeable upon and be payable out of a|l . the revenues, additional revenues, duties and branches wfiatfo-. ever, fqttled or appointed for the fupport of his Majefty*s houf-*hold and the honour and dignity of the crown as aforefai^Ljl jyejJ thpfp which are hereaitaiy in the crown, as thdfe which Were

grants

Digitized by t^ooQle

3*o.]	Annafcptidjo.GfcOBQirI<?< c*$T*.	349

ranted during his r Majefty’s life, and cvtxy of {bojp, for a^d

uringthe.. whole time and term of his Majefty’s natural, Jiff

which God long preferve) unlefs all the laid annuities Ipall fooor unle(* l°°ner

r be completely redeemed according to the. provifo and power redeemed.

f .redemption herein after, contained in tj»^hehalf;_and thaf

ic Aim and Turns of money, which from time JOitime,. during

is Majefty’s life, (hall be iflqed( or paid fqror upon the Tain

early fund, after the faid rate of five pounds ptr	a	.	.	n

s»i, fhall be and be deemedand reckanedjto be part of theyeac-r

yf fum of feven hundred thoufand pound*; above-mentioned.

III.	And it is hereby enabled by theauthpjity aforefaid, In cafe of his That in cafe of his Majefty’s denaife before the complete xedemPr M.^e^y's de-ion of all the faid annuities, then the faid yearly fund after the ™be charged are of.five pounds prrcentuw ptr annum (habje<5l neverthelefs.tp 0q the heredi-rch proportional reducemenf or abatement as aforelaid) is and tary revenue*, tall, by ..virtue,of this a&, be barged and chargeable upon anti

c paid and,payable Ottt of .the hereditary revenues, duties ao^	....	t

tranches betorfc-meationed, and every of them, until tbe copy >lete redemption of all the faid annuities to he.purchafed upon his a<ft; and that aU the payments fpr or upon the laid yfarly und, lhali be made with preference to all other, payments what,- .

3ever, which Ihall or may hereafter be charge4 uP9n the laid rer

enues, duties or blanches, orany ofthetp.	-0	.	^

IV.	Pravide&always, and it is hereby -qna$f4i by the author _	.	-

ity aforefaid. That this a<5l,orany thin g thfffifn contain^, fliall *£

lot extend or be conftrucd to make void, alter or prejudice any merdiipofi.^, lifpolkion, appropriation,' appointment, matter, or thing what-timay&e* * v oeypr contained, laved, excepted or allowed in any former ad or ids .of parliament, of or concerning ,any the revenues, duties of >rancbes aforefaid, or in.enyimapner to prejudice, any pen flops.. „ r. r »r annuities charged and /to be paid out of the faid hereditary - .:	,

evenues, or any of them, by or in purfuancc of any ad or if parliament, or by virtue of any grants or letters patents made >r granted by any of his Majefty’s royal predeceflors. Kings or ' Queens of this realm, but that the fame difpofttions, appropria'-ions, appointments, matters and things (hall continue and be in orce, and (hall take effed and be obferved, as if this ad had not 3een made; and the (aid laft mentioned penfionsand annuities fhall remain due and (haJl be paid, but (hall not be deemed pr •eckoned to be part of the faid yearly fum of feven hundred thou-fand pounds, during his Majefty's life.	'	'

V.	And for raifmgany fum dr fiims of money not exceeding in the whole five hundred thoufand pounds,, for the purpofes 4-

brefaid; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Any peribo* t (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons, na- may contri-fives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate ta contribute, b“te to^.e advance and pay to the firft or chief calhier of the governor and th^bankanr company of the bank of England for the time being, at or be- fum not ex-fore the refpedive days and times in this ad limited in that be- ceeding half, any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the s°°tooQL faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, for the purchafe of

. .	any

Digitized by v^ooQle

Axmo (epArM>(^	C47.	[17M,

any annuity or annuities m com nieooe from the tnd nativity of Saint Baptifi oM Ckotx&fid f«Ht hoated ml twenty one, and to bepod and payable wfocfe mribaior or contributors, or fucfi as he, (he or they Audi nominate, his, her or their executota,-adtiihii(ha«ort, fuoorfbrs aid affigne actjpedU ively, until the fune Anil be redeemed according to she pr<rt-foes and power of 'redemption herein after oomamed in that bo* Cafhier firft to half, fo as fo°h ca(hier or cafhiers do firft give fecurity to the good-give Security, liking of any three or more of the commiflioners of his Maiefty’s treafury now being, or the high treafurer or comm iixoncrs of the treafury for the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the receipt of the exchequer, for the purpofes before-mentioned, the monies which (hall be fo advanced or contributed, and 10 Annuities to account duly for the fame 5 which annuities before-menrioncd be computed fhall be computed after the faid rate of five pounds per annum at 51. per cent, for every one hundred pounds, and proport ionably for any ereat-per ann. er fum fQ t0 ^ advanced or paid; and the purchafe-money for every fuch annuity, at the rate aforefaid, is hereby appointed to be paid to the faid caftnef as aforefaid, at or before the refped-ive days or times herein after limited; that is to fay, one moiety Times of pay-or half-part thereof on or before the eleventh day of September ing the pur- one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one; one other moiety chafe-money. or half-part thereof on or before the tenth day of November one thoufend feven hundred and twenty one; all which annuities fo to be purchafcd (hall be paid and payable at the four moft 12/iial Annuitiestobe feafts in the year; that is to fay, the feafts of Saint Michael the paid quarterly. Archangely the birth of our Lord Chrift, the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary, and the nativity of Saint John Bap tiff, by even and equal portions, or within fix days after every of the The firft pay- faid feaft-days; the firft payment thereof to be due at the feaft ment at Mich. Qf ^ajnt Michael the Archangel in the year of our Lord one thou*-fand feven hundred and twenty one, or within fix days after the 'Thefc annwtrs ^ame foaft~day: neverthelefs the faid annuities thail be redeena-are redeemed able, as is afterwards in this ad provided in that behalf.

1 *OCU*J C‘*/’-Contributor* for prompt payment allowed 6U percent % monies advanced before «| tyept* mi. A hook to be kept in the accountant general's office; and an attested copy thereof to be traufraltted to the auditor of the receipt by 15 March 17**. Contributors to eUjby tJieir annuities free from taxes. Bo much of the civil lift revenues m be fet apart week-~ly> at Jhall be fufficieac to discharge the annuities quarterly. Sank to appoint a chief calhier and an accountant general. All the monies contra* outed to be one capital (lock, and transferrable. A trartsfer-book to be kept in the chief accountant's office. No ftampt duties for tmwhw. Acceptors of flock from contributors, who have paid only pact of the contribution money, liable to pay the refidue.

XIX.	A#d to the end his Majefty, his heirs aijd fucceffors, may be enabled to reixnburfe hftnfelr or themfelvcs (uch fum and (urns of money as in purfuance of this aft (hall have been iffaed or fumUhed out of bis Majefty *s civil lift revenues, during {us life (which God long preferve) or out of the faid hereditary revenues after bis Majefty *s demife, for or towards the payment of the faid annuities, or for or towards the' redemption of ffie

fimci

Google

vjioJ] Anno fepfiflobGkq&cJt I. c.^7.	351

'•dame; be It further eaa<2»d by Abe authority aforefeid, Thdt ,it	M..„.

. fhal aad may be lawful ad and for his Majefty, his heirs and “ fitceefibrs, fay arty warrant under , the .great foal of Great Britain, deduction of -privy foal ee real fign manual, to caufe a dedu&oa to be made, 6d. »n the not exceeding hr pence i& the pound, out of all monies which,	°ut £t

from and after the firft day of Anpeft one thoufand feven hundred fro *, Yauk. * .and twenty one, Audi be paid for or upon all penfions and atj-i7„: nuities charged upon any of the Dud hereditary or temporary di>- IbudeJuOum ties, and for and upon aft fehries, fees and wages, payable for or bc™, in relpedt of offices of paafit, granted by or derived from the c t’ " crown, and for and upon all otbei' payments' from the crown Whatfoevcr, or for or upon any arrearages of them, or any of

■	them, incurred or to be incurred; the pay of .cammiflfon'and s^ept coast .Boa-commiffioa officers and private men, ferviog in the navy or million offi-

. army, only and always excepted) the fame, deductions to be “**» ^ made-for the ufc of his Majefty, his heirs and focceflors, for the benefit of his or their civil government, fe long as the laid annuities (hall, by. virtue of this ad, he payable oat of the revenues charged therewith, as aforefeid, and until the feme annuities lhall be redeemed purfuant to this aCt; any former law, ftatute or provifion whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

XX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, 'fhat this Not to extend ad, or any thing herein contained, lhall not extend, or be con-1? ftrued to extend, to charge or to enable his Majefty to charge ^ the annuities or yearly fums, amounting to one hundred thou- princefs of' fend pounds, granted to his royal highnefs the prince of {Vales, Wale*.

or his truAses, during the joint lives of his Majefty and the laid

■	prince, or the annuities or yearly fums, amounting to fifty thousand pounds, granted to her royal highnefs the princefsot Wales,

' or to any perfon or perfons in truft for her, to commence aspd

•	take effifot immediately after the deceafe of the feid prince, or any of the feme annuities or yearly fums, lb. granted, with the abovd-menrionod deduction or payment of fix pence in the pound, or any part thereof) but that the fame annuities or yearly fums, and their royal highneiles refpe&ively, and their relpechve tru-

. frees, treasurers and receivers general for the time being, in re-fpedt of the feme, lhall be free and clear of and from the fejd

•	deduftioB or payment of fix pence in the pound; any thing jn this aft contained to the contrary ootwithftanding.

XXI.	Provided always, That nothing in this adt contained Not to prqe-Dull extend, or be co aft rued to extend, to prejudice, delay or in- dice the interrupt the payment of the faid annuity or annuities, amounting

■to Guy thousand pounds, granted to her royal highnefs the prin-	*6^

cefs of Walts, or to any perfon or perfons in trail for her, to hU royal high-commence anid take effect immediately after the deceafe of his neft's death, royal highnefs the prince of Wales i any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXH. And whereas it is intended that the	net	exceeding

.five hundred	tboufond pounds, /ball be applied in and for the payment

tf debts and arrears due and to grow due to hit Majefifs	*

and others, payable at the reteipt of his Majejlfs mheguer, or in

gffiitt

Digitized by

Google

Anno ftplimb Gtwufit dbfiidiw xxttj.	frjzos

offices wherein the txpenus rehthrgJofhh Majefifs tkal ^itnrniikt an payable: and whereas fevered of. the .fad fewvmtr, amd ethers, are, or may be defirous to have and emfiy tmnmtties at the. rwte afere-find, to be founded on tbis a^ m liem and fUisfaiftm effusb tbesr debts and arrears refpeSrvilyy bo it thordorc provided, &c.

. _ „ . Treafury may make out tallies for annuities at 5I. per cepL. Jo fucb per*

: ' v Tons as mall aefire the fame for tHe arrears due to them. OndeGveryof' fuch tallies to the cafhier, the proddcer'td be deeded a contributor. A?I the powers relating to artnoitie* pustbafed with money featt be praCbftd fdr . fec^nng, the annmtks to be pwchsfed by fuch talbeu S*cb porion* as " *x , m^y have malt lottery tickets in their hands, may barrow money thercop,

*	at 61. per cent, either before or after drawing.

cGeo. t.d. it. XXVI. Arid ‘whereas the corporation'or bodpfJtMftfiBad TBtf Claufd fcr dlG London aflufcancty created and efiabtijbed by bit	icr tzx-

charging tfw ^rihe great feed 0/* Great Britain, bearing datithdrMbfyfcconddty ranee andR^- <jTJurTe	in We-fretf> year of Majfrfs r,	to an m

Exchange' ^ parliament in that behalf \ were obliged to pay Oo bis M&yefifs ufg affurance, of : the fum of three hundred thoufand pounds, and haw aefuafiy paid into Ho much of thr ffo receipt of Ms Majefifs exchequerfeveralfum: ^amounting to one bn** which°each of	an^ €^ven thoufand two hundred and fifty pounds in part 9f thefind

thqfe co/ppa- °f three hundred thoufand pounds: and whereas the eorporatioH or were t6 body politick, called The London aftbrance of houfes and goodsfirom h VC Pai f r«f* ^re> created and efiablijhed by another charter sender the great fed of Maieftyt as * Great Bri tai n, bearing date the twenty ninth day of April in theprefent remains un- feventh year of bis Majefifs reign, have covenanted with his Atfjt-paid. ..... fiy, bis heirs and fuccejjors, to pay or caufe to be paid to his Majefiy,

*	his heirs or fuccejfors, at the receipt of the exchequer at Weftmmuer, the remaining ftim if one hundred eighty eight thoufand from hundred and fifty pounds, at or before fuch days and times, and in fitch proper-

c tions, as are hereafter mentioned; that is to fay, thirty eight thoufand '/even hundred and fifty pounds,part thereof within three cakndaty ' months after the date f the faid'charter, for the fold corporation,

< called The London amirance of houfes and goods from fire; fifty ' thoufand pounds, other part thereof within nine calendary months after the date of the fame charter;fifty thoufand pounds more thereof

*	within fifteen calendary months after the date of the fame charter;

*	and'fifty thoufand pounds, ref due thereof within one end twenty ca-1 Undary months after the date of the fame charter: and whereas the

corporation or body politick, called The Royal Exchange aflbrance,

•: :" ‘	; created and efiablijhed by his Majefifs charter, under the great feaI of

Great Britain, dated the two and twentieth day of June in the fixih year of his Majefifs reign, purfuant to the afi of parliament in that behalf were obliged to pay to his Majefifs ufe the fum of three hat *

; dred thoufand pounds, and have actually paid into the receipt of his , Majefifs exchequer the fum of one hundred and eleven thoufand two hundred and fifty pounds, in part of the faid fum of three hundred thoufand pounds: and whereas the corporation or body politick, called

*	The Royal Exchange aflfurance of houfes and goods from fire,

*	created and efiablijhed by another charter under the great ftal of Great

*	Britain, bearing date the nine and twentieth day of April in the prt~ fent feventh year of bis Majefifs^ reign, have covenanted with bis

v Majfiy, bis heirs and fuccejjors, to pay, or caufe to be paid, to bis

Ma~

Digitized by Google

m

J720.J Anrfb ffcjJtimolGtaRGli I.' ftkt. 1.

Aiajtftj,bis burs a*d fiute£»rs% at-Uurtctipt if his Majififs quer at Weftminfter, the fum of one hundred and eighty eight thm-fund feven hundred and fifty pounds (remainder of the laft mentioned fum of three hundred thoufand pounds) at or before fuck days ortimes9 and in fitch proportions, as are hereafter mentioned; that is to fay9 thirty eight thoufand feven hundred and fifty pounds* park thereof within three ealendary months after the date of the faid charter, for the faid corporation, called The Royal Exchange affurance of houfes and goods from fire; fifty thoufand pounds* other part thereof within nine ealendary months after toe date of the fame charter; fifty thoufand pounds, more thereof, within fifteen ealendary months after the date of the fame charter \ and fifty thoufand pounds, refidue there-of within one and twenty ealendary months after the date of the fame charter: and whereas the faid refpeflive corporations, called The London affurance* and The Royal Exchange affurance* have feverally fecund the payment of the faid feveral fums of thirty eight thoufand feven hundred and fifty pounds into the receipt of the exchequer, for his Majefiys ufe, according to their faid refpeflive covenants contained in the Jaid charters for affurance of houfes and goods from fire: and whereas his Majefiy, in tender confideration of the great difficulties which the faid corporations do feverally labour, under, is gra-cioufly pleafed that the feveral fums remaining unpaid by them, as afore-faid* (except the find feveral fums of thirty eight thoufand feven hundred and fifty pounds, which were made payable within three ca± lendary months after the dates of the faid refpeflive charters for ajfu-ranees relating to houfes and goodsfrom fire) fball be abfolutely remitted and difcharged\ he it therefore further enaded by the authority a* fore faid,That the faid feveral fums of fifty thoufand pounds,which by the tenors of the faid charters relating to theaffurances of houfes and goods from fire, was intended to be paid by the faid refped-ive corporations within nine months after the dates of the fame charters; and the faid feveral fums of fifty thoufand pounds* which by the tenors of the fame charters were intended to be paid by the faid refpe&ive corporations within fifteen months after the dates thereof; and the faid feveral fums of fifty thouland pounds* which by the tenors of the fame charters were intended to be paid by the faid refpe&ive corporations within one and twenty months after the dates thereof (all which fums do amount in the whole to three hundred thoufand pounds) and all a<5lions, fuits, executions arid demands whatfoever, for* touching or concerning the fame* are and (hall, by force and virtue orthis a ft (upon and after payment of the faid feveral fums of thirty eight thoufand feven nundred and fifty pounds, and redeeming the faid fecurities for the fame) be remifed, releafed and for ever difeharged; any thing in the faid former. a<St of parliament for ere&ing the faid corporations, or in any charters or letters patent relating thereunto, to the contrary riotwithftanding.

XXVII.	And whereas there is deficient in the Eaft-India company's fund of one hundred and fixty thoufand pounds per annum, feveral fums computed for feveral years endedat Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen, amounting in the whole to one Vol. XIV.	A	a	x	hundred

Claafe for payment of *	~

191,0281. 169# 6d. 23. Deficiencies due to the Eaft-India

Digitized by

254	A«m> Geoegij I. fUt.i.c,*!.	[»7

. hundred ninety one thoufand	eight peeueds fixteenJbiQsngs and

Mkh^7iV jix feme halfpenny; which f ef one hundred and fixty out of over- founds per annum, is payable after the rate ef five feeends per eeo-plus monies in tam per annum, fer a national debt ef three	two	hundred.

theexchequer.	thoufand pounds, incurred before the twenty fifth day ef December

one thoufand /even hundred and fixteen, provided far by farmer ef parliament in that behalf and fill remaining wfatisfied: and whereas the particular duties on fait, charged towards mating goad the faid yearly fund, have, in and fer the year ended at Michaelmas one thoufandfeven hundred and twenty, produced an overplus, iug to two thoufand nine hundred and fixteen pounds throe JbiBngs and a penny; which fum lafi mentioned doth new remain in the receipt of bis Majtfly's exchequer: new to the end edl the deficient fums, oh mounting tt one hundred ninety ene thoufand twenty eight pounds fix-teen flattings and fix pence halfpenny, may he fatisfici, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid fum of two thoufand nine hundred and fixteen pounds three (hillings and a penny, now remaining in the exchequer for overplus-monies or the aforefaid particular duties upon fait, and fe much of the monies now remaining in the exchequer of the furpluflesv cxcefles, and overplus-monies, commonly called the finking fund, as (together with the laid fum of two thoufand nine hundred and fixteen pounds three {hillings and a penny) Hull completely make up the laid fum of one hundred ninety one thoufand twenty eight pounds fixteen (hillings and fix ponce halfpenny, (hall be iuued and paid to the faid Eajl-lndia rnnappsT, or that treafurer or cafhier, for their ufe, in full fitinfaffioa^j|fhn riafi ■ ciencies before-mentioned; and that the coaamiflMMft ef his Majefty’s treafury now being, or any three or men ef dwai or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the sMMiinKl of the treafury for the time being, (hall and mnycariJbgfce&mo • to be iflued and paid accordingly, without any other or further warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf; any former law or ftatute whatfoever to the contrary mitujlhflmiliiiiu •

CAP. XXVIII.

An d8 for raiftng money upon the eftates of the late fttb-go-vemor, deputy-governor, direftors,	,

and accountant of the South-Sea	,	and	of Joihii

Aiflabie,	efquire, and l of James Craggs, femor, ef-

. quire, deceafed, towards making good tkt great loft and damage fujlained by the faid	;	ana	for	difitbling

fucb of the faid perfons as are living, to bold any office or ■place oftrufl under tbe crown, or to Jit or vote in petrtieo-ment for the future, and for other purpofes in tbe find aS expreffed.

farther prroi- \KT H E R E A S many corruptions, breaches of trufl, frauds and fim	concerningV V	abufts, have been cent rived, commit ted, and	>

m	to capital fled, or pretended capital ef tbe governor and company ef

*	mer-

ijtpiy Afoofe^dmb	flat.*.	(5.2?.	355

merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South-Seas, and otbef g ^ T c 2 parts of America,	for encouraging the ftjhery,	(commonly called I3Gco.i.c.»a.#

//>/ Sooth-Sea company) or to fubfcriptionS) or pretended fubferiptions f. *.

the farh*i or to dividends,	pretended dividends in refpett thereof \ * Geo. 2. c. 8,

whereby the faid company hath fujlained an immenfe lofs and damage, erarf /A? publish credit hath been extremely reduced and difordered, and many of his Majejifs fubjefts have been defrauded and impoveri/bed9 contrary to the purport and true intent and meaning of the aft of parliament mode and paffed in the fixth year of his Majejifs reign, in- 6 Geo, 1. c. 4; tftuled, An a& for enabling the South-Sea company to increafo their prefent capita! (lock and fund, by redeeming luch publick debtsfand incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for raiding money to be applied for leflfening feveral of the publick debts artd incumbrances 5 and for calling in the prefent exche-qtzer-bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new bills in Heu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged upon demand at or near the exchequer: and whereas Sir John Fellows, baronet, late fub-gavemory Charles Joye, efquire, late deputy-governor, and Wimam Aftell, efquire, Sir Lambert Blackwell, baronet,

Sir John Bhmt, baronet, Sir Robert Chaplain, baronet, Sir Wil*

Irani Chapman, knight and baronet, Robert Chefter, efquire, Ste-

5	hen Child,//fair*, Peter Delaport, efqutre, Francis Eyles, efquire, ames Edmonfon, efqutre, Edward Gibbon, efqutre, John Gore, efquire^ Sir William Hammond, knight, Francis Hawes, efquire,

Richard Horfey, efqutre, Richard Holditch, efquire> Sir Theodore Jartflen, knight and baronet% Sir Jacob Jacobfon, knight, Arthur Ingram, efquire, Sir John Lambert, baronet, S/r Harcourt Mafter, kmghty WilRam Morley, efquire, Ambrofe Page, r/Wrr, colonel Hugh Raymond, Samuel Read, junior) efquire) Thomas Reynolds, efquire) Jacob Sawbridge, efquire) William Tillard, ef-quart) and John Turner, efquire) late directors of the corporation of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhery 3 and alfo Robert Knight, late treafurer or cafhieT) Robert Surman late deputy-cafbier) and John Grigfby, late accountant to the faid corporation) (in confederacy with the faid late fub-go-vemof) late deputy-governor and late directors) under colour of the aft herein before-mentioned, have contrivedand carried on many notorious, fraudulent) and indirtfl prafficet) contrary to the intention of the faid aft) not only to the immenfe lofs and damage of the faid company, a-mounting to feven millions and upwards) but alfo to the great detriment of the publick) in breach of their trufiy and to the manifejl wrong and epprejfton of great numbers of his Majejbfs fubjefls: and whereat John Aiflabie, efqtdre) late chancellor and under-treafurer of the exchequer) anii one of the commijftoners of his Majeflfs treafuryy and 9 member of the houfe of commonsy in breach of the great trufis in him repofed) and with a view to his own exorbitant profit, has combined with the faid late direflors of the South-Sea company in their pernicious prafliceS) and has been guilty of moft dangerous and infamous corruption) to the detriment of great numbers of his Majeflfs fubjefis, and manifejl prejudice of the publick credit, and of the trade of this

A a 2	ting-

Digitized by

Googld



356	Anno	fcprimo Georgii 1.	c*a8.	[1720.

kingdom: and whereas James Craggs the elder, efystire, was a n§-torious accomplice and confederate with the faid Robert Knight and fome of the late directors of the South-Sea company ? in carrying on their corrupt and fcandalous pro Slices; and did by bis wicked influence, and for his own exorbitant gain, promote and encourage the pernicious execution of the late South-Sea febeme: and whereas he and Hat ^ ene °f *^IS fefli°n °f Parlament, intituled> An ad for rc-’*■ ftraining the fub-governor, deputy-governor, directors* treasurer or cafhier, deputy-cafhier, and accountant of the South-Sea company, from going out of this kingdom for the fpace of one year* and until the end of the then next feffion of parliament; and for difeovering their eftates and effects, and for the preventing the tranfporting or alienating the fame, fevcralprovifiensare made far the difeovering and fecuring the ejlates and effefts of the faid late , vernor and deputy-governor, and of the laid late directors, and of the faid late Kreafurcr or cafhier, deputy-cajbier and accountant, ft as they might be liable to juftice in parliament, as by the fame ah (relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear: now to the end that the feveral ejlates real and perfonal of the /aid late fub-governor, deputy-governor, dirt tiers, treafurer or cafhier, deputy-cafhier and accountant; and to the end that fo much of the amount or value of the ejlates of the faid John Aiflabie, or of any in truft for him, tvbicb are hereafter in and by this aft vefed in truftces herein after named, as do or fhall exceed the amount or value of the ejlates which belonged to the faid John Aiflabie, or any in truft for him, on the firfi day of October one thoufand frven hundred and eighteen; and to the end that fo much of the amount or value of the ejlates which iefoqfed to the faid James Craggs, or any in truft for him, /it the tsm jf bit death, as exceeded the amount or value of the ejlates wbkbhmnged to him, or any in trufl for him, on the firfi day of December one thoufand /even hundred and nineteen, may all be maieJiSfgdt and liable, and be, difpofed (fo far as the fame will extend/nr jeon as conveniently may be, for or towards the ufes and purport hereafter in this aft expreffed concerning the fame; may it pleafe your moft excellent Majelty that it may be enafted, Cffr.

All the eftates of the late fab-governor, deputy-governor, and directors of the South-Sea company, See. and of Tohn Aiflabie, efquire* and of James Craggs deceafed, veiled in Sir John Eyles, baronet. Scc. from i June 1720. ana from the day of the death of James Craggs, to be told for the ufes in the aft. Exceptions. Where tne direftors, Sec. were pofleJTed of an * eftate tail, the fame (hall be veiled in the truftees in fee-fimple to be tbU. Truftees to ufe all lawful means for difeovering and recovcnngthe eftates veiled in them, as the late directors, See. might have done. The'dtrt&-ors, See. before so September 17*1. to deliver to the truftees all deeds, &c. on oath, with fclieduies. Late direftors, Sec. refufing to bring m their deeds, See. truftees may commit them. Truftees may make compofitions touching debts. Sec. with the approbation of the direftors of fte'SoQth-Sea company. Truftees may take pofleflion of all the faid eftates vefted In them, Sec. Such of the eftates, fdr which no claim (hall beentred, (ball be fold as foon as conveniently may be, and fuch for which claims (hall be entred, after the claims are determined. The price to be paid to the cafh-ier of the South Sea company.Then the truftees to execute a contrail of bargain and fale, Sec. to be inrolled in chancenr. Any perfons may be par-chafers. Such purchafcrs adjudged to be in thca&ual j^dHonthereof,»d

the

Digitized by v^ooQle

357

i7*o.] Anno feptimo Georgii I. ftat. i. c.28.

the truftees are to give them pofieffion. If any of the faid eftates (hall, under colour of this aft, be fold to the ufe of any of the truftees, or their fobordinate officers, the perfon accepting (hall forfeit the eftate fo pur-chafed, and 5001. All conveyances, 6cc. of any the faid eftates, made fince 5 January 1710. adjudged fraudulent. Not to avoid any conveyances, See. for & valuable confideration after x June 1710. ana before 5 Januaiy 17x0. All perfons having debts contrafted before 5 January 1710. or having any particular eftate in law or equity out of the (aid manors, tccm by any fettlement, Sec. made before 5 January 1720. may enter their claims before the truftees before 25 December 1721. and in default, every fuch debt, See. (hall be void. Entries to be made at the truftees publick office. Truftees may inquire by witnefles, or by examination of the claimants on oath, or by infpeftion of mortgages. Scc. and (hall make their report to the direftors of the South-Sea company; and if they (hall be fatisfied in the juftice of the claim, See, and if the claimants (hall, in a book to be kept in the office, declare their acquiefcence therein before v Auguft 1722. then the truftees are to give warrant for payment of the debt fo adjufted. Sec. Any three of the juftices of the King's bench, common pleas, or exche-quer,fitting at tfie fame time and place,(nail determine all differences touching debts, eftates, &c. Their order (hall be final. On complaint to the juftices, &c. before 25 December 1722. they are to furamon the truftees to appear before them, and make final orders therein. When the juftices, &c. find any debt due to the claimant, Sec. they are to certify it to the truftees before 2 5 March 1723.Powers for determining differences relating to claims to continue till 25 March 1723. Truftees not to order any payments for the debts of any one of the late direftors, Sec. beyond the clear value of bis eltate. Creditors when fatisfied, to affign over their fecurities to fucti as the truftees (hall nominate. All fuch money as (hall be due to bis Ma-jefty for publick revenues, &c. (hall be paid out of foch monies as (hall arife out of the late direftors eftates, Perfons indebted to the late direftors, See, are to give notice thereof at the truftees office before 25 December 1721. or that there is fome account depending between them, on forfeiture of the value; and having any chattels perfonal of the faid direftors, are to give like notice, on forfeiture of the like value thereof: and all tenants, See. are to give like notice, on pain of three years value. John Aiilabie not to depart this realm for one whole year from 8 December 1720. and till the end of the then next feffion; ana to enter into recognizance before 20 September #721. Neglecting to enter into the faid recognizance, to be committed to the Fleet. If the late direftors. Sec. after7 July 1721. for one whole year, from 5 January 1720. or before the end of the then next foifion, transport any of their effefts, they (hall be guilty of felony, &c. Perfons. who have accepted any truft, or concealed the eftates of the late direftors. Sec. not difeovering before 25 December 1721. forfeit treble the value, and imprisoned for a year. Perfons voluntarily difeovering any eftates, not inventoried, before 25 March 1723. to have 10I. per centum. John Aiflabie before 25 December 1721. to deliver in a true inventoiy of the realjand perfonal eftate to him belonging at the time from which they are veiled in the truftees And one inventory importing what eftate belonged to him on t Oftober 1718- Truftees to compute the clear value of the eftates which belonged to him on 1 Oftober 1718. and make report to the South-Sea direftors by 15 December 1722. If the values cannot be fettled before 25 December 1721. then the juftices and barons are to determine the fame be* fore 25 March 1723. If the inventories are fettled to the fatisfaftion of the direftors, then a deduftion (hall be made out of them of the clear eftate which he had on 1 Oftober 1718, &c. The remainder (hall be paid to the ' caftner of the company for the ufes of this aft, within 30 days after the values are fettled, or fecurity to be given. After fuch payment or fecurity, all the faid eftates revelled in Mr. Aiilabie. Not to extend to that part of his real eftate which belonged to him 1 Oftober 1718. or any houlhold goods which he now poffeileth, till his particulars (hall be fettled, Sec. The heirs. See. of James Craggs, to deliver to the truftees an inventory of bis real aod perfonal eftate, at the time of his deceafe, Sec. and another inventory importing what eftate did belong to him on x December 17*9*

A a 1	Tru-

Google

Anno feptimo Georgii I. flat,*, c. 29,-31:	(1710.

Truftec* to examine the inventory, and examine witnefies an oath, &c. Truftee* to compute the dear value of Mr. CraggV eft ate, on i December 1719, dec. If toe value cannot be fettled by 15 March 171a. tbeu the barons jure tp determine the fame before 15 March 1723. If the particulars are fettled to the fatisfaftion of the direffcors, then a deduction (ball be n^ade out of them of the dear value which he had on 1 December 1719, &c. And the remainder to the cafbitr or the South-Sea company, within 33 4*ys after the values are fettled, or fecurity given. After fuch payments qt ipcurity, all the laid eltates revelled in Janies Craggs heirs. See. Not to attend tp that part of the red eliate which belonged to him on 1 December 17x9. or any houftiold goods, till his particulars (hail be fettled, he. Late directors, Sic. disabled from holding any place, or to lit in parliament. Not to invalidate any alignments of (lock, See. before 10 July 17x1. by any pf the late dire&ors, Sec. for fecuring any debt to his Majeity, Sec. ;6coai. ip malt tallies, payable to Richard Hampden, efq; and aligned ro Robert Knight, and feveral promifTory notes, may be paid to the caifc:cr of the ^outh-Sea company, and his receipt (hall be a difehirge. Bat iubjc jf to Claims, Truftees to enter all tlieir proceedings in a book for that purpofe, and to give a diftipfl account to the King and both houfes of parliament. All the clear monies arifing out of the eitates, appropriated to the ufe of fhe company. Tbit eUmfe u explained t?j 13 Geo. 1. c. ss. tea. 9. Every direflor, dec. to have out of his particular etfcate, fuch provision as is let down in the(ichedule annexed. KXP.

CAP. XXIX.

An afl for the King's moft gracious, general and free pardon.

General pardonof all crimes (not excepted) committed before 14 Joly 1711. Eifccepted, all who on 14 July 1721. were in the fervice of the preteader,&ca

CAP, XXX.

An aft for appointing commiflioners to examine, date and determine the debts due to the army. EXP.

CAP. XXXI.

An aSl for explaining and making more effeffual the feveral aSs concerning bankrupts.

WHEREAS merchants, and other traderf in goods, have been very often obliged, and tnore efpecially of late years, to fell 'and difpefe of their goods and merchandizes to fuch perfons as have nccafton for the fame, upon truft or credit, and to take bills, bends, promifory notes, or other perfons fecurities for their monies, payable at the end of three, four or fix months, or other future days of payv tnont, ond the buyers of fuch goods becoming bankrupts, and commif-fions of bankruptcy being taken out againfi them before the money upon fuch bonds, notes, or other fecurities became payable, it bath been a quejlion ivhether fuch perfons, giving fuch credit or fuch fecurities, Jbould be let in to prove their debts, or be admitted to have any dividend, or other benefit by the commtffion, before fuch time as fuch fecurities became payable, which hath been a great difeouragement to Perfons taking trade, and great prejudice to credit within this realm \ for remedy bills, bonds, whereof be it enadted and declared by the King’s moft excellent afotureday^ majcfty> hy and with the advice andconfent of the lords fpiritual for goods de- and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, livered to (uch and by the authority of the fame, That all and every perfon and ** aftetL^ . perfons, who have given credit, or at any time or times hereaf-m>T (haU be ter toaN give credit on fuch fecurities, as tforefaid, to any per-9	foa

Anno fepdifio Georgii I. ftait.i. 0.32.	3^9

Qm or perfons who is, arc, or (hall become bankrupts, upon a	to

good and valuable confidcratlon bona fide, for any fob) or films prove their of mon^, or other matter or thing wkatfocVer, which is bills, &c. and or (hail not be due or payable at or before the time of fuch per- be intitled to a fon’s becoming bankrupt, (hall be admitted to prove his, her ^^1?of the and their feveral and refpe&ive bills, bonds, notes, or other bankrupt's feeurities, promife or agreements fpr the fame, in like manner eftatc, as if they were made payable prefently, and not at a future day; v arid (hall be intitled unto, and (hall nave and receive a proportionable part, (hare and dividend of fuch bankrupt’s eftate m proportion to the other creditors of fuch bankrupts, deducing only thereout a rebate of intereft, and difeouriting fuch fecuri- difeounting ties payable at future times, after the rate of five pounds per fecunties centum per annum for what he (hall fo receive, to be computed of d. permit, from the adhial payment thereof to the time fuch debt, duty or for what they fum of money mould or would have become due and payable receive, in and by fuch fecurities, as aforefaid.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforelaid, Bankrupt's That all and every perfon or perfons, who now are or (hall fcali be dif-become bankrupts, (hall be discharged of and from all and eve- ^b^r^cd of.^ iy fuch bond, note, or other fecurity, as aforefaid, and (hall1 *** have the benefit of the feveral ftatutes now in force againft bankrupts, in like manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if fafh

fum of money had been due and payable before the time of his becoming a bankrupt,

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That no fuch No fuch ere-creditor (hall be deemed or taken to be a fufficient creditor, for ditor (hall join or in refpedt of fuch debt, to petition or join in any petition for m

the obtaining or fuing forth any commiffion of bankruptcy, uit- tiiffach debt til fuch time as fuch debt (hall become actually due and payable. become due. This loft ftftion is repealed by 5 Geo. 2. c. 30. fc£k. 22.

CAP. XXXII.

An aSt to explain and amend the a& of the twelfth year of her late Maje-fty's reign, intituled, An a& fir repairing the highway or road fr6m the fioHis-end in the parijb of St. Leonard Shoreditch in the comity of Middlesex, to tbe finbermof part of the northern road in the parijb of Enfield in the fame comety, next to the parijb of Cheihunt in the coemfytf Hertford,

Waegons, See. laden with bricks, hay, &c. parting through any turnpike erected by virtue of the private a£l, ix Ann. tat. i. c. i. (hall pay the toils.

A a 4

Digitized by

y

Google

Anno fcptfmo GeoRGH I. ftat. a. [iy».

Anno Regni GEORGII I. Regis Magna Britannia, Francia & Hibernia, feptimo.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Weftminfter, There is nb eti-.*** feventeenth day of March, Anno Domini om fltnfiwn on the jbouftind feven hundred and fourteen, in the firft year of the /e£ion.ani<W 're*&n °f aur frvereign lord GEQRGE, by the Grace if God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland* King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by fevered prorogations to the thirty firft day of July one tboufand /even hundred and twenty one ; being the feventb ftffion of v	this	prefent parliament, .

STAT. II.

An aft for making feveral provifions to reftof e the publick

....credit, which fuffers by the frauds and mifmanagements of

the late directors of the South-Seacompany, and others.

WHEREAS in and by an aft of parliament of tht fix tb year rreamoic re-	°f	Maftftf*	ret£n->	intituled. An ad for enabling the

dtingtheadof South-Sea company toincreafe their prefent capital ftock and fund, b Geo. -*. t. 4. by redeeming fnen publick debts*and incumbrances as are there-f	in mentioned; and for raifing money to be applied for lefiening

feveral of thft publick debts and incumbrances; and for calling in the prefent exchequer-bills remaining uncancelled; and for *	-	-	making	forth	new bills in lieu thereof, to be circulated and ex-

changed upon demand at or near the exchequer, it toas enaftei. That the f aid company Jhould pay into the receipt of his Majeftys exchequer the fum of four millions one 'hundred fifty fix tboufand three hundred ana fix pounds four Jhillings and eleven pence, by fiuh pr*-portions, ana atfuch times, as were thereby appointed for the payment thereof; and fuch further fums to be computed after the rate cf four years and an half s pur chafe, andfuchfurther fumstobecomputedcfter the rate ofoneycar'spurcbafe,as are therein mentioned,by quarterlypayments, at fuch feaft-days as were thereby limited for payment of the fame; and in and by an aft of parliament of the feventh year of his Ma-Geo i ftat 1	reiZn'>	intituled.	An	ad	to enable the South-Sea company

c. t. * to ingraft part of their capital ftock and fund into the ftock and fund of the bank of England, and another part thereof into the ftock and fund of the Eafi~India company; and for giving further time for payments to he made by the laid South-Sea company, to the ufe of the publick, it is provided, declared and enabled, Thai the jaid company Jhall pay, and be obliged, by force and virtue of that aft, to pay into the receipt of his Majefty's exchequer the faid Jum of four millions one hundred fifty fix tboufand three hundred and fid founds four Jhillings and eleven pence, and the faid feveral fame after the rate of four years-and an balfs purchafe, and one year's

pur-

Digitized by v^ooQle

1721;]	Anno	fcprime^GEORGii	I. ftat; 2;	361

pur chafe; and that the fame Jball be payable by fuch proportions, and at or byfucb refpeHivedays or times of payment, as ase therein limited and appointed^ and herein after mentioned for the payment thereof and not otberwife\ that is to fay, one full and equal fourth part of the refpeSllve fums fo payable, Jhall be paid on qr before the feajl of the annunciation of the blefjed Virgin Mary, which Jhall be in the year of our Lord one[ thoufand feven hundred and twenty two •, one other full and equal fourth part thereof on or before the feajl of the nativity of Saint John Baptift, wuich Jhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two; one other full and eaual fourth part thereof on or before the feajl of Saint Michael the archangel, ipbicb Jhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand Jieven hundred and twenty two 5 and the remaining full and equal fourth part of the faid refpellivt fums fo payable, on or before the feajl of the birth of our Lord Chrift, which jhall be in the faid year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two 5 ana that the faid South-Sea company,. and their flock and funds, (except as therein is excepted) are and Jball be fubjeft and liable to the payment of the faid feveral fums at or before the faid refpellive days and times by tie lafi mentioned all appointed for the payment thereof without any deduc- ' tion, defalcation or abatement whatfoever: ana it is thereby further . enaflea, lhat in cafe default Jball be made by the faid South-Sea company in the payment of all or any part or parcel, parts or parcels, of the faid fever al fums of four millions\ one hundred fifty fix thou-Jand three hundred and fix pounds four fhillings and eleven pence+	'

andof the faid fums to be paid after the rate of four years and an halys pur chafe, and one year* s pur chafe, or any of them, at the refpellive days or times by that alt limited for the payment thereof then the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treofurer for the time being, or the officers of the exchequer for the time being, Jhall, and they refpeHively are thereby authorized, injoined and required, to caufo the money, whereof fuch default in payment Jhall be made, with intereft for the fame, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, (to be computed as is therein mentioned) to be Jlopt out of the monies which, weekly or otherwifef Jball be payable to the faid company at the exchequer, for or upon their annuities or yearly funis (except as therein is excepted) and* to caufe the principal and inter eft fo Jlopt, to be applied as is therein after direlted in that behalf, as by the faid fever al alls of parliament, relation being thereunto refpellively bad, may more fully appear: and whereas by the many frauds, abufes, and breaches of truft, which were committed by the late fub~governor, deputy‘governor, and direlJors of the faid company, and others in confederacy with them, or fome of them, the faid company has fuffered an immenfe lofs and damage, and the publick credit (as well as the credit of the faid company) hath been extremely reduced and difordered, contrary to the purport and true $ Geo.i. c. 4* meaning of the all of parliament firft above in part recited, whereby the faid company is become unable to comply with all the payments required to be made by the all of parliament laft in part before recited\ and if their capital flock, and the annuities and yearly funds payable in ref fell thereof,Jhould continue fubjeS and liable to all the faid

pay-

X

Digitized by v^ooQle

362	Anno	feptimo GboKgu L ftat.2. ^1711.

payments, and to fitch ftoppages as an direfted by the Jmi aft loft	I

mentioned, the credit of the fad company would be utterly impaired,	1

and the fufferings of the members would be extremely tmcreafed: and whereas in regard to the inability of the faid companyy under tbe bad circumftantes to which the fame is reduced, and to tbe intent that the faid company may be obliged and better enabled to give feme far-tber relief (as this ail dir efts) to the feveral proprietors and perfons concerned in inter eft in or with the faid company, in order to the af~ certaining and fettling their refpeftive properties and interefh, and the re^eftablijbing of the publick credit, and thereby quieting the minds of bis Majeftfs J'ubjefts, it is thought meet, that tbe faid fua of four millions one hundred pfty fix thoufand three hundred aid fix pounds four Jhillings and eleven pence, and the faid Jr. ral and refpeftive fums, which were intended to be computed after the faid re-jpeftrue rotes of four years and an halfs pur chafe, and one yearns pur chafe, be remitted and difcharged, fo as from and after the feajl of the nativity of Saint John Baptift, which Jball be in the year of our Lord one thoufandfeven hundred and twenty two, the fum of two millions fterling, part of the capital flock which Jball then belong to the faitfcompany , be reduced and annihilated, and fo as a proportionable part of their annuities or yearly funds, in refpeft of the faid two millions, do from that time ceafe and determine for the benefit of the From 14 ]*nepublick 5 be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent ma-r6Cio6K jefty* by 2nd with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai 4.8.1 id! and * ttnn temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament atfem-the four and^ bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid fum of an h?^/car s, four millions One hundred fifty fix thoufand three hundred and oneL\ear**and ^*,x Poun(l5 four (hillings and eleven pence, and the faid feveral purdiafe, and*nd refpe&ive fums, which were intended to be computed and all adions.&c. paid after the faid feveral and refpedtive rates of four years and «li(charged. an half's purchafe, and one year’s purchafe, and aiJ actions, lints, executions, demands, ftoppages, detentions, and other remedies for recovering or obtaining the fame, or any part thereof, are and (hall, by force and virtue of this prefent a&, be and be deemed and adjudged to be remifed, releafed, and for ever difeharged.

After 24 June H* Provided always neverthelefs, and it is hereby ena<51ed, jyix. two mil- That from and after the faid feafl of the nativity of Saint John lions of the Baptift, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand com^an^sca ^cver^ hundred and twenty two, the full fum of two millions of pitaTftock to" pounds fterling, part of the capital flock which (hall then be-£* reduced long to the faid company, (hall by force and virtue of this a<51, and annihi- be and be deemed and adjudged to be reduced, funk and anni-pr^ort?onal bilated for ever \ and that a proportional part of their annuities or part of their yearly funds, payable at the exchequer in refpedt of two millions, mmuitiea, to (hall, by force and virtue of this adl, from and after the faid feafl of ceafe.	the nativity of Saint John Baptift, which (hall be in the year of

o" our k°rc* one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, be no £c.6.9fcK. I. l°nger payable, but (hall from thenceforth for ever ceafe and determine for the benefit of the publiek * any thing in the faid 6	retired

*7***1	Anno	fepthno	Gboxoh	I.	flat.jgj

recited a&s, or either of them, or any other law, ftatuteorpro-vifion whatsoever, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

. III. And whereas Jeveral perfens or corporations, who were in* For putting an titled to feverdredeemable debts and annuities, payable at the receipt end to all dif-af the exchequer, or by the cajhier of the bank ^England, or other- putei between wife, and who were enabled to fubferibe the fane into the capital flock thV£mpany erf the fold South-Sea company, dtd fubferibe, or caufe or procure to be prieton of " Jiibfcribed, many of .thelaid redeemable debts and annuities; and the fubferibed re-proprietors of fiuh of the find redeemable debts and annuities as were deemable payable at the receipt of toe exchequer, or at particular pay-offices at fund#* and the or near the exchequer, did deliver in their refpeftive orders, tallies, Ke fo^°mo. tickets or other feaerities, for payments of fitch debts or annuities to ney fubferip-perfom for that purpafe appointed j and the accounts of the proprietors tions s mf fuch of the find redeemable debts ahd annuities as were payable by the faid cajbier of the bank of England, were debited in the books of tie bank ; and an additional capital flock was, upon books or duplicates fignod and atiefltd by three or more of the directors or managers in that behalf appointed, created or fettled by the commiffioners of his Pdajeftfs treajury for the time being, to be allowed to the faid com+ pony for or in rejpett of the faid redeemable debts and annuities ; which faid redeemable debts and annuities were fubferibed, or pro* tended to be fubferibed, at feveral high Yates or prices in flock, ex-exuding the rate or price of four hundred per centum; and a general eeurt of the faid company, on or about the thirtieth day of Septem-ber one tbeufand feven hundred and twenty, towards relteving thofo proprietors, did agree that the fame redeemable debts and annuities, fbeuld be taken in at par, being one hundred pounds for each One bun* drei pounds principal money of theft redeemable debts and annuities; and that the proprietors of the fame Jhould be entitled to the intertft * due thereon, until the twenty ninth day of September one tboufani feven hundred and twenty, and be paid for the principal fums in the fiotkof the faid company, at the rate of four hundred per centum, with an addition of ten per centum in flock for a dividend at Mid* futnmer one tboufani feven hundred and twenty: and whereas the faid company, or their late court of directors, did exhibit, or caufe to be exhibited, books for taking fubferiptions of money for pur chafing flack of the find company, commonly called the four money fubferiptions \ whereupon feveral perfens or corporations did advance, or caufe to be advanced, monies amounting to a large fum; and the general court of the faid company, on or about the ninth day of March one thoufimdfeven hundred and twenty, did refohe that no more money Shan what had been then actually paid on the faid four money fab* feriptims, jhould be demanded or tnjifled on, and that flock Jhould be given fen the money actually paid by the rejpeSive proprietors in the faid firft money fubferiptions, at three hundred per centum, with the dividend of Midfummer one thoufimd feven hundred and twenty, of ten per centum in flock; and that fleck Jhould be given for the mo+ ney a&ually paid by the refpeftive proprietors in the find fecond me* ney fubfeription, at four hundred per centum, with the like divi* * deud\ and a general court of the faid company, on or about the pghtesntb day of the faid month of March one tboufand feven hun-

Digitized by Google

364	Anno	feptimo	GeoRGII L flat 2.	{1721	I

dred and twenty, did refohe that flock Jbould hi given far the mimes paid on the [aid third and fourth money fubferiptions at the rate of four hundred per centum, with the like dividend often per centum in flock: now in order to put an end to all difputes between the faid company and the proprietors of the faid redeemable debts and annuities fubferibed into the laid company, and between the proprietors of the faid money fubferiptions; and for the further relief, as well of the proprietors of the faid redeemable debts and annuities, as alfo of the proprietors of the faid fecond, third and fourth money fubferiptions, who now have or (pur-fuant to the faid refolutions of the laid general court J may have ftock allowed them at the faid rate of four hundred per centum, with the dividend of Afidfummer one thoufand feveo hundred and twenty, in ftock as aforefaid ; be it further ena&ed by the An addition authority aforefaid. That the faid corporation, called the South-ofCF l^s^sd ^ea corn?any> lhall, and the fame is hereby enjoined and requir-ftock, upon ed to allow and make an addition after the rate of thirty three every iool. pounds, fix (hillings and eight pence, in ftock, upon every one Stock already hundred pounds ftock already allowed or allowable, as aforefaid, **\venb'	rc^Pc<^Ive proprietors of the faid redeemable debts and

fouth-Sea * annuities, and to the refpe£tive proprietors of the (aid lecond, company to third and fourth money fubferiptions; which faid addition of theproprie- thirty three pounds fix lhillings and eight pence, in ftock to the deraable* *** ^a,<* ProPr*etors redeemable debts and annuities, together funds.	with ftock already allowed them at the rate of four hundred

per centum, with the dividend at Midfummcr one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, in ftock as aforefaid, (hall be in full dif-charge and fatisfadtion of their refpeclive debts and annuities ^ictor^ofthe	were	redeemable,	and were fubferibed or intended to be

Scon?* third* fubferibed, as aforefaid, and for which the fecurities were de-and fourth livered up, or for which the books at the office of the bank were money fub- debited, and for which an additional ftock was created by the witfTthe Mid comm*^loncrs	treafury	as aforefaid ; and the faid addi-

ihmmer divi-"tlon t^|irty three pounds fix (hillings and eight pence, in ftock, dend, 1720. to the proprietors of the monies which were a&ually paid upon the faid fecond, third and fourth money fubferiptions relpecftivc-ly, together with the ftock already allowed or allowable to them at the rate of Tour hundred per centum, with the dividend at Midfummcr one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, in ftock as aforefaid, (hall be in full difeharge and fatisfa&ion of the monies which were actually paid upon the fecond, third and fourth money fubferiptions refpetftively, notwithftanding any defed or which (hall be error, or fuppofed defeat or error, in taking in the faid fubferip-in full dif- tions of the faid redeemable debts and annuities, and the faid charge. money fubferiptions, or any of them, or any mifnomer, mif-fpelling or omilfion of entry of money paid for the faid money fubferiptions in any wife, and notwithftanding any doubt or queftion touching or concerning the validity of the fubferiptions of the faid redeemable debts and annuities in any wife ; and that no more money (hall be demanded or infifted on by the faid

company

Digitized by (^.ooQle

i72i.] .Anno feptimo GeorgU I. ftat.2.'	365

company (other than what was actually paid as aforefaid) on the faid four money fubfcriptions, or any of them.

IV.	And whereas on or about the twenty third day of Juntone ciaufe for to tboufand feven hundred and twenty, feveral irredeemable annuities lief of the ir-(part of them payable for feveral long terms of years, others payable redeemable*. for the remainder of a term of thirty two years, commonly called the nine per cents, and others oj them payable for the remainder of another term of thirty two years, commonly called the lottery-annuities of one tboufand fevtn hundred and ten) were fubferibed into ike capitalflock of the faid company, for feveral rates or prices, which the fame company did refolve to give the proprietors, to wit, for the fend long terms at thirty two years pur chafe, and the faid fhorter terms feventeen years pur chafe} which rates or prices werefatisiiedpartly with money, and partly with flock at the rate of three oun&redfeventy five pounds per centum: and whereas on or about the fifteenth day of Odlober one tboufand feven hundred and twenty,feveral other irredeemable annuities, part of them payable for feveral long terms of years, others payable for the remainder of the faid feveral terms of t thirty two years, were fubferibed into the capitalflock of thefind company ; which fubfcriptions fo made on or about the faid fifteenth day of October one tboufand feven hundred and twenty, are commonly called the fecond fubfcriptions of the irredeemable annuities; and by a reflation of the faid general courts the annuities of the faid fecond JMription were likewife to be paid for atfeveral rates or prices, viz.

The long terms at thirty two years pur chafe, and the faid fhorter terms at feventeen years purchafe, all in flock at four hundred per centum, with the addition of the Midfummer dividend of ten per centum in flock thereon (except fuch oddfums as did not amount to one pound in flock, which were to be paid in money;) now for a further relief to be given to the proprietors of the faid irredeemable annuities in the fecond fubfcription, by an addition of (lock valued at one hundred and fifty per centum, be it further enacted by the authority aforelaid, That the faid companv (hall make, or caufc to company to be made, an addition at that rate in flock to the proprietors la ft make an ad-mentioned, over and above the (lock allowed or allowable to dition in (lock them by the laid refolution of the general, court; which addi- Jo^^eTr" tion (hall be made in the refpe<Sive proportions herein after redeemaWw^ mentioned 5 that is to fay. On every annuity of one hundred viz. On annui-pounds per annum, which was fubferibed for the remainder of ties of tool, ninety nine years comprehended in the faid fecond fubfcription, !^r“?irar two hundred and three pounds, fix (hillings and eight pence t“e reminder (lock, and fo in proportion for every greater or lelfer annuity 0f 99 years, which was fubferibed for the remainder of ninety nine years; comprehend-on every annuity of ninety eight pounds per annum, which was cd fubferibed for the remainder of ninety fix or eighty nine years, *03 commonly called fourteen per centums, comprehended in the faid 8 d. * fecond fubfcription, one hundred feventy eight pounds, five On the 141. (hillings and four pence (lock, and fo in proportion for every per cent. 1711. greater or lefler fum of fuch annuities; on every ninety pounds 5S‘ 4 * per annum, which was fubferibed for the remainder of thirty two* years, commonly called the nine per centums, comprehended in On the 9?. per

the cent.73l.9s.4d.

Digitized by i^ooQle

366	Anno iepdmo Gkoroii I. ftata. (171 f.

the (aid fecond fubfcription, feventy three pounds nine fl&fiftg* and four pence flock, and fo in proportion for every greater of Prize lottery ]cflfcr of foch annuities; on every annuity of one hundred 6cl 161,5cT.* P0^11^5 P*?	which	was	fubfcribed	for	the	remainder of

5 '1	#	thirty two years, commonly called benefits of the lottefy one

thoufand feven hundred ana ten, comprehended in the Aid fecond fubfeription, fixtyfivc pounds, flxteen (hillings and tight pence flock, and fo in proportion for every greater or le&r (bin Blank pay of fuch annuities; and on every ninety eight pounds pit Mam, tickets ot the fubfcribcd for the remainder of thirty two years, commonly cal-faid lottery, jccj yank pay-tickets of the faid lottery, one thon&Ad fcten jz . 14s.	.	and ten, comprehended in the bid fobfcriprion, one

hundred twenty fix pounds fourteen (hillings and eight pence flock, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefier fan of Zed* annuities; and that all dividends otic, or to become due, from arid after the feaft of the nativity of oor Lord Chrift one thou-find feven hundred and twenty, (hall be payable upon the bid feverdi additions of flock as aforefaid,

~~ .	,V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Thaf

flock to be di- the increafad capital flock which was gained by the fold com-vided among pany, by taking in puUick debts and incumbrances which wer£ allthcpropnc- intended to be taken in by the faid ad of the fixth yeaf of his tors.	Majefty’s	reign, ami which, after the diflribution ot fcch parts

thereof as are intended, purfuant to any the former dairies m this ad, to be difiributed, (hall remain undifpofed, fbsM be divided to and among aU the proprietors of the whole Capital Jtocfc of the faid company, in proportion to their fevend and fdpc&rve interefts therein; and that credit be given fbr the fame refpec- * tively in the books of the faid company.

Borrowers on	And	lt	further	ena&ed	by	the authority aforefoid,

South-Sea That fuch perfons (brokers, or fuch perfects at have aded as flock, on pay- brokers for brokeridge, excepted) as at any time or tunes Bttce mcntdfiol. the five and twentieth day of March in the year of oor Lord the fans fo one ^oufand feven hundred and twenty, have borrowed money borrowed, to from the kid South-Sea company upon arty (hare or fhanes in1 be difehamd the flock of the (aid company, adually transferred and pledged fr°m aI1 ™r- (at the time of borrowing, or within twenty one days after) to he com pa-or ^or	u^e °f the kid company, or the refpe&ive heirs, exe-

ny (except * cutors or adminiflrators of fuch perfons, who (haft pay to the brokers.) calhier of the faid company for the time being, to and for the tH‘ ^ t^lc faic* company, at their publick office in Louden, fe sGeo i c.a* muc^ money as a rate ot ten per centum, to be computed upon f. a. *1	* the refpediive fums fo borrowed, (hall amount umo * to Wft, one

moiety thereof on or before the five and twentieth ot Bkember' one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one, and the other moiety thereof on or before the five and twentieth day of June Time* of pay-one thoufand feven hundred and twenty twa; (hall (upon fuch** payment made, or being lawfully tendred and refufed* and not* otherwife) by force and virtue of this prefent aft, be difeharged of, from and againft all further demands of the faid tishipatay,/ in law or equity, of, for or in refpett of the monies fo borrowed

upon

Digitized by v^-ooQle

1721. J	Anno Optimo Gsoroix L	ftat tJ	367

upon flock, v and that all the dock fo transferred and pledged. But the (lock for which fuch payment (hall be made, or lawfully tendrcd and ** veftcd ia refufed, together with the dividends and profits belonging or to1 ccomPM,y« belong to fuck dock, refpc&ively, (hall be, and is, and are, by virtue hereof, abfohitely veiled in the (aid company, for the ufe and benefit thereof.

VII.	And furthermore it is hereby enaded by the authority Borrowers on aforefaid. That fuch perfons (except as before excepted) as at fubfcription any time or times fince the five and twentieth day of March in

the year of our Lord one thoufend (even hundred and twenty, ,0i[percent, have borrowed money from the (aid South-Sea company upondifoharged. receipts which were given for any the payments made upon any of the (aid money fobfcriptions, and were actually pledged to the (aid company (at the time of borrowing, or within twenty one days after) or the refpe&ive heirs, executors or adminiftra-tors of filch perfons, who (hall pay to the cafhier of the fai4 company for the time being, to and for the ufe of the laid company, at their publick office in London, fo much money as a rate of ten per centum, to be computed upon the refpedlive fums fo borrowed, (hall amount unto, to wit, one moiety thereof on or before the five and twentieth day of Dtcember one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one, and the other moiety thereof on or before the five and twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two j (hall (upon fuch payment made, or being lawfully tendred and refuled, and not otherwife) by force and virtue or ibis prefent a&, be difcharged, of, from and againfl all further demands, of the laid company, in law or equity, of, for or in refpefl of. the monies lb borrowed upon the (aid fob-Icription-rcceipts; and that all the fubfcription-receipts (b pledge But the fub-ed, for which fuch payments (hall be lb made, or lawfully ten- fcnption retired and refufed,- together with all the benefits to attend	ttfe

fame, and all the dividends and profits belonging or to belong company, thereunto reipe&ively, (hall be, and is, and are, by virtue hereof, absolutely veiled in the (aid company, for the ufe, benefit and advantage thereof.

VIII.	And forajmuch as it is necejfory to make fome regulations or orders touching contracts for the Jale or pur chafe of fuhfcriptim or Jluk of the foid South-Sea company, or any other company or corporation, or pretended company or corporation, for preventing a multiplicity of vexatious and doubtful fusts in law or equity concerning the fome, or fome of them*, it is therefore hereby further enaSed by

the authority aforefaid, That every contract for the fide or pur- Alt contract chafe of fubfcriptions or (lock of the (aid South-Sea company, or for Tale or pur-any other company or corporation, or pretended company or chafe of Tub-corporation, which (hall be unperformed in whole or in part,

Audi not be compounded by or between the parties thereunto, formed, or not or interefted therein, on or before the twenty ninth day of Sep- compounded timber in the year of ouf Lord one thoufand feven hundred and 0Q a9 ScP^ twenty one, or an abftrad or memorial thereof figned by thej*“^din party interefted therein, and who (hall be minded to take ad-> books before vantage of the lame, (hall be entred and regiftred in books, 1 Nov. 1721.

which

Digitized by Google

3$8

or dfebevoid

No ftamp da-ties.

No fee for regiftring, on pain of 100I.

Contrails unperformed on 29 Sept. 1721. where the Idler, &c. was not actually poflefled ot liich flock declared void.

No fpecial bail for contracts made fmce 1 Dec. 1719. and before x Dec. 1720.

Not any execution till the end of the fef-fion of parliament next after 19 Sept. 1721,

Anno fcpdmo Georgii I. flat. 2.'	[17212

which are hereby required timely to be provided and kept (or that purpofe by the refpedtive company or corporation, to whofe capital fuch (lock or fubfcriptions do or (hail relate, at (bate time > before the fird day of November one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one; and in default of fuch entry or rcgider every fuch contract, as to fo much as (hall remain unperformed, and not compounded, on or before the (aid twenty ninth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one, (hall be void: and it is hereby enadted, That fuch entries (hall exprds the names of the parties or perfons, for whofe ufe or benefit fuch contradts were made; and that none of the damp-duties (hall be due or payable for the fame ; and that no fee, gratuity or reward (hall be demanded or taken, diredtly or indiredtly, for cutting or regidring any fuch contract, or any abftradt or memorial thereof, as aforefaid, on pain of forfeiting two hundred pounds to the party grieved, by the company or corporation* who ought to have regidred the fame gratis, to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, fuit or information, in any of his Majdly’s courts of record, wherein no cffoin, protedtion, privilege, wager of law or any more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed.

IX.	And it is hereby enadted, That all contradts for the (ale or purchafe of any fubfcription or dock of the faid Smstb-Sea company, or any other company or corporation, which (hall be unperformed in whole or in part, and not compounded on or before the faid twenty ninth day of September in the year of our. Lord one thoufand (even hundred and twenty one, where the feller, or the perfon on whofe behalf fuch contradt was made, was not, at the time of fuch contradt, or within fix days after* adtually poflefled o£, or entitled, in his, her or their own right, to fuch fubfcription or flock, (hall be and is hereby declared null and void, with refpedt to fo miich only of the faiaftock or fubfcription as the feller, or the perfon upon whofe account fuch (ale was made, was not poflefled of, or entitled to, as aforefaid.

X.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That no fpccial bail (hall be required in any adtion brought or to be brought upon any contract made fince the fird day of December one thoufand (even hundred and nineteen, and before the fird day of December one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, for the (ale or purchafe of any fubfcription or dock of the South-Sea company, or any other company or corporation, or pretended company or corporation whatfoever; and that no execution (hall be awarded upon any judgment or decree, obtained or to be obtained in any adtion or fuit brought or to be brought upon any contradt for the fale or purchafe of any fubfcription or dock of the faid South-Sea company, or any other company or corporation, or pretended company or corporation, until the end of the feffion of parliament, which (hall be next after the faid twenty ninth day of September in the year of our Lord on t thoufand feven hundred and twenty one.



Digitized by

Google

fjii.]	Anno oftavo Georgii I. c. i, 2;

3%

.Anno Regni GEORGII I. Regis Magnaz BritannicBi Francice &	,	oftavo. ’

AT the parliament begun ani at Weftminfter, Seventeenth day of March, Anno Domini one thousand	fevers hundred'and	fourteen, /« the of the reign

of our fovereign Lord George by the grace of God, Great Britain, France, and Ireland, , defender of the faith, &c. and from thence continued by	the

nineteenth day of October one thoufand hundred and twenty one, being the eighth feffton of this prefent parliament.

CAP. I.

An a& for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land-tax to be raifed in Grea{-Britain9 for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two. EXP. is. in the pound.	*

CAP. II.

An a£l for continuing the duties on , mum, cyder and perry, to raife money by way of a , for the fervice . of the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two i and for transferring the deficiencies of a late malt-a£l to the land tax for the fiaid year •, and for giving time for injecting the money given with apprentices in their

turesand touching loft bills, tickets or •, and for exchanging the tickets in the exchequer for certificates •, and for fupprejfing lotteries, denominated , and other private lotteries; and for enlarging the time for the account-. ant general of the hank of England to return duplicates of annuities into the exchequer.

XXXVI. AND whereas, notwithstanding the provifion already Qaufe* for the J\ made by	feveral aits of , for fupprejfing gSS?"1

and preventing of unlawful lotteries, and offices and places, under unlawful lot-the denomination of fales, and taking or makings buying or felling teries, deno-fubfctiptions for the file of chances, or part of chances, to arife on J™nated falea* tickets made, out in pur fiance of any aft of parliament for a tublick j^g^and lottery, many ill-difpofid. per fins, with a defign to evade fuck lawsf enforced have of late prefumed and do dally prefume to erett and fit up qffices uGeo*i«c.»S* or- places under the denomination of fales of houfi\y lands, plat jewels* Jhips, goods and other things % and aljo have prefumedio make* print and, puHiJhi or cavfe to be made* printed or publified* propo* fids or fihemqs for advancing fmatljfums of money fy feveral perjoni% amounting in tpe whole to large Jums, to be divided among them by the chances of tbe{ prizesfi fame publick lottery or lotteries, eftaklifi-id or allowed by a(l of \parliament^ and to deliver out tickets to the	•	1

Yohe XIV,	B	b	perfons

Digitized by

Google

Perfon* who after %\ Dec.

way of lottery &c. fhall forfeit cool* one third to the crown, ano-

the other to poor where, fa.

370	Anno	oftava	GeoRGH	L	c.2.	fijrar.

perfons advancing fuch fums, to entitle them to a /bare of tit money Jo advanced according to fuch propofols, and adyertifements thereof are daily puhlijbtd in the common printed news-papers and otherwise ; which practices are highly prejudicial to the publick and tetbe trade ef this kingdom, and tend to defraud his Majejhfs fubje&s : be it farther enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That aU and every per-1 (hall ^on or perfons who, after the twenty firft day of December m the ere& offices for Ycar of our Lord one thoufend feven hundred and twenty one* fide, &c. by (hall ereA, fet up, continue or keep, or (hall caufe or procure to be ereAed, fet up, continued or kept, any office or place under the denomination of Tales of houfes, lands, advowfons, pre-fentations to livings, plate, jewels, (hips, goods or other things, for the improvement of fmall fums of money; or (hall fall or ther to the in- expofe to (ale any houfes, lands, advowfons, prefentations to former, and livings, plate, jewels, (hips, goods or other things by way of lottery, or by lots, tickets, numbers or figures; or (hall make, print, advertize or publi(h, or caufe to be made, printed, advertized or publifhed, propofals or (chemcs for advancing fmaU fums of money by feveral perfons, amounting in the whole to large fums, toi>e divided among them by the chances of the

Erizes in fome publick lottery or lotteries, eftablifhed or allowed y aA of parliament; or (hall deliver out, or caufe or procure to be delivered out, tickets to the perfons advancing fiich fums to entitle them to a (hare of the money fo advanced according to fuch propofals or fchemes; or (hall make, print or publi/h, or caufe to be made, printed or publifhed, any propofai or fcheme of the like kind or nature, under any aenomination-, name or title whatfoever; and (hall be thereof convi&ed upon the oath or oaths of one of more credible witnefs or witnefles, by two or more juftices of the peace of the county, divifion or liberty where fuch offence (hall be committed, or the offender (hall be found (which oath fuch juftices of the peace are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) the perfon fo conviAed (hall for every fuch offence, over and above any former penalties infliAed by any former aA or aAs of parliament made a-gainft any private or unlawful lotteries, forfeit the fum of fire hundred pounds, one third part thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccelfors, one other third part thereof to the informer, and the remaining third part thereof to the poor of the partfh where fuch offence (hall be committed ; the lame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hands and feals of fuch juftices before whom fuch offender fhall be conviAed as aforefaid; and (hall alfo for every fuch offence by fuch juftices be committed to the county-gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of one whole year, and from thence till the faid fum of five hundred pounds, fo forfeited as aforefaid, (hall be fully paid and fathfied: provided neverthelefs, that any perfon who (hall think himfelt or hcrfelf aggrieved by the judgment or determination of two or more fuch juftices, in any the cafes aforefaid, (hall have liberty fo appeal to the next quarter-fetfiops to d$ held far the county,

city

Perfons aggrieved may appeal to quartcr-fef-Aons.

Digitized by v^ooQle

'f7« 1.3 Anno o&avo Geokgii I. c. 3,4.'	371

city or,place where fuch judgment or determination (hall he made or given; and that the judgment to be given by the ju-ftices at the faid next quart er-feflions (hall be final.

XXXVII. And be it further enatfted by the authority afore-p , faid. That all and every perfon and perfons who, after the time ^burineto" aforefaid, (hall be adventurer or adventurers in, or (hall pay any fa|e,, $k. to money or other confederation, or any ways contribute unto, or forfeit double upon the account of any fuch (ales, lotteries, propofals or the fum con-fchemes afbrefaid, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence double thfe ^lety tt> the fum paid or contributed, to be recovered with cofts of fuit by crown, the a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Ma- other to the jtfty’s courts of record at fVeJhninfter, wherein no efloin, pro- informer. te*5bon, wager of law, nor any more than one imparlance (hall » be allowed* one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, the other moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the lame.

Claufe for relief of perfons who have omitted to infert the monies given with clerks and apprentices. Claufe for giving further time to the accountant general ot the bank to return attefted duplicates of annuities into the exchequer.

CAP. III.

An aft for punilhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. £ XP.

CAP. IV,

An aft	for taking off the duty upon aU fait ufed in the curing

of red herrings, and laying a proportionable duty upon all red herrings confumed at home	only\ and for aftertaining

the cuftonis and excife payable for the fugar-boufes in Scotland ; and for making an allowance for fait loft in any harbour or river of this realm \ and for the better feewring the duties on fait delivered in ScQtland.

WHEREAS by an alt of parliament made in the fifth year of bis prefent Majefty’sreign, intituled. An a (ft for recovering the credit of the Britijb fifhery in foreign parts; and for better (Securing the duties on fait, it is enabled,	all ewers of S Geo.t.c.iV

fifi>	/boll be allowed to import foreign fait, or take from any falt-

worksor falt-pits any ftuh quantity of Britifh fait, where the fame is allowed by law, for airing of fijb for exportation, as they /ball think proper, for	taring fijb for foreign markets, without

duly to his Majefty for the fame, except the cuftoms payable upon tht importation thereof; in conftqutntt whereof all red herrings fpent within this realm are or Jhould he cured with that has paid the, dutiesj but in regard the fame are cured promifeuoufty, it is diffiailt to diftinguijb them from Jueb as are intended to be exported, whereby bis Majefty may be defrauded in his revenue without a proper remedy for preventing the fame :be it therefore enafted by the King’s ‘ mon excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of (he lords (piritual and. temporal, and commons in this prefent

B b 2	par-

Digitized by Google

At every fifli- parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority e h^rhT*°n to* at ^	cvery	filling	feafon	for

372	Annoo&avoGeorgii L c.4! tl72t-

of the fame. That.

. — .	m. tuv	v»	v»vi j uuuug	«wf hCTTUl^S tllC pTO“

pnetort!’ &c? P^etor or proprietors of the fait delivered duty-free for the cur-infteadof the ing of herrings for exportation, purfuant to the laid a<5t, or his oath required or their agent or agents, (hall, indead of the oath required by by 5 Geo. i. the faid make oath in writing before the officer for the duty oath onhe C on al °®cc neare^ to the place where the laid fait is quantity of lodged (who is-hereby impowered to adminifter the fame) detail intended daring the quantity of the foreign or Britijb fait refpedivcly for curing fifli lodged for curing of fi(h, and that all the laid fair is intended tion!XP°rta" f°r cur*ng °* for exportation only, and IhaJi not by his Farther provi- or their order, confent or connivance, dire&Jyor indire&iy, be fans relating to fold, given away, or any way delivered, but for the purpoie a-tbefe matters, forefaid, except fo much thereof as (hall be ufed for curing fuch I Geo i* c *! r<^ herrings, as (hall be entred with the officer of the place for reft. 41, 4i.3° home confumption, and charged with the duties by this adl Except fait chargeable thereupon, ufed for curing red herrings for home confumption.

Curer of red II. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That every herrings, after maker or curer of red herrings, from and after the twenty fifth befo^^ere**	0^ March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, be-

move them * fore he remove any red herrings (except for exportation) from (except for ex- the office or place ybere the fame (hail be cured, Qiall from time portation) to to time make entry thereof at the next falt-office, and lhall pay andfpayi?8d *° Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, a duty of one (hilling

for every thoufand.

Calks to be marked.

Upon entry,

and eight pence for every thoufand of red herrings fo to be removed, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefler quantity : and that in cafe fuch red herrings lhall be packed or put up in calks, then the number of herrings in each calk lhall be mafk-&^permi7to on the head thereof; and upon entry and payment of the be given gra- duty, and marking each calk as aforefaid, a permit fhaJI be given th.	gratis by the falt-officer, expreffing the number of red herrings

^oval^tfore" ^or w^ich t^ie duties lhall be paid as aforefaid, and the marks entry, &c.° and numbers of fuch calks, and for what place the fame are in-^befe duties tended, and whether to be fent by land or water carriage, on re*vi<v:d for pain of forfeiting all the red herrings that lhall be removed or ^‘Gco’jb'c 6 carried away before entry be made, and the duty paid, and with-* liiofery^cjthe out ca&s being marked, and permit obtained as aforefaid,, King; moiety and of the calk or veffel in which fuch herrings (hall be found, to the officer and alfo the fum of forty (hillings for every thoufand of r$d herrings fo removed, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefler red herrings** quantity, to be recovered from the perfon or perlbns who (hall removed be- fo remove or carry away the fame ; one moiety thereof to the fore entry, See. ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who (hall feize, fue or inform for the feme, to be fued for, recovered and levied in fuch manner and form, and with fuch power of mitigation; as any fine, penalty or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied and mitigated by any law of excife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint or infer* mation in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlmittflcr: and all and every officer and officers of his Majefty’s cuftoqp, a -	cxcift

373

1721Anno’ oftavo Georgii I. c. 4.

v excife or duties upon fait are hereby authorized and impowered to feize all fuch red herrings fo removed or carried before entry and payment of duty, and all other things performed as a* foreiaid, and die (aid calk or veflels wherein they (hall be found.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Proprietor of That the proprietor or proprietors of the fait delivered duty- lalt„&c. to iree for curing red herrings for exportation, his or their agent cxPrcf>

a>r agents, (hall, in the account which after the end of every Jcd^emng* filhing feafon they are to deliver in writing into the falt-office, entred for containing the quantity of filh exported or entred and (hipped home con-*0 be exported, on which the fait taken away after its delivery funaption. into the foie cuftody of the faid proprietor or proprietors, his or -their agent or agents, has been ufed or confumed, as by the former law is direded (and under the penalties thereby prescribed) exprefs alfo the quantity of red herrings entred for home confumption, on which fuch fait has been ufed or confumed.

IV.	And whereas by the aforefaid oft in the fifth year of his Ma~ sOeo.t.c. if.

jefly's reign, the proprietor or proprietors of fait delivered duly free	^

for the curing of fijh for exportation are required at the end of every	^e-

Jsjhing feafon to deliver an account in writing into the falt-office9 con- ftroyed in pre. gaining the quantity of fijh exported or entred and Jbipped to be ex- fcnce of an of-perted on which the fait taken away after its delivery into the file Sbtetn tUfiody of the faid proprietor or proprietors, his or their agent or headmitredin-agents9 has been ufed or confumed, together with a certificate or cer- ftead of certi-tifcates by the proper officers of the feveral ports where the faid fijh fcate of ex-were Jhipped for exportation, verifying the faid account: and whereas

it may happen, that fuch fijh may never be exported\ for want of an aft ^ Geo. if

opportunity to Jhip them while they are good and merchantable9Jo that c. 18.

the proprietors of the fait can have no fuch certificate as is by the

faid aft required: be it therefore enacted. That in fuch cafe the

owner of the filh may caufe them to be .deftroyed in the pre-

fence of an officer of the fait duties; and the officer’s certificate

that fuch filh were deftroyed in his prefence, lhall be admitted

to verify the account of the proprietor of the fait ufed in curing

them, inftead of the officer’s certificate that they were (hipped

for exportation, required by the faid ad.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by the Dutyof ?s. 8d. authority aforefaid. That in cafe the duties of excife on fait per thoufand (which now amount to three (hillings and four pence per bufhel u.Pon her-0n home-made fait, and fix fhiilings and eight pence per bufhel or *>e on foreign fait) or any of them, lhall ceafe, determine or be leitened* in redeemed by parliament* then the rate or duty of one (hilling proportion to and eight pence per thoufaud hereby impofed upon red herrings* duties on fait, (hall ceafc or be leffcned in proportion to the duties on fait that ofc'oco fT** (hall fo ceafe, determine or be redeemed; any thing herein c. 19. contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And whereas by an aft oj parliament made in the fir ft year f Geo 1 ftat.i. of his prefent Mayefty's reign9 tntiiuledy An ad for railing nine c. 19. (fed. 19. hundred and ten thoufand pounds for publick fervices by fale

of annuities after the rate ot five pounds centum per annum,

B b 3	re.

Digitized by

374	Anno	o&avo	Geougii L c.4.	^1711	•

redeemable by parliament; and to authorize a treaty concerning private rights, claimed by the proprietors of the fugar-boufcs ia

Scotland^ it was (inter alia) enadtd, That the comrmffioturs of the tnafwry, or any thru or mart of thorn, sr /A* lard high treafitrer for tbo time being, Jbould be and they were thereby impowered to treat with the proprietors of the fugar-houfis in Scotland for fiub June or fums of money as might bea reafonable fatisfa&ion for fed) prwate rights of exemption from cufiom and exdfe, to which thejaid propria* tors were entitled: and whereas the find proprietors of the fooar fit* gar~boufes in Scotland, commonly called the Eafter, Water and South fugar-houfcs of Giafgow and the fugar-houfes of Leith, in purftuque of the faid a& of parliament, and in confideratieeo of Aar being releafedand difcbarged of and from all claim and demand which the crown might have upon them for cufiom or txdfe, pretended to bn due by them, have propofed to furrender and difcmm ail right, title and privilege which they either had or pretended to have to any ex* emptioh from cufiom or exdfe \ which propofition appearing to he juft and reafonable, and tending to fettle the trade upon the fame foot Proprietors of in Scotland, as it is in Engknd: therefore be it enadted by the hi0U!r *uthority aforefaid, That frAn and after the twenty fifth day of pavtbc like *°	rc^ onc thoufend feven hundred and twenty two the (aid pro-

daties as other prietors (hall be fubjedt and liable to pay for their (iigars and ocher Jubjefts. commodities, the lame and fuch like duties of cufiom and ex-rife, as any other of his Majefty’s fubjedb are liable to pay by the adls of parliament now in force; any right or pretended right in the (aid proprietors to the contrary in any wife notwith-(landing.

Conditional VIL And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, bonds for pay- That all conditional bonds or other fecurities whatfoever, which, before*****0,1 or before the faid five and twentieth day of Mar A one tbou-March 17SS. &nd fcven hundred and twenty two, have been entred into by void.	the faid proprietors, or either of them, for payment or fecurity

of anynuties of cufiom or^excife, pretended to be due or payable by the laid proprietors, or either of them, as proprietors of the (aid fogar-houfes, for which they claimed exemptions, and for which fuch bonds or fecurities were given as aforefaid, be and the fame are hereby declared to be void and of no fore* or effedt 5 and the proper officer in whole power or coftody fuch bopd or fecurity j* or (hall be; is hereby authorized and required to deliver up the feme to be cancelled.

Proprietors VIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid, difdiargcd. That the (aid proprietors, their executors and adminiftrators, and every of them, (hall be and are hereby difcbarged, rdeafed, and indemnified from the payment of any duty of cufiom and excife due or pretended to be due from them, as proprietors of the faid fugar-houfes, and for which they claimed fuch exemption as aforefaid, before the (aid five and twentieth day of March one thoufend feven hundred and twenty two. pecita! of part IX. And whereas by an altfaffed in the fifth year of bn Maje* of the a& fiy's reign, intituled. An adt for recovering the credit of the Sri* sGco. 1, c. 18. ^ fifhery ^ foreign parts j aod for the better fecuring the do-

tit*

Digitized by t^ooQle

1721.'}	Anno	oftavo	Georgii	I.	c. 4:	375

ties on fait,	fartllions	are given, that at the end tf every

fief on,the	officers ftr the duty on	fait /balltake a particular

ofthe quantity tf fireign and Bridih fairemaining iu hand,which	remaining fait Jhall he immediately locked up in the joint

tujlody tf the faii officer and proprietor or	, bis or their

agent or agents 5 ana the proprietor or propor their agent or agents, tf the faid fait, uftng the faid fah as	/ball,

as faon as poffible, after the end of every ftaftn, deliver an account in writing into the office ftr the duty on Jalt, containing the quantity tf fi/b exported, or entred and /hipped to he exported, on which the fait taken awdy after its delivery into the file ctiftody of the faid proprietor or proprietors, his or their agent or agents, has hern leftd and confamed, together with a certificate or certificates by the proper officer of the ftveral ports where the faid fijh were /hipped for	exportation,which faid account delivered into the faid at

aforefaid,/hall be affirmed by the oath of the faid proprietor or proprietors, uftng the find fan as afar faid, or his or their agent or agents, who have ufed the fame; anajhcb proprietor or proprietors, cr other per fans concerned, who /hallfor the /pace offix months after ■the end of every fi/hing feafon,	neglea or refuft to account

attejled upon oath as aforefaid, /tub proprietor or proprietors, and fuch other perfon or perfans as afor faid, /ballfor every fiuh offence forfeitfortypoUnfs: and whereas fame doubts have art fin touching the periods of the ftveral fifaing fieafims, and that for the want of afctr-tainrng the time when the accounts aforefaid were to be dehvtred to the proper officers, the merchants exporters fi/b have in many places negleffcd to account for the Jolt received by them duty-free, under pretence that the fifaing feafens have ne endfor remedy whereof, and for the better fecuring of his Majefty's revenues, be it en-afted by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch quantities of fo- Tuaetofdefi-reign or	Britifafait, as have been delivered duty-free, into the vering ac-

fole cuftody of any perfon whatfoever, for the curing of fiflt for count* to offi-foreign markets, fince the four and twentieth day of June in the 2™ “certa**-year of our Lord one thou&nd feven hundred and nineteen, and before the five and twentieth day of March one thoofand feven hundred and twenty two, and which (hall not be accounted for as the faid aft direfts, on or before the five and twentieth day of March in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, (hall be accounted for as the faid aft direfts, on or before the four and twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, under the penalty of ten (hillings per penalty, bnlhel, to be recovered of the proprietor or proprietors, perfon or perfons to whom, or for whole ufe or account the faid fait was delivered, for every bulhel fo delivered, to, or received by them duty-free, for the curing of fi(h for foreign markets.	.

X. And for the more regular accounting for fuch fait as (hall be delivered duty-free, for the curing of filh for foreign mar- ^ ^counted kets, after the five and twentieth day of March one thoufand for yearly feven hundred and twenty two, be it enafted by the authority after i5Marcli mforeftid, That all fuch quantities of foreign or Britifa fait, as ,7**»

(hall be fo delivered after the faid five and twentieth day of

B b 4	March

Digitized by

Google

376	Anno o&avo Georgii L-e* 4;'	{17a**

March one tftouland fevenhundrcd and twenty two, (hall be accounted for yearly, as the aforefaid ad dire&s, within three months after the expiration of each year5 and every peribn or perfons, who (hall receive into his or their foie cuftody any quantity of foreign or Britijb fait duty-free, for curing of hfh for foreign markets, that (hall negleCt or refufc to weigh over to the proper officer what of that fait (hall remain in his or their hands, or (hall negleCt or refufe to deliver to the proper officers yearly, within three months after the expiration cif each respective year, fuch accounts of the fait received as aforefaid, and of the fi(h cured therewith, and exported as the ad directs, together with a certificate or certificates by the proper officers of the . feveral ports where the faid fifo was (hipped for exportation, verifying the faid account (which certificates the (aid officers are Penalty on hereby required to give gratis,without delay) (hall, for every negledof de- &ch offence, forfeit and lofe ten (hillings per bufhel, to be re-livery of ac- covered of the proprietor or proprietors, peribn or perfons, to counts of fait whom, or for whofe ufe or account the faid fait was delivered, of filhiS; <Pr every bu/hcl fq delivered to, or received by them; one moie-aud exported, ty °* *1* which penalties aforeuud to be to his Majclty, his heirs and fucceffors, aqtd die other moiety to the officer or officers who (hall fue or inform for the fame, to be fued for, recovered and levied, in fuch manner and form, and with fuch power of mitigation, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied and pytigafod, by any law of excife; or by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majeffy’s courts of record at Wtfiminjier, orin the court, of exchequer in Scotland, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law mall be flowed.

XI.	And whereas by forms and violent rages of the tides from fea,, into feveral ports and harbours of this realm e/* England, divers Jhips, barges, and lighter-boats, laden with fait, for which the duty and excife charged thereon were duly paid, have been Jlrandtd* over-fit, funk, and cajl away, within the bounds and limits of the fame ports qnd harbours, before the fame fait, or (my part thereof hath been landed or delivered on Jbore, whereby the laid fait hath perijbed and been wholly loft, and many of his Majeftys good fubjefts, owners of fuch fait, hade fujlaintd great and heavy damages thereby, for which no relief or redrefs in refpeft to the faid duty and excife have hitherto been provided: arid whereas by an aft of parliament made * & 3 Ann.	jn tfo [econ£ year of the reign of her late majejly £%ueen Anne, in-

c« *4*	tituled, An a<5t for the better fecuring and regulating the duties

upon fait, it is, among other things, provided and enafted. That in fuch cafes, where any fait, for which the faid duty hath been paid, Jhall by violent or ftormy weather be left at fea, any merchants, or other perfons, owners of the. faid fait, being fubjefts of this realm, Jhall upon due proof made thereof before fuch jujlices at fucb times, and in fuch manner, and with fucb reftriftions as in the fame aft are fit forth, receive a certificate of fuch proof os is therein direfted, upon producing thereof to any the officers appointed to colleft the duties on fait9 the faid officer or officers Jhall let fuch perfons buy the like

fuantitj

I7a 1 •] Anno to&aro GeorgiI I. c. 5,6.	377

quantity: of fait, <25 fi exprejfed in fucb certificate to be lojl, without paying any duty or excife for the fame, £5 by the feud aft is expreffed: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That ReTkf for fait all and every fuch merchants, and others as aforefaid, who (hall	or

be owners of any fait, which after due payment of the faid du-ty (hall perifh or be loft in any of the ports or harbours, or rivers ^0ur or river of this realm* by (terms or rages of the tides from fea, or other* of this realm. >vife, as afoftfaid, (hall, upon filch proofs to be made thereof, in all points, and in manner as by the faid recited aft is directed, be intitled to (uch certificate, ana thereupon to fuch right and privilege in all refpefts, as any owners of the like fait loft at fea in the like cafe, are entitled to by virtue of the faid aft $ any •former law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

:	CAP. V,

An aft to explain and amend the aft patted in the third year of his pre- Continued by fent Majefty’s reign, for repairing the highway from feveral places there- % Geo. i. c. aS. in mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gatehoufe and Hampftead in the county of Middlefex.

CAP. VI.

An aft for granting the people called Quakers, fuch forms . of affirmation or declarat ion, as tnay remove the difficulties • which many of them lie under.

WHEREAS for giving fome cafe to fcrapulous consciences, an 1 W. & M.

aft was made in the firjl year of the reign of their late ma+ fcff* *•c*xlm jejlies King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An aft for exempting their Majefties proteftant fubjefts, diflenting from the church of England, from the penalties of certain laws, whereby (among other things) a declaration of fidelity, in the form therein ex-prejfedy is appointed to be made ana fubferibed by certain perfons, diffenters from the church of England, who fcruple the taking of any path : and whereas an aft was made in the feventb and eighth years of the reign of his faid late majejly King William the Thirds in- 7 & 8 W# 3. tituledy An aft that the folemn affirmation and declaration of34* the people called Quakers, lhall be accepted inftead of an oath in the ufual form, under the provifions therein mentioned, which aft being at firjl temporary, was afterwards farther continued by an aft made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the rfigti of his , 3 & 14. w. j* faid late Majejly, and the fame aft is made perpetual by an aft made c. 4. in the firjl year of his prefent Majejly s reign, by which lajl mention- 1 ed aft a form, importing the efifth of the abjuration oath, is pre-• feribed to be taken by the [aid people sailed Quakers: and whereas the inconvenlencies to the Jaid people called Quakers, and their families, and to others requiring their tefiimony, in many cafes are not fufficiently avoided, by reafon of difficulties among the faid Qua* * • kers, relating to the forms of the declaration, affirmation and abju-yation before mentioned, as the fame are npw pre feribedand where*

(is it is evident, that the faid people called Quakers, have not abufed the liberty and indulgence allowed to them by law, and they have given tejlimpny of their fidelity and offeftion to his Majejly, and the fettle*

mnt

Digitized by Google

Where any Quaker it permitted to make the declaration of fidelity required by iW.&M. feff. i. c. iS. or the affirmation prefcribed by 7 Sc tW. j. c. 54. or to make the effect of the abjuration enjoined by x Geo.i.ftat. a. c. 6. he (hall make the following declaration of fidelity.

The declaration.

.Anno oSavo Georgii I. c. 6.	^1741.

ment	of the ernon in	the preteflant it	is reafenMt te give

them farther tape and relief •,may it therefore pleafe your mol excellent Majefty, that it may be enafted, and be k enaded the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua! ana temporal and commons, m this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in all cafes, where by law any Sunnier is or /hall be required or permitted to make and fubfcribe the declaration, of fidelity in the form preferibed by the laid firft mentioned aft, or to make the folemn affirmation or declaration in the form, prefcribed by the faid aft of the feventh and eighth years of the reign of his faid late majefty King	the Third, or to

take the effeft of the abjuration oath in the form prefcribed the faid aft of the firft year of his prefent Majefty*s reign, entry fuch Quaker (hall, inftead of foch firft mentioned declaration « fidelity, make and fubferibe a declaration of fidelity in foe following words, viz.

I A. B. do folemnly and ftntereh	and	»	That	/	so

be true and faithful to King George; and de folemnljfatcerdy, and truly prof eft, tejlify and declare, That I de from my heart eb-her, dettjl and renounce, as impieus and	, that	dee-

trine and pofuion, That princes excommunicated or deprived by the pope, or any authority of the fee of Rome, may be depoftd or thered by their fubjetts, or any other	And I de declare.

That no foreign prince, perjon, prelate, hate or potentate, hath or tught to have, any	power, jurifdifiion,Juperiority, prebemntnu or

authority,	tulefiajlical or	fpiritual	within this realm.

And inftead of And inftead of the folemn affirmation or declaration, in the the affirmation form prefcribed by the faid aft of the feventh and eighth rears of j* 7 & the reign of his faid late majefty King IVilliam the Thin!, every f>now?ngaffir- Qyaker (hall make the folemn declaration or affirmation mation. following, viz.

Theaffirma- T A. B. do folemnly, finctrely, and truly declare and affirm, tion.	J[

And.inftead of	And inftead of the form prefcribed by the laid aft of the firft

the form of year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for the effeft of the abjura-

the abjuration tion oath, every fuch Quaker (hall take the effeft thereof in the

by» Geo. t. following words, viz. fta*. *. c.	6.	6

effe'ft^hereof T A. B. do	folemnly, fincerely, and truly acknowledge, profefs, tefli-

a« follows. A fy, and declare. That King George is lawful and rightful King JSffe£t of the of this realm, and of all other his dominions and countries thereunto Mtk*1'00 belonging ■, and I do folemnly and finctrely declare. That 1 do beUcve the perjon pretended to be the prince Wales, during the lift of the late King James, and finct his	pretending to be, and	taking

Mon himfelf the Jli/e and title of King of England, by the name of James the Third, or of Scotland, by the name of James the Eighth, pr thefile and title ofKing of Great Britain, both net ary right or tide

what-

Digitized by LjOoq le

379

4?ii.] An&o oftavo Georgii I. c.

whatfoever to tbi crown of this realm, nor any other the dominions thereunto belonging j and I do renounce and refufe any allegiance or obedience to him. And I do folemnly promife, that I will be true and faithful, and bear true allegiance to King George, and to him will be faithful againft all traitorous conspiracies and attempts whatfoever, which Jball be made againf bis per Ion, crown or dignity. And 1 will do my bejl endeavour to dtfclofe ana make known to King George, and bis JucceJfors, all treafons and traitorous confpiracies, which I Jball know to be made againft him, or any of them. And I will be true and faithful to the fucceffion of the crown againft him the faid James, and all other perjons whatfoever, as the fame is and hands fettled byanafty intituled, An aft declaring the rights and liberties of % w - M the fubjeft, and fettling the fucceffion of the crown, to the late selT. *. c. i! SPuetn Anne, and the heirs of her body, being proteftants; and as toe fame, by one other alt, intituled. An aft for the further limi- ,* & , j w. 3. tation of the crown, and better fecuring the rights and liberties c. a. of the fubjeft, is andJlands fettled and intaiied, after the deceafe of the feud late Queen, and for default of ijfue of the faid late <$ueen> to the late trimefs Sophia, eleflorefs and dutchefs dowager pf Hanover, and the heirs of her body, being proteftants. And all thefe things I do plainly and Jincerely acknowledge, promife and,declare, according , to theft exprcfs words by me fpolen, and according to the plain and common fenfe and underftandtng of the fame words, without any equivocation, mental evafm, or fecret refervation whatfoever. And I do make this recognition, acknowledgment, renunciation, and promife, heartily, willingly and truly.

And all perfons authorised or required to adminifter or tend- pcrfon| tx, either the faid former declaration of fidelity, or the faid for- required to iner folemn affirmation or declaration, or the former effeft of the adminifter the abjuration oath aforefaid, (hall be and are hereby authorized and forpcr ded*-rcquired to adminifter and tender the fame refpeftively to the faid adminifter the people called Jfytakers, in the words by this aft refpeftively ap- feme in the pointed.	words ap-

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That	bjr

the declaration of fidelity, and folemn affirmation or declaration,th,$ aa# jand the effeft of the abjuration oath, appointed by this aft for Tbc ded*1’*-the faid people called Quakers, inftead of the refpeftive forms r^intedChere-

{jrefcribcd for the fame by the faid recited afts, ‘ fhall refpeftive- by, to be of y be adjudged and taken to be of fuch and the fame force and the fame force, effeft, and no other, to all intents and purpofes, in all courts “l* ra*cn in of juftice and clfewhere, as if fuch Quaker had made and fub- fcHbed^^the (bribed the declaration of fidelity, or had made the folemn former acb, affirmation or declaration, or had taken the effeft of the abjuration oath, in the refpeftive forms appointed by the faid recited Rfts: and if any perlon making fuch affirmation or declaration, pCrfons con* as is appointed by this aft to be made, inftead of the affirmation vitfed of folft or declaration in the form prescribed by the before-mentioned	See.

flft of the feventh and eighth years of the reign of his faid late jnajefty King William the Third, fhaU be lawfully convifted of perjury, ivijful, falfe and corrupt affirming nr declaring any matter or7Set w, 3,

thing,

Digitized by

Google

3*0

Anno odtavo Georgii I. c.7,8.	^172*;

thing, which if fwom in the common or ufoal form, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt peijury, evciy fuch perfon fo offending (hall incur and fuffer fuch and the lame pains, penalties and forfeitures, as are infli&ed or ena&ed by the laws and ftatutes of this realm, againft perfons convicted of wilful and

corrupt peijury.

An daisies,&c.	MI. Provided always. That all claufes, provifoes and creep-

in the rented tions, contained in the faid recited affcs, or any of them, not ads, not here, hereby exprefly altered or repealed, (hall be of fuch and the by altered, to famc i

force and effeft, as they were before the making of this

remain m	^	9	*	®

CAP. VII.

An aft for laying a dutyof two pennies Scots, or one fixtfa part of a penny fterling, upon every Scots pint of ale or beer that (hall be brewed foe fair, vended, or tapped within the town of Etgine and privileges thereof, for paying the publick debts of the faid town, and tor other purpo-fes therein mentioned.

remain in force.

After March 15, 1712, for 19 years, and to. the end of the then next fcf-•iion of parliament, a duty of two pennies Scots laid on all beer and ale fold) Ac. in Elgine. Payable by the brewers. Ac. to the magiftratts.

CAP. VIII.

An aft to enable bis Majefty effeftuaUy to prohibit commerce . (for the Jpace of one year) with any country that is or Jhall \ be infefted with the plague ; and for fbortmng the continuance of an aftpaffed in the feventb year of his Majefty9s reign, intituled, An aft for repealing an aft made in the . ninth year of her late Majefty Queen Anne, intituled* An aft to oblige fhips coming from places infefted, more effeftually to perform their quarentine ; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or ifles of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; and to hinder the fpreading of infeftion.

WH E RE A S feveral places in foreign parts, having for fome time paji been, andJlill continuing to be vifitedwitb the plague, it may be judged necejfary by his Majejly, for fecuring his kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and the dominions thereunto belonging, from fo dreadful a calamity, to prohibit or refrain the commerce be* tween his Majejly's fubjefts and thofe of any other country or place, which is or Jhall be mfefted with the plague: and whereas it will be requifite to inforce fuch prohibition or rejlraint by fcucre penalties;

EXP.

;Thc King may by proclamation, to be iflued before December xs, 1719. forbid all perfons to go to anyplace infefted, or to export or carry goods, See, to any fuch places before March 25, 1723. under the penalties fpeci-fied in this aft, and under the regulations in fuch proclamation. His Majefty may likewife forbid any perfon to come or import any commodities frofrn fuch places before March 25, 1723. Goods, Ac. exported contrary hereto, ana the veflels, Ac. (hall be forfeited. Exporters of foch goods, Ac. (hall forfeit double the value. Perfons coming from places infefted (hall incur a Premmre. Veflels and perfons coming from infefted places,

aod

Digitized by v^ooQle

x yzi .3	Anno oftavo Georgii I. c. 9,10.' 381

and attempting to enter any port of Great Britain or Ireland, may be hindered and oppofed by force. VefTels and perfons coming and goods brought from infefted places, and landing contrary to this aft, fuch perfons mall ' be adjudged felons without benefit of dergy, and fuch lhrp and goods (hall be burnt. Perfons procuring fbch goods to be imported, (hall forfeit the treble value thereof. Two thirds of the forfeitures to the King, the other third to the informers.

VI.	And be it further enaftedby the authority aforefaid, That an aft pafled in the feventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign,	f

intituled, An aft for repealing an aft made in the'ninth year of her 7C toconti-* late Majejiy Queen Anne, intituled, An aft to oblige ftlips coming nue in force from places infected more effectually to perform their quaren- till March 15, tine; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from *7*3? ^ no foreign parti into Great Britain or Ireland, or ijles of Guemfey, Geo. a. Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Man, and to hinder the fpreading of in- c. 6. ftftion, or any thing therein contained, (hall not continue in force any longer than until the faid twenty fifth day of March * one thoufand feyen hundred and twenty three; any thing in the * faid aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. ‘

CAP. IX.

An aft for continuing an a61 pafled in the tenth year of the reign of her late Majelty, intituled, An aft for repairing the highway between a certain place, called Kilburn-Bridge in the county Middlelex, and Sparrows- *

Heme in the county of Hertford ; and for making the laid aft more effectual.

Continued for twenty one years after the expiration thereof. Farther con• tinued by Geo. a. c.14.

CAP. X.

jin aft for repealing fuch claufes in the aft pajfed in the fe~ , ventb year of bis Majejiy9s reign (relating to quarantine and the plague) as give power to remove perfons from their habitations, or to make lines about places infefted.

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the feventh year of the reign yGeo.i.ftat.f.

of his prefent Majejiy, intituled, An aft for repealing an c.j. aft made in the ninth year of the reign of her late Majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An aft to oblige Jhips coming from places infefted, more ejfeftually to perform their quarentine; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the ifles of Guemfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Man ; and to hinder the fpreading of infeftion, it is, amongfl other things enafted, That if any perfon infefted with the plague, or obliged to perform quarentine, Jballwilfully refufe or negleft to repair ■ within convenient time, after due notice for that purpofe given to him, her or them, by the proper officer, to the Jhip, houfe, lazaret, or other place, duly appointed for him, her or them, or having been placed in Juch Jhip, houfe, lazaret, or other place, Jhall efcape, or attempt to efcQpe out of the fame, whiljl he, Jhe or they Jball continue infefted, or before quarentine fully performed refpeftively, it Jball and may be lawful to and for the watchmen, and other perfons appointed to fee quarentine performed, by any kind of violence, that the cafe Jball re-quire, to compel every fuch perfon Jo refvfmg or neglefting qs afore*

Jmd,

Digitized by GOIC

3&2	Anno oftavo Geoxgii T. c. 10.	^72

faid? and every fitch perfon fo efcaping, or attempting t$ efcape as a-forefaid, to repair er return unto fuel Jbip? boufe? la&zret? er ether place Jo appointed for him er her as aforefaid •? and everyJutb perfem fo reptfing or mgktting to repair within convenient Urns after Jutb notice as aforefaid? into fucb flip? boufe? lazaret? er ether place appoint-ed for. oim or her as aforefaid? and alfo every perfem attuaBy efcaptteg as afortjaid? flail be adjudged guilty of felony? and /ball feffer death as a Jelon without benefit of clergy ; and it is by tbe find rioted a& alfo further enatted? That if at any time or times hereafter? any city3 town or place within Great Britain or JrdmdyJbaB be tnfe&ed with tbe plague? it /ball and may be lawful to and for bis MajcJijy bis heirs and fiuceffors? to caufe one or more line or unity trench or trenches? to be caji up or made about Jutb in fitted city? town or place% at a convenient dijtance Jrom tbe fame? in order to cut of tbe communication between pub infetted city? town or place? and tbe rtjf of tbe country 5 and to prohibit all perfons? goods ami merchandizes wbatfoever? to enter? pafs? or be carried over fucb Urns or trenches? unlefs in pub safes? and by fucb proper licence? and fubjett to fucb regulations and reftrittions for performance of quarentine? as JbaB be diretted or permitted by any order or orders made? or to be made by his Afajefj? bis heirs or fuccejfors? in council? and notified by proclamation ? and in cafe any perfon or perfons? being within fucb lines or trenches? or any of them? /ball? hiring the time of fucb infettion? prefume or attempt to come out of tbe fame? unlefs in Juch cafes? and by fucb proper licence* and fubjett to Juch regulations and rejftrittionsjor performance of quarentine ^ as Jball be diretted or permitted by juch order or orders made or to be made? and notified as aforefaid •? it Jball and may be lawful to and for tbe watchmen? or perjons appointed to guard or feacre fucb lines or trenches? or any of them? by any kind of violence that the cafe /hall require? to compel all and every fucb perfon and perfons to return back within fucb lines or trenches? and in cafe any perfon fballattsutl-ly come out of fucb lines or trenches? or any of them (unlefs in fucb cafes? and by fucb proper licence? and fubjett to fitch regulations and reftrittions as aforefaid) every fucb perfon /ball be adjudged guilty of The dailies in felony? and fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy : and where-the recited ' as the execution of the powers and authorities mentioned in tbe faid re-att, giving	claujes	might be very grievous to thefubjetts of this kingdom; be

ro^Mrfons lt therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent tnajefty, by and infe&ra to a- with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal uy (hip. &c. or and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the t£Tw*eauthority of the fame, That the faid recited daufes, and the pow-ty &c Ynfca* crs therein mentioned, and all other powers in the find aa? to ed, or to com- compel any perfon or perfons to remove from his, her or their pel perfons to habitations, to any (hip, lazaret or other place, (hall be and remove from are hereby repealed and made void from and after the fire and their habita- twentieth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twen-

t.onju*p«l- ty ,wo>

March *5, II. Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained (hall 17***	be conftrued to repeal or make void any of the powers or peml-

Thi* aft (hall ,’fs *n the faid recited aft mentioned, relating to perfons who not repeal a- (hall be on board any Ihip obliged tq perform quarentine, or

6	come

iji 1.3 Anno q&avo Georgji I. c. 11.	313

come on fhore, or go on board any other (hip from any (hip ny powers or obliged to perform quarantine, but that fuch powers and penal* ties (hall be and remain in as full force, as it this a& bad not been made.	toperfom5

CAP. XI.	obfcedto

An aft for rearing and rebuilding the haven and piers Bridport in the county of Dorfct, and for making a flues there.

WHEREAS good harbours and ports for /hipping are the great eft encouragement to trade and navigation^ upon which the riches andflrengtb of this kingdom do chiefly depend: and where-as the borough or town ^Bridport in the county tf/'Dorfct, was here-tofore by reafon of the haven or port there, a place of great trade and commerce9 and as fuch bath been taken notice of by JeveraJ charters of bis Majeftfs royal predeceffors9 and other antient records 5 but by reafon of a great flcknefs, which heretofore happened in the /aid borough or towny and Jwept away the greaieft part of the wealthy inhabitants thereof and by other accidents9 the fold haven became neglefted and choaked with fands9 and the piers thereof fell to ruin, to the, great decoy of the trade of the faid borough; and as now there is no fecuri-ty for /hips that happen to come, or be driven by flrefs of weather /«-to the deep and dangerous bay, wherein the faid haven formerly was»

Jbipwrecks frequently happen, and the lives and eflatet of many of his fliajeflfs fubjefts are M, which might be prevented,\ tf the faid ha* ven and piers were rejtored and rebuilt with proper and convenient flute or flutes to four and cleanfe the fame, and the antient trade of the faid borough thereby might be revived, bis Majeftfs cuftoms much augmented, and the value of lands adjacent be greatly improved: to the end therefore that the faid haven or harbour, and piers, may be r/-flored and rebuilt9 and fuch flute and flutes made9 with proper and convenient keys9 wharfs and landing-places9 for loading and uploading of flips; be it enaded, &c.

The bailiffs and capital burgefietf of Bridport in Com. Dorf. appointed truftees for repairing the haven and piers there, See. And they or their affigns may, after June %±917*1. aflign a place near Bridport Mouth, where the faid harbour, piers, prices, See. mall be made, where the materials (hall be laid, Sec. The major part of the bailiffs, &c. may remove rocks and ft ones on the fea-fhore, within three miles from Bndport Mouth; may have free paffage, Sec. But they (hall agree with the owners, See. of the ground. If any perfons refute to agree, or through difability cannot, two iuftices of Dorfetfhire may iffiie precepts to the fheriff of that county, for impanelling a jury. The fheriff to return twenty four qualified pert-Tons, to whom the parties interefted may have legal challenges. The firft twelve being fworn, (hall affefs damages to the proprietors. The juftices to give judgment for the fums affeffed. There (hall be paid to the colle&ors for every weigh of (alt, laft of wheat, rye, See. chaldron of coals and tun of other goods, imported and exported, ia d. Every (hip, Sec. of ten tun barthtn, or above, to pay sd. per tun. The bailiffs, Sec. may convey the duties as a fecurity for money borrowed. When the bailiffs, Sec. are repaid the money laid out, the duties (hall ceafe: and from thenceforth each weigh of fait, (aft of wheat, Sec. chaldron of coals and tun of other goods,

' dec. imported or exported, (ball pay only 6d. And each (hip, Sec. 1 <L per tun. Saving to the lords of Symondfbury, Burton and Bothenhampton, kJl their rights, Sec,

CAP.

3*4

Anno txftavo GeorgiiI. c. 12.	tl7H»

CAP. XII.

An a ft .giving further encouragement for the importation of naval ft ores, and for other purpofes therein mentioned. ♦

3	& 4. Ann. TT7HEREA S in the third and fourth years of the reign of her c* ip“	V	V	Majefty ^ueen Anne, a good law was made fsr enew*

raging the importation of naval ftores front her Majefty's plantations in America, by an a ft which commenced the firft day of January one thoufand [even hundred and Jive, and continued from thence forward xi Ann. flat. 1 .for the Jpace of nine years \ and by an aft made in the twelfth year c. 9.	of her Jaid late Majefty s reign, the aforefaid aft is continued from

the time of the expiration of the fame, for the further term of' eleven years, and from theme to the end of the next fejfton of parliament; and by the aft laft mentioned, encouragement is given for the importation 6f naval fores from that part of Great Britain called Soot-" land, to that part of Great Britain called England, during the remainder of the time limited for granting premiums to the importer \ of naval Jlores from America, by the faid afts: and whereas, in am-fequence of the faid encouragement, it is found by experience that great quantities of good 'and merchantable pitch and tar (part of the naval ftores mentioned in the faid afts) have been imported into this kingdom from the [aid plantations in America, which pitch and far have been found ufcful for the fervice of his Majefty's nazy, and it is tiecejfary to give further encouragement therein : and whereas it is* probable that the owners of large trails of land in the faid plantations, and in that part ^Great Britain called Scotland, lying near the fea% and upon navigable rivers, would be induced to few the fame with hemp, if farther encouragement were given for that purpofe: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be en-afted, and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and* Premium for	authority	of the fame. That the premium or reward of fix.

ton of hemp pounds, given by" the (aid afts for eveiy ton of hemp water-rot-&c. continued ted, bright and clean, each ton containing twenty grofs hun-fromexpira- dreds and fix pounds, (hall be continued from the expiration of x** Ann for ^	0 ^le	year	her	f^d	late	Majefty's reign,

16 years, kc. f°r anc* during the term of fixteen years, and from thence to the farther conti- end of the next feflion of parliament, and (hall be paid and pay-mudhy i6Geo. able in the fame manner, and under the fame rules, methods a. c.^16. and an(j reftriftions, as are preferibed in and by die faid former afts 24 *eo.a.c 57. or ejtjjCr Qf them, touching the fame; and all fuch hemp, being lawfully imported into this kingdom after the four and twen-Hemp import- tieth day of June one thoufand (even hundred and twenty two, cd after 24 (hall free an<j c]ear 0f and ^om a|j duties, cuftoms and im-P°firions whatfoever, payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors; any law, cuftom or other matter or thing to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II. And whereas great quantities of wood and timber, and of the goods commonly called lumber, herein after particularly enumerated, (that is to fay) deals of fcveral forts, timber balks of fevtral Jhzts,

barrel

Digitized by

Google

TJ2, i,] Anno odtavo Gbougii T. c. it.	385

barrel boards, dap boards, pipe boards, $r pipe holt, wto* boards for Jhoemakers, boom and cant jpars, bow Jlaves, capravens, clap boh, ebony wood, headings for pipes,	for hogjheaas and barrels,

hoops for coopers, oars, pipe and kogjheadJtavcs, barrelJlaves, firkin /laves, trunnels, fpecJded wood, fweet wood, fmall fpars, oak, plank and wainfcot, ar feme of them, have ufually been imported into this kingdom from foreign countries at excejfive rates or prices, efpecialfy in time of ivar, and foreigners have thereby found opportunities to export tne coined monies of this realm ; and it is well known that the jaid commodities, being of the growth and product of his Majejly's plantations in America, may be furnijhed from thence, if due encouragement was given in that behalf: be it therefore enaefted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons, who. Wood, lum-within the term of one and twenty years, to be reckoned from bcr»&c* (cx-the four and twentieth day of June one thoufand feven hundred imported and twenty two, (hall import or caufe to be imported into Great fromAmerica, Britain, diredlly from any of his Majefty’s Briti/h plantations or for *1 years colonies in America, in any (hip or veflel, (hips or veffels, which after 1* June may lawfully trade to 6r from his Majefty’s faid plantations or £r7cle2' duty~ colonies, and which (hall be navigated according to law, any Ibrt of wood, plank or timber whatfoever, wrought or unwrought, or any of the goods called lumber, before in this a# enumerated, fueh wood, plank, timber and lumber, being of the growth Lignum Vita and product of tne faid plantations or colonies, or fome of them, may imported (except mads, yards and bowfprights, touching which duties dutyfree by and premiums are afeertained by former a<fts in that behalf)	1 at***

lhall and may import the fame free from all cuftoms and impo- * 7’ ' 5* fitions whatsoever, granted to his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ceffors.

III.	And to the end his Majefty’s royal navy may, from time Pre-emptionof

to time, have the benefit of fo much of fuch nemp, as (hall be	be*tcn-

requifite for the fervice thereof; be it further enacted by the au-	to com-k

thority aforefaid. That upon the importation of any hemp, for miffioners,&c, which any bounty or premium is by this or any former a<ft gi- of the navy. Ven, the pre-emption or refufal of fuch hemp (hall be offered suclihempnot and tendered to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s navy, or fome contracted for of their agents for the time being, upon landing the fame; and by Wlth-If within the fpace of twenty days after fuch tender, the faid hcrwife° commiflioners (hall not contract or bargain for the fame, it (hall aifp0fed 0f. be lawful for the importer or importers, owner or owners of fuch

hemp, otherwife to difpofe thereof, as by law they may, for his, her or their bed profit and advantage.

IV.	And whereas in arid by the faid aft, made in the third and ^ ^ fourth years of her faid late Majejly Queen Anne, [intituled. An 10. a<ft for encouraging the importation ofnaval (lores from her Majefty’s plantations in America,] a reward or premium was given for

tar, brought into this kingdom direftly from her Majejly's plantations in America, after the rate of four pounds for every ton of good and , merchantable tar, under fuch rules, regulations, and provisoes, as are therein mentioned \ which aft was continued by one other aft made in the twelfth year of the fame reign, [intituled, An a eft for continuing **Ann. (Utu Vp 1. XIV.	Cc	anCi 9‘

Digitized by LjOOQle

3*6

$Geo. i.c. ii.

After 19 Sept. 1724, No certificate to be made by officer of the customs for tar imported, &c. nor bill granted by comraif fioners of navy to entitle importer to a premium, unleft certificate from governor, Uc, do exprefs that fuch tar was made from green trees in manner hereby preicribed.

The manner.

Farther provi-fions relating , hereto ,1 Geo. a. C. 35. f. xa.

Anno o&avo Georgii I. c. 12.	u»

an a€t made in the third and fourth years of the reign of her pre-font Majefty, intituled, An ad for encouraging the importation of naval (lores from her Majefty’s plantations in America; and for encouraging the importation of naval ftores from that part erf Great Britain called Scotland to that part of Great Britain called England, and is fill in force; and by the fend lajl mentioned the like reward or premium of four pounds per ton, was extended to and given for tar brought from that part of Great Britain called Scotland to that part of Great Britain called England, under the like rules, regulations, and provisoes, as in the cafe of plantation tar -and whereas by one other ail pajfcd in the fifth year of the reign of bis prefentMajejly, intituled^ An ad againft the clandettine running of uncuftomed goods j and for the more effedual preventing of frauds relating to the cuftoms, the faid reward or premum is to be allowed for fuch tar only as Jhould be clean, goody merchantable, and well con-dittoned, and fit for making cordage; and neverthelcfsy the tar imported from the faid plantations has hitherto been found to retain an hot and thick quality, whereby it is not fo fit for mating cordage, as the Ecfl country tar: wherefore for remedy thereof for the future and to the end his Majefty’s navy may have the benefits intended by the laid ads, in being fupplied with plantation tar fit for making cordage; be it enacted by the authority aforetud, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand (even hundred and twenty four, no certificate be made out by any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, in any port of this kingdom, for any tar which fhall be imported into this kingdom, from any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in America, nor any bill made out by the com-miffioners or principal officers of his Majefty’s navy, whereby to entitle the importer of fuch tar to any reward or premium, un-lefs the certificate of the governor, lieutenant-governor, coliedor of the cuftoms, and naval officer, or any two of them, (which certificate is by the faid ad of the third and fourth years of the reign of her faid late Majefty Queen Anney direded to be by them made out in fuch terms, manner and form, and for fuch intents and purpofe6 as are therein mentioned] do exprefs. That it has appeared to them dhe perfons fo certifying) by the oath of the owner or maker ot the tar, for which fuch certificate (hall be granted (fuch oath to be made before any juftice of the peace within the colony or plantation where tich tar (hall be made, who is hereby authorized to adminiller the fame) that the tar therein mentioned was made from green trees prepared for that purpose, after the following manner; that is to fay. That when fuch trees were fit to bark, the bark thereof was ftript eight foot, or thereabouts, up from the root of each tree, a (lip of the bark of about four inches in breadth having been left on one fide of each tree; and that each tree, after having been fo bark’d, had ftood during one year at the lead, and was not before cut down for the making of tar; any thing herein^ or in any former latf to the contrary notwithftanding.

V. Jkl

Digitized by v^.ooQle

Anno pftftvo Georgii I. c. 12."	387

;; V. And whereas the laws already made* and/till in force, for the prefervation of white pine-trees in bis Majejty's colonies of New Hamoftfire, the Maflachufcts Bay, and province of Main, Rhode*

Ifland, and Providence Plantation, the Narr^ganfet country, or King’s Province, and Connecticut in New England, and New York, and New Jerfey, in America, for the majiing the royal na~ have been found infufjuient for that purpofe> fo that a further proven is mcejfary to be made therein: and Jorafmuch as there are great numbers of white pine-trees, fit for majiing the royal navy, growing in his Majefly province <9/Nova Scotia in America; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and af- Nowhitepinei ter the twenty firft day of September one thoufand feyen hundred trees. Sic. i*i and twenty two* no perfon or perfons within the faid colonies America to be or plantations of Nova Scotia, New Hampjhire, the Majfachufets orMkd Bay9 and province of Main, Rhode-I/land, and Providence Plan-	11	Se*1*'

lotion, the Narraganfetcountry, or King's Province, and Connec- farther provi-ficut in New England, and New York, and New Jerfey, in Ame- <vtfions relating rieay or within any of them, do or (hall prefume to cut, fell or hereto9%Gto.a. (Jeftroy any white pine-trees, not growing within any townfhip, ' or the bounds, lines or limits thereof, in any of the laid colonies or plantations, without his Majefty’s royal licence for fo doing firft had and obtained, on pain that every perfon fo cutting, felling and deftroying fuch pine-trees, or whp (hall be aiding or aflifting therein, or in drawing away the faid pine-trees, after the fame (hall have been fo cut, felled or deftroyed/(hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the feveral and refpedtive Aims following; That is to fay, for every white pine-tree, of the growth of twelve inches diameter and under, at three foot Penalties o& from the earth, the fum of five pounds; for every fuch tree, from"offendc^,• twelve inches to eighteen inches diameter, the fum of ten pounds; for every fuch tree, from eighteen inches to four and twenty inches diameter, the fum of twenty pounds; and for every fuch tree, from four and twenty inches diameter and upwards, the fum of fifty pounds ; which feveral penalties and forfeitures (hall and may be fued for within fix months after the offence commit- How to be re* red, by plaint or information, upon, the oath of one or more covcrcd* credible witnefs or witneffes, before the judge of the admiralty, . or his deputy, within the colony or plantation, where fuch pine-tree (hall be cut, felled or deftroyed; one moiety of fuch penal^ ties and forfeitures to be to his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefibrs, the other moiety to the informer who (hall fue for the fame ; and in cafe any difpute fhall arife whether fuch tree, when cur,, felled or deftroyed, was growing within any townfhip, or the	*

bounds, lines or limirs thereof, as aforefaid, the proof (hall lie upon the owner ; and on conviton of fuch offender for fuch offence, as aforefaid, if he (hall refufe or neglecft to pay the penalty and forfeiture thereby .incurred by the fpace of twenty days after fuch convi&ion, that then fuch judge or his deputy (hall and may, by warrant under his hand and feal, caufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, rendering the overplus* if any be, to the owner; and when no fuf-

Cc 2	ficient

White pine-tteer, rinftsi See, foiled without licence, forfeited to tkc king.

9 Ann. c.iy.

ftepeal of part ofj^Ann. c.17. for prefer nation ot white and other pine-trees,fee.

Anno d&avi GfeoRGH I. G. 13, (4.	t'T*1

ficient diftrefs can be found, fuch judge or deputy fhali commit the offender to prifon, within the colony or plantation where fuch offence (hall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, during fuch time as fuch judge or deputy (hall appoint, not exceeding twelve months, nor lefs than three months* or until fuch offender (hall pay the penalty or fum of money fa recovered ; and after fuch payment made, (hall Hkewife find (Efficient fecuritv for his good behaviour, during the fpace Of three years, to be accounted from the time of fuch his conviction : and it is hereby declared, that all white pine-trees* mafU or logs made from fuch trees, which from and after the foid one and twentieth day of September one thoufancf feren hundred and twenty two (hall be found cut or felled without fuch licence a4 a-forefaid, in any of his Marjefty’s faid colonies nr plantations, fhall be forfeited and feized for the ufe of his Majerfy, his heirs and fuCceffors; any former law, ufage or cuftoni to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And ivheteas by one ether aft made in the ninth year of the reign of her late ‘Majcfy £)uccn Anne, intituled, An aft for the pre-fervation of white and other pine-trees growing in herMajeft/s colonics of New Hampfnre, the Maffacbufets Bay, and province of Main, and khode If and, and Providence Plantation, the Aar-raganfet country, of King's Provence, Connecticut in New Eng^ land, and New Tori, and Newjerfcy, in America, far the matting her Majefty’s navy, it was amotigfl Other things, encrfhri. That no perfon or perfo?is, within the j'aid colonies and plantations, fitmld ait, fell or defroy any white pine-tree, jit for mail (not being the property of any private perfon) fuch tree being of the growth of four ana twenty inches diameter and upwards, at twelve inches from the earth, without her Majefys licence, on the penalty of one hundred pounds fterling, to be recovered, levied and djflributed, as therein is mentioned; be it hereby further enafted, That fo much of the faid aft as relates to the cutting, felling or deftroymg fuch white pine-trees, and the penalties to be incurred thereby, (hall, from and after the one and twentieth day of September one thoafnnd feven hundred and twenty two, be and (land abfolutely repealed.

:	cap.	xiii.

An aft for the amending the highways leading from Brampton Bridge near Church Brampton in the county of Northampton, through the pnrifh of Thomby, to a bridgt called Welford Bridge m the parifo of Wel-ford ifi the laid county ; and alfo the great poft-road from a place cal/-. ed Morter Pit Hill in the jparifh of Pistord In the faid county, through the towns and parities of Brixworth, Lamport. Maid well, KeUnarih and Oxenden Magna, to a bridge called Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harborough m the county of Leicefter.

The toll granted by this aft is to have continuance from the 15th of March *7a 1, for 21 years. Costi/tued by 23 Geo. 1. c.

CAP. XIV.

An aft for making the river Eden navigable to Bank End in the county %	of	Cumberland,

The undertakers Thomas Pattinfon, Sic. their heirs and afligns, impow-efed to improve the paflage of the river Eden, and fender it more«n*-

gabie

Digitized by Google

AnnOo&avo Georoti I. c.15;.

gable ^br barges, #c. front Ellen Foot, to Bank End. To which purpofe they may cleaofe, deepen, &c. the faid river, ere& new wofks, See. Remove land, &£. They (hall not ftraiten the river but by making it deeper. The juftices of Cumberland in quarter-feflions to determine what fatisfa&ion ihall be given to the owners of grounds Tq ftnnmon the parties concerned, and enquire by witndfes upon oath, of the damage. Tolls to be talc-en by the undertakers for 11 years, viz. For every tun of coal eight pence, and for every tun of cynaers one (hilling and four pence, and for every ttm of lime or limeftone eight pence, perfons throwing dirt into the river may be fued, and ihall pay the cofts of the removal, and treble colts of fust. Saving to the lords, &c. of royalties, Ax. their liberties of (idling, &e.

Coals carried from Ellen Foof to Bank End, not liable to the duty. Owners of boats Ihall enter into bond to land the coals in the bay of the river * Juien in Com. Cumberland, and bring a return figned by the proper officer. is. to be paid for the bond, and4d. for the return. Mailers of boats, See. not obliged to take a certificate, See. for loading or conveying lone from creek to creek between Ellen Foot and Bank End.

CAP. XV.

jin aCl for encouragement of the fi manufactures of this kingdom j and for taking off feveral duties on merchandizes exported; and for reducing the duties upon fidns, pepper, mace, cloves and nutmegs	s	and	for

the importation of alt furs of the product of the Britifh plantations, into this kingdom only •, and that the two corporations of affurance, on any fuits brought on their policies fhall be (table only to Jingle damages and cofts of fuit,

MAY it pleaft your moji excellent	M whereas the wealth

and	profperity	of this kingdom doth very much depend upon the

improvement of its manufactures, and the profitable trade carried on by the exportation of the fame, which trade ought, by all proper means, to be encouraged, for the mere comfortable fupport and tenance of great numbers of your Majejly s fubjeCls employed in the making or working offuchgoods, and for the enlargement of the commerce of Great Britain:	and whereat the manufacture of ftlk, fluffs,

and of fluffs mixed with ftlk, width is one the moft considerable branches of the manifaClures of this kingdom, has of late years, been greatly improved in this kingdom, and there is reafoti to believe, thoi the exportation of them into foreign parts would	increafe,

were it not obJlruCied and hindered by rcaftn of the high duties payable upon the importation of raw and thrown filk, without any allowance being made upon the faid ftljcs, when wrought ftp and exported; and in regard the faid raw and thrown filk, when exported unmanufactured, do draw back great part of the duties paid inwards; and it fetms jufi and reafonablt that the faid fills, when made up, fltould al-fo enjoy the fame benefit and allowance upon the exportation of them; and for that there	is a wo fie of the raw and thrown	ufed in

mss ufa dure: therefore we your Majefty’s moil dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament sjflembled, . do humbly pray your Majefty, That it may be enacted, and be -h .enaded by the King’s moil excellent majefty, hy and with the advice and cofifent of the lords fpirirual and temporal and commons, u» this pseftmt parliament affeaibjfid, and by the authority

C c 3	of

v_3$o	Anno	offcvo	Georgii I. c.157	^17**;

Allowances to of the fame, That the feveral and refpeCtive allowances or fum j exP°n^r? P(. of money hereafter in this aCt exprefled, (hall be paid to any ZSuEU F*1^011 or Pcrfons, who at any time or times, within or during in Great Bri- the term of three years, to be reckoned from the twenty fifth tain.	day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, or

Theft ehtufes at any t‘mc or ^mcs before the end of the then next fc/Eon of farther conti- parliament, (hall really and truly export out of this kingdom by nmedby nGeo. way of merchandize, any of the goods or commodities of the i.c.29. left.*, manufacture of Great Britain, herein after particularly fpedfied, wltotix*”' anc* *n proportion for any greater quantity ; that is to fry,

end of the next Jkffion, and farther continued by a Geo. a. c. t8, to Sept»1754. Explained by t Geo. a. flat. a. c. 17. feft.10. Farther continued by 15 Geo. a. c.35. and 10 Geo. a. c. 45.

Ribbons, See. ot Oik only.

Silk,&e.t mixed with gojd or (ilver.

Silk (lockings,

SC Cm

Stuffs of (ilk and grogram yarn.

Silk mixed with incle or cotton.

Stuffs of /ilk and worded.

By whom the allowances (hall be paid.

Security to be given by exporter, that silks. Sec. (hall not be relanded.

For all ribbons and (luffs made in Great Britain of filk only* and exported as aforefaid, the fum of three (hillings for every pound-weight jfverdupois.

For all fflks and ribbons made in Great Britain of (ilk mixed with gold or filver, and exported as aforefaid, the fum of four (hillings for every pound weight Averdupois.

For all (ilk (lockings, filk gloves, filk fringes, filk laces, ditching or fewing filk, made in Gnat Britain, and exported as aforefaid, the fum of one (hilling and three pence for every pound weight Averdupois.

For ajl fluffs of filk and grogram yam madp in Great Britain* and exported as aforefaid, the fum of eight pence for every pound-weight Averdupois.

For all duffs made in Great Britain of filk mixed with indc or cotton, and exported as aforefiud, the fum of one (hilling for every pound-weight Averdupois.

For all (ilks made in Greaf Britain pf filk and worded, and exported as aforefaid, the fum of fixpence for every pound-weight Averdupois.

Which feveral and refpeCtive allowances, or fums of money for each fpecies before mentioned, (hall be paid and anfwered by the cuftomer or collector of the cudoms, with the privity of tne controller of the port, from whence the fame (hall be exported, on a debenture to be made forth by the cuftomer or collector, according to the entry of the goods, and the (hipping thereof verified hv the fearcher, and oath made by the exporter on the entry oraebenture, before the cuftomer or collector, or controller of fuch port, that the faid goods are of Britijh manufacture, and exported or intended to be exported to parts beyond the fcas, and not relanded or intended to be relanded in any part of Great Britain, the exporter, with one or more perfon or perfons, firft giving fufficient fecurity to the faid cuftomer or collector of the port, in a penalty of the value of the goods (which fecurity they are hereby impowered to take in the name and to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors) that fuch filk, duffs, dr other manufactures before mentioned, fo (hipped or intended to be fhipDed, or any part thereof (hall not be relanded or brought oh more again, in any port or part of. Great Britain;

j “	and

4

Digitized by v^ooQle

iji i	Anno	oCtavo	Georgii	I.	C.i5.	3191

and fuch fecurities (hall be difcharged in the manner hereafter Securities how mentioned, that is to fay, for fuch of the faid goods as (hall entered for, or landed in the kingdom of Ireland* the iflands of^Gco.i.fet.i. Guemfey* Jerjiy<, Alderney* Sark or Alan* the condition of thec.17. * bond (half be to bring in a certificate in difcharge thereof, within fix months from the date of the bond, and within eighteen months for fuch of the (aid goods as (hall be entred for, or landed in any of his Majefly’s plantations in America* which refpec-tive certificates for fuen lilks, duffs, or other manufactures a-forefaid, as (hall be landed in any port or place, where any officer or officers of his Majefly’s cudoms (hall be refident, (hall be figned by the proper officer or officers of his Majedy’s cudoms there, importing that fuch goods were there landed, tedifying the landing thereof$ and for fuch filk, duffs, and other manufactures aforefaid, as (hall be entred for the iflands of Guernsey* Alderney or Sark, (hall be figned by the proper officer •r officers of his Majedy’s cudoms, if anv fuch officer or officers (hall be refiding in thofe iflands refpe&vely, and for want of fuch officer refiding there, then by the governor of thofe iflands, or the deputy-governor thereof refpeClively $ and for fuch (ilk, duffs, or other manufactures aforefaid, as (hall be (b entered for any other foreign port or place, to bring a certificate under the common feal of the chief magidrate in fuch port or place, or under the hands and feals of two known Britijb merchants then being at fueh port or place, that fuch filks, or other manufactures, were there landed ; or fuch bond or bonds (hall be difcharged upon proof in either of the faid cafes, that fuch goods were taken by enemies, or periflied in the feas, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgment of the commiffioners of the cudoms in England or Scotland refpeCtirely for the time being.

II.	And for the better preventing frauds in the entering any Searcher, &e. of the faid goods under a wrong denomination, to the prejudice aftcr-cnt^i? of the revenue, be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, 2£mulc 9 That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fearcher, or other proper officer of the cudoms, after the entry of any of the faid

Soods, and before or after fhe (hipping thereof, to open and xiCUy examine any bale, trufa, chefl, or other package, as now by law they may do, to fee if the goods are right entered; and if on fuch examination the fame (hall be found to be right entered, the officer (hall at his own charge eaufe the fame to be repacked, to the fatisfaCUon of the exporter, which charge (hall be allowed to the faid officer by the commiffioners of the cudoms, if they think it reafonaole; but in cafe the faid officer (hall find the faid goods, or any part thereof, to have been entered under a wrong denomination, whereby his Majefly would have been defrauded in the allowance to be paid on the exportation of fuch goods, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a&, all fuch goods fo wrong entered (hall and may be leif- Goods wrong pd, and the fame, 9s likewife the value thereof, ihall be forfeit, 5n.terfd». tor“

<Jc4

Digitized by v^.ooQle

39*

No allowances

for manufactures mixed with gold or filver on the edges, &c. only.

Anno o&avo Georgii 1. c. 15. •	£1711.

ed and loft, and (hall and may be profecoted and divided as hen-in after mentioned.

IIL Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority *-forefaid, That the faid refpedtive allowances (hall not be dm W ed or made for fuch of the faid manufactures mixed wkb gait or filver, when they are only fo mixed at the edges and the cask of the pieces, or for fuch of the faid manufactures and with (ilk, when they are only fo mixed at the edges or ends si the Fartherpmi. piece; and if any difpute (hall arife concerning any of the hid ftw relating manufactures, that is to fay, whether the fctne were made ia c.r&tV*' Great Britain, or touching the quality of the goods, the Om Onus Probandi. Prtbandi (hall lie on the exporter, claimer or owner thereof ad ’ not on the officer.

Manufactures f ™ £ndi*is	ena^d by the authwrty afore-

fdandedwith- faid, That if any of the faid (ilk, fluffs, or other mumbdarc* out licence, aforefaid, (hipped to be exported, for which allowancebooby made, (hall be reUnded or untiiipped in any port or pbee in Great Britain, contrary to the true intent and meaning of thy a£t, without the licence of one or more of the principal ofcai of fuch port or place, firft had and .obtained, or unkis it be m

&c. orunlefs in cafe of di-ftrefs, forfeit ed, ^ith penalty of bond.

and treble va- cafe of diftrefe to fave the faid goods from peri thing, which Sal be forthwith made known to one of the kid officers, the goods (ewer and above the penalty of the bond to be levied and mo* vered to his Majefty’s ufe as aforefaid) and treble the value of fuch goods (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and mj be pro* fecuted and divided in the manner herein after mentioned. Allowances to ;	**	lt	{***&&	enafitd	by	the	authority afortfud,That

be paid by the the faid allowances (hall and may be paid by the respective ca* tolleftors, &c. ftomtr or cdkftor, out of any money in his hands, arifmgfrom and allowed cuftoms or other duties upon goods imported from parts beyond the Teas, and the money fo paid (hall be accepted of ia bes or their accocmt,as fo much paid to his Mojefty, and he and they is, are, and (hall be difeharged thereof accordingly.

Allowances to VI. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the a*, be abated in thority aforefaid. That in cafe any of the cuftoms or other do-proportion to ties now payable on the importation of foreign thrown or raw ~	{hall, during the continuance of this a61, be redeemed, or

otherwife ccafe to be payable, fo much bf the allowance or allowances to be made on^the exportation of the filk, fluffs, or other manufa&ures before mentioned, (hall be abated, av (hall bear a proportion to the cuftoms or duties fo redeemed, or that (hall ceafe to.be payable on the importation of thrown or raw filk ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithfhnd-ine-

VIL jfnd for the further encouragement of the Britifh mamjx* turn, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Thatfro® and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, the feveral and refpeAive fubfidies mi turw?xU^rf" other duties whatfoever, payable to bis Majefty, his hrin or ndto ' fucceffors, by 'any law now in force, upon the exportation cf any goods and merchandizes of (he product or manufacture*

On*

on their accounts*

Cuftoms re deemed.

After * 5 March 172*. Duties on . goods of Bri-

Digitized by uooQle

1^21.’] Annoo&avo Gborqii I. 0.15.

Gnat Britain, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer due or payable for fo much of the laid good* or merchandizes, as (hall from thenceforth be exported, except fuch goods and merchant dizes, touching which a fpecial provifion is herein after made.

VIII.	And it is hereby provided and enabled by the authori- Duties oiral-ty aforefaid, That this at&, or any thing herein contained, lhall lcm> ** not extend, or bte conftrued to extend, to determine, alter or condmie.’ leffen the feveral or refpe&ive fubfidies of poundage, or other

duties, payable upon the exportation of allom, lead, lead ore, tin, leather tanned, copperas, coals, wool cards, white woollen cloths, MapisCalaminaris, (kins of all forts, glew, coney hair or wool, hares wool, hair of all forts, horfes, and litharge of lead; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwfth-ilanding,

IX.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it cntr^ lhall and may be lawful to or for any perfon or perfons, after the aii goods'of faid twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and Britilh pro-twenty two, to e/eport out of any port of this kingdom, in which duce, lawfully there is a cuftomer or collector, all fuch goods and merchant ^cuftom-5 dizes of the produce or manufacture of Gnat Britain, as may *rCe.

now be lawfully exported, and that without paying any fabfidy, or other duty whatsoever (other than for the goods or merchandizes, touching which an exception or fpecial provifion is before made in this a&) fo as a ,due entry be firft made of the faid goods or merchandises in fuch cuftom-houfe refpeftiveiy, where tiie fame (hall be exported, in the fame manner and form, ex* prefling the quantities end qualities of the refpedive goods, at was ufed and pradtifed before the making of this a&, and fo as the fame be (hipped by the proper officer for that purpofe, on failure whereof the faia goods to be liable to the payment of the duties, as if this ad had never been made ; any law, ftatute, provifion or ufage to the contrary in any wiSt notwithftandmg.

X.	And for the further encouragement of the manufacture* 0n cntry of this kingdom, by the promoting the importation of drugs, fog drugs* and other goods ufed for dying; be it enadted by the authority imported, du* aforefaid. That from and after the twenty fifth day of March one ty*free. thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, it fhall and may be law* ful to import into this kingdom all forts of drugs and other goods, herein after particularly enumerated, which are ufed for dying; that is to fay, Agarick, Annatto, Antimonium Crudum, Aqua-fortis,

Argoil, Arfenick, Bayberries, Brazil Wood, Braziletto Wood, Cochi-neal, Cream of Tartar, Fujiick, Galls, Gum Arabick, or Gum Seneca,

Jndico of all forts, IJtnglafs, Litmus, Logwood, Madder of all forts.

Madder Roots, Nicaragua Wood, Or that, Orchelia, Pomegranate Peels,

Red Wood, Saflower, Sal-Armaniac k, Sal-gem, Sappan Wood, Red Saunders,Shoem ck,Stiekkck, Turnfde, Valonia and Verdegreaje, w u 11-out paying any fubfidy, cuftorn, impofition, or other duty what-foever for the fame (Salt-Petre always excepted) fo as a clue en-> try be firft made thereof in the cuftom-houle belonging to the port into which fuch drugs, or other dying goods, (hall be im* ported^ fo the fame manucrand form, exprefling tire quantities

and

Digitized by

Google

Anno o£Uvo Gforgii L c.15.	£t7*r.

and qualities of the refpc&ive goods, as was ufed and pradifed before the making of this alt, and fo as the feme be landed in the prefence of the proper officer appointed for that porpofc, and fo as fuch importation be* according to the rules preforibed and enjoined by an a& of parliament palled in the twelfth year of the tiCar,*. c.iS. reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A* a ft for the encouragement end iHcreafing of /hipping and navigation, and on failure of the faid conditions or directions herein laft mentioned, fuoh drugs or dying goods, (hall be liable to the payment of die refpe&ive duties, as if this a& had never been made; any her, route, provifion or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftanding.

XL And to the end the encouragement given to the mmwfa&ures ef this kingdom, in allowing the before mentioned foreign drugs, or ether goods ufed in dying, to be imported duty-free, according to the true meaning of this aft9 may in no wife tend to the benefit of manufactures made in foreign parts, as it may do* Jhould fueh drugs, or other goods ufed in dying, be again tarried out of this kingdom* without paying easy duty for the fame, whereby they may be fold in foreign markets fo much cheaper: we vour Majefty’s faid dutiful and loyal fubje&i, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do give and grant to your Majefty, and do humMy befeech your Maje-fty. That it may be ena&ed, and be it ena&ed by die authori-Foreign ty afoiefaid. That for and upon all foreign gooos, commodi-good». See. ties, or materials ufed in dying, which (hall be imported into ufed in dying, this kingdom free of duty by virtue of this prefent ad, and ty-?hcc, and	from	and	after the twenty fifth day of March one thou-

after a 5March fend feven hundred and twenty two, (hall be again exported 17%%, export- thereout, there (hall be paid and anfwered to his Majefty, his ed, to pay 6 d. heirs and fucceflors, a fubfidy of poundage upon the value of ac^.n CVCry twenty (hillings, according to the feveral rates and values hereafter mentioned, the fum of fix pence, and fo after that rate for greater or lefler quantities; that is to fay,

Agarick trim- Agarick trimmed or pared, the pound-weight, fix (hillings and wied.	eight pence.

Agarick	Agarick	rough	and untrimmed, the pound-weight, one fhiL

rough.	ling and eight pence.

Annotto. Annotto the pound-weight, one (hilling.

Antimonium	Antimonium Crudum, the hundred-weight, containing one hun~

crudum. died and twelve pounds, fix (hillings and eight pence.

Aqua Forth ^ua	containing	four	gallons,	two pounds

q * five (hillings, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quan~ tity.

Argoil.	Argoil, the hundred-weight, containing one hundred and

twelve pounds, one pound three (hillings and four pence. Arfenick.	Arfenick,	the pound weight, one penny and one third part of

a penny.

Bayberries. ' Bayberries, the hundred weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, four (hillings five pence and one third part of a penny.

Brazil.	Brazil	or	Fumamback Weed, the hundred-weight, containing

one hundred and twelve pounds, one pound fifteen (hillings.

Bra-

Digitized by

Google

Anno o£tavo Georgii I, C.tg.	395

Braziletto or Jamaica Wood, the hundred -weight, containing Bmiletto, one hundred and twelve pounds, one pound one Hulling ana .eight pence.

Cochineal, the pound-weight, fix (hillings and eight pence. Cochineal, .

Cream or Tartar,the hundred-weight, containing one hun- Cream cfTai* dred and twelve pounds, forty (hillings.	tar.

Fufticjl, the hundred-weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, five (hillings.

Galls, the hundred-weight, containing one hundred andGaI]t twelve pounds, forty (hillings,

Gum jfrabick or Gum Seneca, the hundred-weight, containing oumArabick, one hundred and twelve pounds, ten (hillings.

Indico of all forts, the pound-weight, three (hillings and four Indico. pence.

Iftnglafs, the hundred-weight, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, oqp pound thirteen (hillings and four pence.	*

Litmus, the hundred-weight, containing one hundred and utmut. twelve pounds, twenty (hillings.

Logwood, the hundred-weight, containing one hundred and Logwood, twelve pounds, forty (hillings.

, Madder pf all forts, the hundred-weight, containing one hun- Madder, dred and twelve pounds, one pound ten (hillings.

Madder Roots, the pound-weight, four pence.	Madder

Nicaragua	W004, the tun-weight,	eight pounds.

Orcbal, the hundred-weight, containing one hundred and wood®’0* twelve pounds, forty (hillings.	Orchal.

Orchelia, the hundred-weight, containing on? hundred and orcbelia. twelve pounds, twenty (hillings.

Pomegranate Peels, the hundred-weight, containing one hun-jlred and twelve pounds, thirteen (hillings and four pence. Peel*.

Red Wood or Guinea Wood, the hundred-weight, containing Red Wood, one hundred and twelve pounds, one pound ten (hillings.

Saflower, the pound-weight, one (hilling.	Saflower.

Sal Armoniacl, the pound-weight, fix pence and two third 8aj Annffn;' parts of a penny.	ack.

Sal-gem, the pound-weight, two pence and two third parts of Sal-gem. a penny.

Sapan Wood, the hundred-weight, containing one hundred Sapan Wood, and twelve pounds, ten (hillings.

Red Saunders, the hundred-weight, containing one hundred RedSaunden.-and twelve pounds, one pound fix (hillings and eight pence.

Sboemack, the hundred-weight, containing one hundred and shoemadc. twelve pounds, thirteen (hillings and four pence.

$ticklack,the pound-weight, four pence.	Sticklack.

Tumfole, the pound-weight, two pence and two thud parts Turafolo. of a penny.

Valonia, the ton-weight, feven pounds.	Valonia. •

Verdigreafe, the pound-weight, fix pence and two third parts v«rdieteafe. of a penny.	"	*

Which fubfidy of fix pence upon the faid goods, com modi- Subfidy of 6d. fies,or materials ufed in dying, and exported according to tlie on goods. &c.

/ever *1uled for dy’lns>

Digitized by

Google

to be recovered as fubfidy of ppund^ge on goods exported*

The preducf to be appro-

firiated to the ame ufes as the fubfidy of poundage on goods export* ed is by for-tner a£ts to b# applied.

The powers,, fisc, in former adb, to pvt in execution' for applying the lubfidy granted here-

Chities upon beaver-fleins^ hbwtobecor^i puted and 1 paid. '

ArtpD GeorGI* I. €.15.

I

Drawbacks allowed after March 1722.

Several and refbe<ftive rates and values thereof^ fet down in thk a6fc, as aforefard, fhall have fuch or the like refpetEkive continuances, and /hall and may, from time to time, be railed, received, levied" and ttcoyered, by fuchways and means, and under faeft penalties and-forfeitures,* and with fuch allowances far goods loft or, taken at fea, and in fuch manner and form, aj fnfc fubfirfy df poundage on goods or merchandises exported, piay he raifed, received, levied or recovered, by any law of the cuftotnsf now* in force. '

XII.	And it is hereby enafled, That the produce of thefiiA fabfidy hy this granted for and upon the faid dying goods and commodities exported (the neceflary charge^ of management excepted) ire and fhall be appropriated ana kppBoi to and for the fame refpedive ufes, and in Juch proportions- manner arid form, arid fubjeft to fuch refpedtive powers c$ redemption, ps the fubfidy of poundage on'other goods and coirimodrties exported (not nerein before exempted from the payment thereof) is by any laws now in force appropriated ana applicable; ana that all tne powers, diredtions, penalties and forfeitures, claufes, matters and. things contained in any adt or adts of parliament how in forc^for appropriating and applying the faid fubfidy on goods exported, not herein before exempted, fhall be pradb'ced and put in execution for appropriating and applying the fiudfub-(idy hereby granted accordingly, as fully and effedhially, as if the Time were again repeated and rc-enadted in the body of thip prefent adfcj any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII,	And whereas beaver-/kins imported are valued in the bool of rates at fix jbiUings and eight pence per flirt, according to which value the; duties novj payable upon every beaver flin imported\ do amount as follows, that is to fay, For the ddfubfidy,four pence; far the further fubfidy, four pence; for the one third Jubfidy, one pi

_	,	,	u	penny	and	one

third part of penny \ for the two third Jubfidy, two pence and two third parts of a penny, and for the additional impofl, four pence \ a-mounting in the whole to fix teen pence per flin, as by feveral agfs of parliament new in force doth appear; be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, the duties \ipon beaver-fkins from thericeforth to be imported, fhall be computed and paid, as if they had been valued in the faid book pf rates at two millings and fix pence per fkin, according to which Value, there fhall be paid for every beaver-fkin fo imported, fix pence, and no more, which fhall be applied to the faid leveral fubfidie9 and additional impoft, in fuch proportions as fixteert pence bears to. fix pence; any former adl or adts of parliament to the contrary n6tWithftanding.

XIV, Provided always, and it is hereby further ena£ted? 'Xhtft from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March one thoufend feven hundred and twenty two, upon the exportation of any of the faid beaver-flyns within the time allowed by law,for which thedu-ties chargeable by his adl (hall have been firft paid or fecured,thera fhall be allowed** drawback of a moiety of the faid ttfpe&ivefiflA fo paid or fecured, and no more, which drawback (hall be made, or

n , allowed,

Digitized by vjjOOQIC

t7*i.l • Aiuio oftttfd GtotLQii I; C.15.	397

allowed, According to filch rules and methods, a9 drawback* are allowed by any law now in force relating to the cuftortis.'

XV,	And whereas pepper* imported direftly from the place of ifs Duty on pep-growth^ in Englilh built /Btpprrigy is vdlued in the book of rdftsai Perforho.mc fine Jhillihg ana eiglit pen& per pbund-weighty according to which va+. to b^reciuc^ hie it now pafs3 or is liable to payy feveral fubJidieSy after the rede of to per lb.

. twelve pence ih the pound s and there is alfo charged thereupon an im± weight. pofl of threepence y and a new duty of eighteen pence per pound-weight which fubfidiesy and other dutiesy amount in the whole to one/frrlUng tend ekvin pence halfpenny per pound-Weighly (over and above one halfpenny per pound-weighty chargeable for the ha f-fubfidy upon	,

the importation thereof) and the fad duties amotentirtg to one JhiHittg and eleven pence halfpenny per poUnd-weighty are pr ought to be applied ih wanner following \. that is to fayy For half the faid did fubfidjy one halfpenny $ forth* faid further fabfidp, one penny r for the one third fubfidy y one third part of a penny; for the two third fibjtdtesy two (bird parti of a penny \ for the old impofty thret pence \ arid for the hew duty, 0)&'/billing and fix pence, as by feveral attf of 'parliament n&iv ih forte doth appear \ be it "further enatfted by * thfe authority aforef&id, 'f'hat from and after the twenty fiftri ' day Of •Match one thofcf&tid feven hundred and twenty twoi thd &td duties amounting to One Shilling and deveiY pence halfpenny • ■ per pound^-Weight, upon fuch pepper, as aforefaia, ‘which thenceforth (hall be delivered from the proper ware-houfes for home Confiimption ^without altering the half-fubfidy now payable Upon the importation thereof) (hall be leffened land reduce^ to pay four pence per pound-weight, and no more.

• XVI% And for \better making a diftribution thereof to and a-

tnongft the faid feveral Jubfidies and duties refpeflivelyy it is hereby Value of pep-

declared ahd enafted. That the value of the faid pepper (hall be P*1* to be

efteemed at fix (hillings and eight pence per pound-weight, upon jfvidTdf ****

which value twelve pence in the pound doth amount to the (aid

fum of four pence per pound-weight, and the faid efteemed yn*

hie of fix (hillings and eight pence per pound-weight (hall be

divided as follows, in order to compute the feveral duties here*

after to be paid thereupon; to wit.

To the old fubfidy, three pence and one third part of a fenny.

To the further fubfidy, three pence and one third part of % fenny.

To the one third fubfidy, and two third fubfidy, three pence and one third part of a penny.

To the faid import, ten pence.

And to the faid new duty, five (hillings.

And the faid fum of four pence in the pound (hall be appor- Four ^ honed and applied to the faid feveral fubfidies, and other duties the poand, , accordingjy; any former a or a<fts of parliament to the con-* how appibd. trary notwithftanding.

XVII. And whereas maesy cloves and nutmegs importedy are va+ * hed in the book of rates at the refpeftive values followingy that is to foh MM ibf pound-mighty twenty /billings, cloves the pound-weighty *

a	text

Digitized by

Google

398	Anno	odara	GBojtofi	L €.»5.

jut /hillings \ nutmegs the pound-Weigbfi 'tight JbMmgsyaccording to which feveral values the duties now payable upm mace? claves and nutmegs imported, do amount as fellows, that is to fay? For the /aid old Jubfidy, for every twenty Jhillings value, according to the faid re-fpeftivt values, one /billing9, fot the /aid further fubfidy, for every twenty /billings value? according to the feud refpeftive values? oneJhiU ling 5 for the Iaid one third fubfidy, for every twenty /hidings value9 according to we faid refpeftive values, four pence; for the faid two third Jubfidy, for every twenty /hillings value, according to the faid refpeftive values, eight pence; for the new duty, for every twenty /hidings value, according to the faid refpeftive vahus, one /billing; for the new additional duty, for every twenty /hillings value, according to the faid refpeftivo values, one Jhilling; and for the further nrev duty, for every twenty Jhillings value, according to the faid refpeftive values9 five /hidings; amounting in the whole to ten Jhiuings Jor every pound-weight of mace, to five /billings for every pound-weight of cloves? and to four jhillings for every pound-weight of nutmegs, as by fevered afts of parliament thereunto relating, and now in force, doth appear; be Duties upon it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the mace, doves twenty fifth dayr of March one thoufand feven hundred and twen-howltotb€C^f* two> the duties upon mace, cloves and nutmegs, from thence-computed and ^th to be imported, (hall be computed and paid, as if they bad paid.	been valued in the faid book of rates, at the values following,

that is to fay, mace the pound-weight, fix (hillings; cloves the pound-weight, four fhillings; nutmegs the pound-weight, three (hillings; according to which relpeftive values there (hall be paid.

For every pound-weight of mace fo imported* three (hillings, and no more.

For every pound-weight of cloves fo imported, two (hillings, and no more.

For every pound-weight of nutmegs,one (hilling and fix pence, and no more.

Which feveral fums (hall be applied to the faid feveral fubfi-Applicationof ^s and other duties, in fuch proportions as ten (hillings bear fums?VCr t0 ^rcc	f°r	mace,	as	five (hillings bear to two (hillings

for cloves, and as four (hillings bear to one (hilling and fix pence for nutmegs; any former aft or afts of parliament to the-contrary notwithftandins.

X Vlll. And it is hereby enafted and declared by the authority Mact, &c. im- aforefaid, That the importation of mace, cloves and nutmegs, the foml; every or any of them, (hall be fubjeft to the fame rules in tafc-rules, See. as ing Forth the licences and other rules and reftriftions, wheieun-formerly. to the fame were fubieft before the making of this aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Monies arifina	XIX. And be it further enafted and declared by the autho-

for reduced 8 Hty aforefaid. That all the feveral and refpeftive fum and fums beaver-ikint, of money, which (hall arife by virtue of this aft, for the faid See. imported, reduced duties upon beaver-lkins imported, and for fuch pepper continuance delivered out of the ware-houfes for home confumption, and for m duties upon the faid reduced duties upon mace, cloves and nutmegs import-

cd*

Mace.

Clovcp

Nutmegs.

Digitized by v^ooQle

399

lyii.] Anno o&ava Georgii L c.i$.

ed, (hall have fuch or the like refpeftive continuances, and (hall and may, from time to tim?, be raifed, received, levied, fecured and recovered, by fuch ways and means, and under fuch penal- beaver fldns#-ties and forfeitures, and fubjeft to fuch difcounts and allowances, before tbit and in fuch manner £i\d form, as the prefent duties upon bea- * *

Ver-(kinsrpepper^ mace, cloves and nutmegs, before the making of this aft, might be raifed, received, levied, fecured or recovered, by any law or laws of the cuftoms now in force.

XX.	And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, Monies how That the feveral and refpeftive fum and fums of money, as (hall appropriated, arife by virtue of this aft, for the (aid reduced duties upon bea-ver-(kins imported, and for fuch pepper delivered out of the warehoufes for home confumption, and for the faid reduced duties upon mace, cloves and nutmegs imported (the neceffary

charges of management excepted) are and (hall be appropriated and applied to and for the fame refpcftive ufes, and in fuch or the like proportions, manner and form, and fubjeft to fuch re-fpeftive powers of redemption, as the prefent duties upon bea-ver-(kins, pepper, mace, doves and nutmegs, at or before the making of this aft, were by any aft or afts of parliament in force refpeftively appropriated and applicable; ana that all the pow- continuance'’ ers, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, 0f powerf contained in any aft or afts of parliament for appropriating and in former afts applying the faid prefent duties upon beaver-fkins, pepper, mace, forappropriat-cloves and nutmegs, every or any of them, (hall be continued, “8 duties, praftifed and put in execution, for appropriating; and applying the monies to arife by virtue of this aft, for and upon the faid refpeftive duties upon beaver-fkins, pepper, mace, cloves and nutmegs, according to this aft, as fully and effectually as if the fame were again repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au- Drawbacks thoritv aforefaid. That from and after the faid twenty fifth day HP**0 cxporta-of Alarcb one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, upon ot macc\ exportation of any of the faid mace, cloves or nutmegs, or any

of them, within the time allowed by law, for which the duties chargeable by this aft (hall have been firft paid or fecured, there (hall be allowed certain drawbacks, as (hall bear fuch or the like proportion to the fums charged by this aft upon mace, cloves and nutmegs refpeftively, as the former drawbacks allowable on knace, cloves and nutmegs exported refpeftively did bear to the duties thereupon, before the making of this aft, and no more* which proportional drawbacks (hall be made and allowed, according to fuch rules and methods as drawbacks are allowed by any laws now in force relating to the cuftoms.

XXII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Penalties how That the feveral penalties and forfeitures in this aft mentioned, be profe-(hall and may be profecuted and determined by bill, plaint or cutcd-information, in any of his Majefty's courts of record at JFeJl-

minjltr, or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh refpeftively, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law? or more

than

Digitized by

Google

/

+oq	Anno	oftaro	Geor6ii	I: t.i$.	[1721.

Moiety to the onc	(hall be allowedj and one xAoSety of th*

King, moiety Aid penalties and forfeitures (hall be to the ufe of the King*! profecutor. majefty, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perftms as wflf . fue for or profecute the fame.

General iffue. * XXIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afbrtfidd. That if any action or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in juirfaance of this aft, the de-. fondant or defendants in filch afttort ot fuit may plead the gene-ti\ iffue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at ‘ any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in Defendant puffuance and by authority of the faid aft; and if rt (hail appear may recover f0 $0 have been done, the juty friall find for the defendant of tre le co u. defendants, and if the plaintiff (naH be nonfaited, or difeontmud his aftion, after the defendant bt defendants (hall have appeared. Or if judgment (hall be given upon any verdict or demurrer a-gainft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhaH and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, aS the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law. Beaver-(kins, XXIV. And be it enifted by the authority aforefaid, That &c. after 25 a]j beaYer-fkins, and other filrs of the product of any of the be!mnortecft0	plantations	in	America, Aft or Africa, fhati, from and

direftly from after the twenty fifth day of March one tnoufand feven hundred Britilh plan- and twenty two, be imported diriftly from thence into Great tations. Britain, and laid on (hore there, and not clfewheie, under the ia Car.2. c.i. ^enajt;es anj forfeitures Contained ih an aft paffed In the twelfth year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled* An atf for the encouraging and encreafing fbipping and navigation y in relation to fuears, tobacco and other enumerated goods, of the growth, production or manufafttire of any of the Englijh plantations therein mentioned, to be recovered and diftributed in fuch manner, as the penalties and forfeitures relating to rhe/ard enumerated goods are, by the faid recited aft, to be recovered and diftributed.

Recital of part	XXV. And whereas by an	a51 paffed in thejixth year of bis Md-

of the aft of j{flf* reigny intituled, An aft for the better iecuring certain pow-6Geo. i.c. >S. ers and privileges intended to be granted by his Majefty by two charters, for affurance of fhips and merchandizes at fea; and fof lending money on bottomry; and for reftraining feveral extravagant and unwarrantable practices therein mentioned, bis Mafe~ fly was enabled to ere ft two diflinft corporations for affurance offhipsy goods and merchandizes at feay or going to fca> and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned; which faid corporations are by the fad aft obliged^ from time to timey during the continuance of the fame corporations refyeftively, to caufe fuch a flock of ready money to be provided and referved) • as fhall be fuff dent to anfwcry from time to timey all jujl demands upon their policies of affurance for any Ioffes whatfoever which fhall happen , and to fat: ify, pay and difcharge the fame demandSy from time to time, according to the tenorS of their refpeftive policies of affurance y and the true meaning of the faid aft; and in cafe of re* fufal and negleft to pay the fame, the faid corporations are by the faid aft refpeftively fubjefted to pay double damages, beftdesfuU cojls of fair*

u

Digitized by ^ooQle

f21.]	Atino	oftavo Georgii I. c.i6.	401

£* recovered by aftion, bill, fait or information in arty of Mayfly $

crts of record at Weftminfter: and whereas his Majejly hath been

acioujly pleafed (purfuant to the [aid art) to ere ft two diftinft cor-

rations for the purpofes aforejaid, one by the name and title of

>e governor and company of the Royal Exchange affurance, and the

her by the name and title of the governor and company of the Lon-

on aflurance; and the faid corporations have accordingly provided

ocls of ready money for anfwering the purpofes of the faid aft, but

> find themfilves under dijeouragements and inconveniencies by being

ihjetted to pay double damages, beftdes full cofis of fuit in aftions,

thich they cannot avoid* there being no provifion in the faid aft to

Wige the parties afjured, to make difeovery to the faid corporations

r their true Ioffes, before any aft ion brought; and unreafonable

tits in doubtful cafes are encouraged, for the fake of fuch double

images, and full cods: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the R j Ex_

nthority aforefaid, That fo much of the faid recited aft, as fub- change affu.-

:<5fcs the faid corporations, or either of them, to pay double da- ranceandLon

'lages, befides full cofts of fuit, (hall be and is hereby repealed; don sdR**?1***#

nd that in all cafes where by the faid aft or charters the faid cor-

►orations, or either of them, are fubjefted to pay double da- cofbof fuit

nages, befide full cods of fuit, the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall only*

ecover againft the fame corporation or corporations only Angle

lamages, and full cofts of fuit j any thing in the faid recited aft,

>r in the charters of the faid corporations, or either of them, to he contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XVI.

An aft for taking off the duty upon all fait ufed in the curing and making of white herrings, and inftead thereof laying a proportionable duty upon all white herrings confumed at home only •, and for making an allowance for tobacco exported from Scotland, in the time therein mentionedand for giving a farther relief to the fefinets of rbek fait.

WHEREAS by an a ft of parliament made in the fifth year tf/^Geo.^c.iti his prefent Majejlys reign, intituled, An aft for recovering the credit of the Britijb fi(hery in foreign parts ; and for better fecuring the duties on fait; it is enabled, "That all curers offijb /hall be allowed to import foreign fait, or take from any felt-works or fait-pits, any fuch quantity of Britilh fait, where the fame is allowed by law, for curing of fifh for exportation, as they Jholl think proper for curing fijh for foreign markets, without paying any duty to his Ma~ jejly for the fame, except the cufioms payable upon the importation thereof \ in confequcnce whereof all white herrings fpent within this realm, are or Jhould be cured with fait that has paid the duties; but in regard the fame are cured promifeuoufly, it is difficult to diftinguijh them from fuch as are intended to be exported, whereby his Majefty may be defrauded in his revenue, without a proper remedy for preventing the fame-, be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, ^ berianin* by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and of fiQung-lea-temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflcrhbled, fon for h«r-

Vol. XIV,

D d

andn°g*i tors.

[*»propne-1, etc. in

402	Anno	o&avo	Georgn I. c.i&	tl721*

land an<* ky the authority of the fame, That at the beginning tf

inftead of the *verY fifcing-feafon jbr herrings, the proprietor or pfopridef* oath required of tne fait delivered duty-free for the curing of herrings tor ct* by the a& portation, in that part of Great Britain called England, Wafa, 5 Geo. i. to and Berwick upon Tweedy purfuant to the find aft, or his or tbeif

theqiiamtityof23ent or ag*ntS ^al!> in*e*d Jhe °?th required by thefefd fait intended adt, make oath in wnting before the officer for the duty on aft, for curing fi(h at the office neareft to the place where the (aid lalt is lodged (who for exporta- js hereby impowered to adminifter the fame) declaring the qmn-***'&c* tity of the foreign or Britijb fait refpedtively lodged for curingef fim, and that sul the faid fait is intended tor the curing of tyh For exportation only, and (hall not, by his or their order, conical or connivance, diredly or indiredtfy, be fold, given away, or any Except (alt way delivered, but for the purpofe aforefaid; except fo much ufedforcuring thereof as (hall be ufed for curing fuch white herrings, as (hail fo^bomecon!^ cntre<* Wlt^ t^e o&ccr of the place for home confumption, fumption, See. anc^ charged with the duties by this a<£t chargeable thereupon. . Carer of white	And	be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That everf

herrings,after maker or curer of white herrings, in that part of Great Britton 15 March 1711. call England*f Wales and Berwick upon Tweedy from *nd after die before he re- five and twentieth day of March one thouiand (even hundred (exceptforex-an<* *wentY two> before he remove any white herrings (except portation) to f°r exportation) from the office or place where the fame fltafibe make entry, cured, (hall, from time to time, make entry thereof at the neat and pay j*.4d. felt-office, and (hall pay to his Majefty, his heirs and foccedbry, a ^utY t^rBC filings and four pence for every barrel, con-revtvtd % taining thirty two gallons, and fo in proportion for a greater or 5Geo.*.cl6.f.3.1c(Ter quanrity: and that every calk or veflel in which tuch white Quantity to be herrings (hall be packed or put up, (hall have a mark or marks marked on on the head thereof, (hewing the contents or quantity <*f every Upon entry,	calk	or	and	uP°n *nd payment of the duty

Sec. permit to (each calk or veflel being marked as aforewid) a permit (ball be be giv*cn gra- given gratis by the falt-officer* exprefling the quantity of white tif-	herrings, for which the duties lhall be paid as aforefaid, anA the

penalty on re- marks and numbers of fuch calks or veflels, and for what plate moval before the fame are intended, and whether to be font by land 6r water entry. See. carriage, on pain of forfeiting the white herrings that And! b$ removed o( carried away before entry be made, and the doty paid, and without the calks or veflels being marked, and permit ob*-tained as aforefaid, and of the calks or veflels, in which fucb herrings (hall be found, and alfo the fum of forty (hillings for every calk or veflel fo removed, to be recovered from the perfoti Moiety to or perfons who lhall fo remove or carrv away the fame; one King, moiety moiety thereof to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and Aicceflors, to officer feiz- and the other moiety to the officer or officers who lhall feize, fue lI)S>&c* or itiform for the fame, to be fued for, recovered and levied in fuch manner, and with fuch power of mitigation, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture, may be fued for, recovered, levied and mitigated by any law of excife, or by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at We/i-minjlery wherein no efloin, protection, privilege or wager of aw

dull

DigitizeeKby L.ooQLe

*1721.]	Anno	ottavo GfioRGii I. c.i5.	4°3

fhall be granted or allowed, nor any more than one imparlance; officerstofeize and all officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, excife or duties upon white herrings Calt, are hereby authorized and impowered to fcize all fuch white removed be-iaerrings fo removed or carried away before entry, and payment *°re entry, «c. of duty, and all other things performed as aforefaid, and the faid .caiks or veffels wherein fuch white herrings (hall be found.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, proprietor of TThat the proprietor or proprietors of the fait delivered duty-free, fait duty-free, for curing white herrings tor exportation, in that part of Great toexprefs Britain called England, Walts and Berwick upon Tweedt his or

their agent or agents, (hall, in the account which after the end w of every (idling-feafon, they are to deliver in writing into the ielt-office, containing the quantity of fifh exported or entred,and thipt to be exported, on which the fait taken away after its delivery into the foie cuftody of the faid proprietor or proprietors, his or their agent or agents, has been tiled or confumed, as by . the former law is dire&ed (and under the penalties thereby pre-feribed) exprefs alfo the quantity of white herrings entred for home confumption, on which fuch fait has been ufed or con-fumed.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed by the uvon authority aforefaid. That in cafe the duties of excife on fak white herring* {which now amount to three (hillings and four pence per bufhel (hall ccafc, or on home-made fait, and (ix (hillings and eight pence per bufhel bejeilened, on foreign (alt) or any of them, (hall ceafe, determine or be redeemed by parliament, then the rate or duty by this a& im-

pofed upon white herrings (haU ceafe, or be Idfened in proportion to the duties on fait that (hall fo ceafe, determine or be redeemed; any thing herein contained tQ the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	Jnd whereas an aft paffed tn the eighth year of her late Mn- Q

jtftfs reign9 for continuing fioeral impofi lions, additional impofitions,	'	3*

and duties upon goods imported, to raife money by way of loan, for

the fervice of the year one tboufand /even hundred and ten; and for better preventing frauds on drawbacks upon certificate goods, and for other pmpofes therein mentioned; in which aft there were fevera I regulations enafted to be complied tenth, in order to entitle the exporters of tobaccoes to their debentures; which new regulations being made to commence from the /even and twentieth day of March one tboufand feven hundred and ten, by which time the fame could not be known in Scotland, feveral parcels of tobaccoes through ignorance were export-ed from thence, without regard to the regulation laid down in the faid aft, the debentures of which tobaccoes have been ref ufed to be made forth and allowed to the merchants upon that account only; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That for all tobac- Debentures toes exported from Scotland after the feven and twentieth day of °c* March one thoufand feven hundred and ten, and before the fe- j£rted°frorn venth day of May next following, the barons of the exchequer Scotland, fines in Scotland (hall caufe the debentures to be made forth and al- ^Marcb^io, lowed to the merchants, according to the law then m force, be-	7

fore the feven and twentieth day of March one thoufimd feven ay oc ’

D da	hyn-

Digitized by

Google

404	Anno o&avo Gecroii I. c. 16.	[1721.

hundred and ten; any thing in the aforefaid aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

5 Geo. 1. c. 16.	VI. And whereas by ah aft of parliament made in the fifth year

of his prefent Majefiys reign, intituled, An ad for the recovering the credit of the Britifh fifherjr in foreign pans; and for better fe-curing the duties on fait; it is enafted, That thecurers if fififibaS be allowed to import foreign fait, or take from any falt-worb or Jolt-pits any fuch quantity fl/'Britifh fait, where the fame is allowed bj law for curing fiff) for exportation, as they Jball think proper for caring fijh for foreign markets without paying any duty to bis Majefty for she fame, except the cufioms payable upon the importation thereof: and whereas the refiners offait from rock-fait cannot have equal benefit of the faid aft with the proprietors of other fait, the faid refiners being obliged to pay, or give fecurity to pay, the duty before the rod-fall be removed from the pits, and cannot draw it back, there being no pro* Relief given vifion made in what manner the faidduty JbaU be drawn bad; for re-to refiners of medy whereof, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from, rock-fait*	and after the five and twentieth day of March one thoufend (even

hundred and twenty two, it (hall and may be lawful for aoj refiner of rock-fait to deliver in the prefence of an officer of the falt-duties, to any curer or curers of fifh, any fuch quantity of refined fait, where the fame is allowed by law for curing fifh for exportation, as they fhall think proper for curing fifh for foreign markets; and the colledor of the falt-duties (ball give a certificate under his hand, exprefling the true quantity delivered, and to whom, and whither to be carried; and the officer of the place whither the fame fhall be carried for the curing of fi(h for foreign markets, fhall give a certificate of the true quantity brought thither, and lodged in a warehoufe under the lock and key of the faid officer, as well as the proprietor of the laid felt; and if it (hall appear to be the full quantity that was firft delivered (making reafonable allowance for wafte) fuch certificate fhall be accepted by the colledor of the duties on felt at the rock-pits, towards dilcharging the fecurity given for the duty on the rock-falt made ufe of in making the laid refined felt; and that upon the warehoufing any fuch refined fait, or any other fait delivered duty-free, for the curing fifh for foreign markets, that has been brought by fea in any (hip or vefTel whatfoever, the matter or his mate, or the boatfwain of fuch (hip or veflel, fhall make oath before the officer of the fait duties (who is hereby impowered to adminifter the fame) that all the fait he took in or loaded at the place of loading (mentioning the quantity) is truly delivered to be lodged in a warehoufe under the lock and key of the officer, and that there was no fait added to it or taken from ir at fuch j place of loading, or fince he came from it, to the beft of his knowledge and belief, under the penalty of forfeiting double the value of	the fait that fhall	be otherwife delivered, and ten

Relief for	(hillings per	bufhel; and if it	fhall happen that the	veflel on

rimed oVtak-	^ch ie^nc^ fait as aforefaid, is (hipped, (hall either perifh

en b/cne.	at fea>or taken by enemies,	with fuch fait on board	her, that

miei!	in fuch cafe	any merchant or	perfon, owner of the	(aid Mt,

%	(hall»

jt72i.] Anno o&avo Georgii I. 0,17.	405

(hall, upon proof mack before the jaftices of the peace at the quarter-feflions held for the county, riding, diviiion or town, wherein he doth inhabit, of the lots of fuch fait fo (hipped, receive from the faid feflions a certificate that fuch proof was made before them$ and upon producing the faid certificate to the collector of the falt-duties at the rock-pits, fuch certificate (hall be accepted by fuch collector, towards difeharging the fecurity given, for the duty on the rock-falt made ufe 0? in making fuch refined fait

CAP. XVII.

An all for more equal paying and better collelling certain fmallfums therein mentioned, for relief of Jhipwrecked mariners, and dijlrejfed perfons (bis Majejly's fubjclts) in the kingdom qf Portugal; and for other pious and charitable 4 purpofes ufually contributed to by the merchants trading to Portugal.

WHEREAS///; juft and reafonabU that all Britifh merchants Re?fonl fa trading to Portugal, Jbould proportionably contribute to the making thi# relief of Jbipwrecked manners, and other dijlrejfedperfons, your Ma- aft. jefly's fubjclts there, and to the other pious and charitable purpofes herein after mentioned: and whereas it hath been ufual for the con-ful general for the time being, appointed for all perfons trading from the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, to the kingdoms and dominions of Portugal, or his deputy tonfuls, with the majority of the Britiih merchants and fallors there, to receive and recover (for the purpofes aforefaid) from all Britiih merchants and factors re/tding in Portugal, and all others your Majejly's J'ubjells trading thither from tiny of your Majeftfs dominions, fo much money as Jbould not exceed four Reis per Mill Reis, upon the valuation of their goods in the cujiomhoufe of Li(bon; and for all com, grain, butter, and other goods, which pay no cujtom to the King of Portugal, fo much money as Jbould not exceed four Reis per Mill Keis, and what they Jbould he valued at, to be paid to fuch treafurer as Jbould be annually chofen by fuch conful, and the majority oj the Britim merchants and fallors, in the fame manner as two Reis per Mill for relief of Jhipwrecked mariners, and other dijlrejfed perfons, your Majejlys fubjelts, have been ufually collelled; and that fuch treafurer Jbould, out of the faid pioney, pay yearly to the minijler refiding there, three hundred Mill Reis per annum, for his maintenance and fubffence, to pray, preach and exercife his miniflerial funllion \ ana that the remainder of the faid money Jhould be dijpofed of, from time to time, according to the dir ell ions of the faid conful, with the majority of the faid merchants . and fallors: and whereas Jeveral perfons have of late conftgned goods find merchandizes exported from this kingdom, Ireland, and other your Majejlys dominions, unto Jlrangers and’foreigners refiding at Lifbon, and elfewhere in the dominions of the King of Portugal, find have thereby not only eluded the pious and charitable purpofes afort-faid, but have occafioned an unequal charge on your Majejlys other frfiling fubjells: and whereas it will be for the eafe and advantage

P d 3	«/

Digitized by Gc ^Ie

406	Anno	o&aro	Georoii I. c. vf.	[17^1.

of your Majeftfs fubjefls in trading to Portogml, u alter afr ..	payments before-mentioned, and poet the national txpenee of the fed

,7l?. PcrSn. tradi	“P*1*	juft and oguitabUfoot: may therefore pjeafc jour

to be appoint- moft excellent Majefty, that it may be enacted, and be it enaftei ed by the Bri- by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice tirti merchants an<j confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and common*, fhigaina^Tem°r *n x^s Prc^nt parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the bled with the fame. That from and after the twenty ninth day of itftmber conful gene- which (hall be in the year of our Lord onethoufand fcrenb\uw-ral, may rc- dred an(j twenty two, it (hall be lawful to and for fuch perfon matoofftdpior Pcrf°ns as (ball be authorized and appointed, from time to trading from time, by the majority of the Britijb merchants and fa&ors rt-Great Britain, Tiding in Portugal, being aflembled with the conful general for Ireland,&c. to the time being, appointed or to be appointed for your Mvjefty’s Reiser tun°	trading	to	Portugal,	or with his deputy-confiri or depu-

omluonnage ty-confuls, or any of them, in any of the ports or places in goods, except Portugal, or any of the dominions thereof, to receive and re-wheat, &c. 100 cover from all matters, or other chief officers or commanders of onalf wheat ^riujh (hips or veflels trading from Great Britain or Ireland, 2c. and 151/ or anv other part of your Majefty*s dominions, to anyof the per centum on kingdoms or dominions of the King of Portugal, the following the freight of fums (to be employed for the pious and charitable purpofes here*

' exhCrteTto *n ment^onc^)tbat *s t0 f*y» any fum or fums °£ money nor ex-Fortugal. ° seeding two hundred Reis per ton, on all totinage goods, (except wheat, barley, rye, coals, timber, boards and lumber) and'-any fum or fums of money not exceeding one hundred Reis per ton, on all wheat, barley, rye, coals, tirtibef, boards and lumber; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fifteen per ten* turn on the freight of all other goods and merchandizes exported from any of your Majefty’s dominions to Lijbon, or any other port or place m any of the dominions of the King of Pertugedi Bills of lading anc*	bills of lading of fuch (hips and tefiels, mall fpedfy to

to fpecify the pay the faid monies accordingly, under the denomination of con-monies. tribution, as per aft of parliament, or to that effeft; and the Perfons pay. perfons paying the fame (hall be reimburfed by their refpeftive inSurfed by" fighters, or by the perfons to whom the faid goods and mer-the freighters, chandizes (hall be configned, or who (hall receive the fame: If no bill of and in cafe no bill of lading (hall appear, or no freight or toft-lading appear, nagC js fettled between the owner or owners of the goods or fcttled^twwn merchandizes and the matter or commander of any Britijb (hip the owners and or veflel trading as aforefaid, then the freight or tonnage of fuch mailers, then goods or merchandizes (hall be valued by two indifferent Britijb ACin!ighti a merchants on the place; one to be chofen and appointed by the by two BritUh con^ general, or his deputy conful, and the other by the matter merchants, or commander of fuch (hip or veflel, within ten days next after whonotagree- unlading the faid goods; and in cafe the rwo perfons fo chofen ing (hall1 chufe fhall not agree and award the fame in five days next after fuch an umpire, appointment, fuch two perfons Hull then chufe a third perfon (being a Britijb merchant on the place) as an umpire who (hall decide and determine the faid valuation of freight or tonnage m

three

Digitized by Google

Myzi.] Anqoo#ayo Georgu I. c.17.	407

three days, and (rich Aims (foil be paid iq either cafe (for the pqrpofes aforefaid) as (hall be agreeable to this aCt.

II.	And be it ensued by the authority aforefaid, That all All mailers, mailers, commanders, or other chief officers of all Britijb (hips kc. within ten and veflcls, tradiqg from Great Britain or Ireland, or any other days aft5r . of your M^efty’s dominions, to any of the dominions of the

King of Portugal, and unloading or delivering the (hip or veflel, deliveronoath or any of the cargo there, (hall, within ten days after the arrival to the conful pf ftich (hip or veflel, deliver to the conful general, or deputy general, &c. a conful redding there, or to fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall he appointed for that purpofe, as aforefaid, a true manifeft in go> ’ writing upon oath, fpecifying the particulars of the whole cargo of fpch (hip and veflel fo oqlqaded or delivered, or of fuch part thereof as (hall be unloaded or delivered there, and to whom configned, which oath fuch conful general, deputy conful, or other perfon or perfoqs to be appointed as aforelaid, is and are hereby refpeCttvely impowered and required to adminifter gratis % upon requeft.

III.	And for better collecting the payment of the faid monies xheconful Scc. herein before diTeCted tP be paid for the pious and charitable to detain the -purpofes aforefaid; be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, clearancesout-That the faid conful general or his deputy conful, in any of the ward nil pay-dominion s of the King of Portugal (hall, and they are hereby mcnt# refpcCtively authorized arid required to detain the clearances outward of all fuch Britijb or Irijb (hips and veflels, and not to give

or deliver any difpatch or paflport for any fuch (hip or veflel, until payment be made, as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enaCted, That all monies to be raifed j|ow the rap-pr received as aforefaid, (hall be applied in manner following; ney (hall be that is to fay. To the minifter refiding at Lijbon, for the time applied, being, for nis fupport and fubfiftence to pray, preach and cx-

ercife his minifterial function there, three hundred Mill Reis per jinnum, by eaual quarterly payments; and the remainder of the faid monies mall be applied for relief of fhipwrecked mariners, and other diftrefled perfons, his Majefty’s fubjeCts, and to fuch other pious, charitable and publick ufes, as (hall from time to time be appointed by the majority of the Britijb merchants and faClors rending at Lijbon, and other ports and places in Portugal, and dominions thereof refpe&ively, being aflembled with the conful general for the time being, or any of his deputy confuls, as aforefaid.

V.	Provided, and be it enaCtcd by the authority aforefaid, Perfons That all perfons liable to pay the four Reis per Mill Reis herein «npted from before mentioned for the purpofes aforefaid, (hall, after payment

made of the fums required by this aCt, from time to time, to be payment of paid, as aforefaid, be exempted and difeharged from payment the (urns re-of the faid four Reis per Mill Reis for the future.	^	tht

VI.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the ^*cconfuj conful general for the time being, appointed or to be appointed nerajf kc. to for your Majefty’s fubje&s trading to Portugal, or his deputy call a genera! conful or deputy confuls refiding at Lijbon, or .elfe where, in any meeting of the

cd4

Digitized by Google

. 4°8

favors, the majority of whom (hall or der all matters relating to the premises.

Publick a St. General iflue.

Anno oda*o Georgit I. c.i8.	£17*1.

of the dominions of the King of Portugal refpedivdy,‘ftiall, from time to time, as he or they (hall fee occafion for effecting the purpofes of this ad, call and fummop a general meeting or a£ fembly of the Britijh merchants and fadors refiding at Lijku, or elfewhere in the dominions of the King of Portugal rdpeBt-iyely, and he and they are hereby obliged and required, from time to time, to call and fummon fuch general meetings ©r aA femblies as often as (hall be defired by writing under the bands of any five or more of the Briti/b merchants or fadors afordaiA, and the majority at fuch meetings or aflemblies (hall, from time to time, order and determine all matters and things relating to the premifles.

VII.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That this aft (hall be efteemed and taken in all courts of juftice, and e/fe-where, to be a publick ad, and (hall be taken notice of as foch^ withoijt fpecial pleading of the fame: and if any adion (hall be brought, or fuit commenced againft any perfon or peribns, for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, or in relation to the premifles, the defendant or defendants in fuch adion may plead the general iflue, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the (apse was done in pursuance, and by the authority of the (aid ad; and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, then the jury (hail find for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance of his, her or their adion or adions, or if a verdid (hall pais againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgment (ball be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have fullcofts, and (hall have fuch remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts in other cafes by law. ’

CAP. XVIII.

An aft to prevent the clandeftine running of goods end the danger of infection thereby; and to prevent Jhips breaking their quarentine •, and to fubjeS copper-ore of the production of the Britifli plantations to fuch regulations, as otbep enumerated commodities of the like production are fubjcCl.

FORASMUCH as the laws already made to prevent the fe-cret landing of prohibited and uncujlomed goods have been found tnjufficient for that pu'pofe* it being notorious that fiuh infamous and c	pernicious p'offices areJiill continued in open defiance of the lews, to

8	Geo. t. c! »i. *be great diminution of the publick revenues, the difcouragement of x5Geo.x. c.33. honrft traders* and during the time of infeffion abroad, to the endan-aoGeo.2. c.47. gering the health and lives of many thoufands of his Majeftfs innocent fubjeffs* by bringing into this kingdom*from infeffedplaces* goods apt to retain infeffion: and w'ereas by an off pajfed in the fifth year of k Geo. 1. c. 11 bis prefent Majcfiy's reign* intituled* An ad againft clandeftine run-* "	ning	of uncuftbmed goods ; and for the more effedual prevent-

ing of frauds relating to the cuftoms, it was enaffed, That any

/ '

Full cofts.

For the continuance of ibis

Digitized by Google

s 721.*) Anno oftavo Grorgii I. c. 18.	4°9

,/Wp, veffel or boat of the burthen of fifteen torts, or under, wherein " *2/ry brandy, arrack, rum, ftrong waters or fpirits of any kind whatsoever Jhould be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven or creek thereof (except as therein is excepted) pitch Jbip, vejfel or boat, with all her tackle, furniture and apparel, or the value thereof, Jhould be forfeited and left, and Jhould and might be feized, recovered, broke up and fold, as therein mentioned, which forfeiture is, by an aft pajfed in the fixth year of the reign of fit? prefent 'Majefiy, intituled. An a6l for preventing frauds and abiifes $ Geo. ixti. 'in the pubhek revenues of excife, cuftoms, (lamp-duties, pod- *9* office and houfe-money, extended to veffels of thirty tuns: and whereas to elude the intent of the faid laws many perfons do now earry on a clandefiine trade by importing thofe goods in Jhips and veffels above the burthen of thirty tuns: for the prevention there-of, be it enabled by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and March ijiu with the adyice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal no brandy, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the to be im-'* authority of the fame, That if any foreign brandy, arrack, ftrong waters or fpirits of any kind whatfoever (hall, from and tup*, after the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven or creek thereof, in any (hip, yeflei or boat of the burthen of forty tuns or under, according to the admeafurement preferibed in the laft mentioned a<ft {except only for the ufe of the feamen then belonging to ana on tx>ard fuch (hip, veflpl or boat, not exceeding two gallons for each fuch feaman) every fuch (hip, veffel or boat, with all her Penalty* tackle, furniture and apparel, as alfo all fuch brandy, arrack, ftrong waters or fpirits, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, and (hall and may be profecuted and divided in fuch manner and form, as is preferibed in the faid a&s concerning fhips, veffels and boats of fifteen or thirty tuns as aforefaid; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That After feizuit after the feizure and condemnation of fuch (hip, veffel or boat,and.

the principal officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms in the port or^p^^ place where the famp (hall be at the time of fuch condemnation, burnt, and are hereby directed to caufe the hull of fuch (hip^ veflel or boaj the tackle, to be burnt and wholly deftroyed, and the tackle, furniture and apparel thereunto belonging, to be publickly fold to the bed advantage, and the produce thereof to be divided as herein after-mentioned, the reafonable charges of profecuting, felling and burnipg as aforefaid being firft deduced.

III.	And whereas many frauds are committed to the prejudice <f

the revenue in the clandefiine running of goods imported, and in relanding certificate goods, as,well as in exporting wool and the coin of this kingdom, by watermen and others in boats, wherries, pinnacej, barges andgalltes, which are fometimes rowed with fix, eight or twelve oars, built on purpofe for the fmuggling trade j and in cafe they are purfued by fbe officers, do make their efcape, whi;h mgy le alfo a *	-	“	mian\

Digitized by Google

4i$	Anno	o&avo	Georgii	L	c.	iS.	[1711.

Boats, kc. rowing with more than four oars, a-bove or below London bridge, kc. forfeited.

means of bringing in the infection: for the preventing whereof, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforeuid, That from and after the faid twenty firth day of March one thoufaad Seven hundred and twenty two, if any boat, wherry, pinnace, barge or galley, rowing or made or built to row with more than four oars, mall be found upon the water or in any bargehoufe, worfcboufo, fhed or other place within any of tnc counties of Mddkfex* Surrey, Kent, or EJfex, or in the river of Thames either abo*e or bielow London-Bridge, or within the limits of the ports of Laden, Sandwich or Ipfwich, or the members qr creeks to them, or either of them refpedively belonging, fucl\ boat, wberry, pinnace, barge or galley, with all her tackle and furniture, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be fazed Owner, See. to by any officer pr officers of the cuftoms; and the owner or own-forfeit 40 L crs thereof, or any perfon ufing or rowing in fiicb boat, wherry* pinnace, barge or galley, (hall alfo forfeit and iofe the {um of Boat,&c.after ^ort7 pounds; and fuch feizure and forfeiture (hall and may he eondemna- profecuted in the manner herein after mentioned; and after the tion, to be feizure and condemnation of fuch boat, wherry, pinnace, bay The veflcl* or 8a^cy» t^lc Principal officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms in the condemned port or place where the fame (hall be at the time of fuch con-may be ufed, demnation, are hereby dire&ed to caufe fuch boat, wherry. See. by nGeo. pinnace, barge or galley to be burnt and wholly deftroyed, and i.c. sS. f. 14. tackle, furniture and apparel thereunto belonging to be pub-lickly ford to the beft advantage, the produce whereof to be divided as herein after mentioned ; the reafonable charges of protecting, felling and burning as aforefaid being firft deducted. .

IV.	Provided always. That this a& (hall not extend or be conftrued to extend to any barge or galley belonging to or to be* long to his Majefty, or the royal family, or any o/them, or to any long-boat, yaul or pinnace belonging to and ufed in thefor-vice of any merchant-inip or veflel, or to fuch boat, wberry, pinnace, barge or galley, as (hall be licenfed by the lord high admiral, or commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, or the major part of the fame commiffioners for the Licences to be time being; which licences (hail be in writing, figned by the bid faned by the lord high admiral, or commiffioners for executing the office of admiralty. ford high admiral, or the major part of fuch commiffioners for the time being, and (hall be granted without any foe or charge whatfoeve*

To whit barges, See. this a£t (hall not extend.

Security to be. Provided always. That na fuch licence (hall be granted, given, that hut upon fufficient fecurity to be given to his Majefty, his heirs boat (hall not and fuccedors, by the owner or owners of fuch boat, wherry, be ufed for pinnace, barge or galley, by bond, in fuch penalty as the lord puftomed ^ ^'g*1 admiral, or commiffioners for executing the office of lord goods, Scc.	high admiral for the time being, (hall find to be.reafonable, with

condition that the fame (hall not be made ufe of in the dande-ftine running of uncuftomed and prohibited goods; which fecurity the faid lord high admiral, or the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, who (ball grant fuch

licence.

Digitized by LaOOQle

4*1

21.3	Anno o&avo Georgii I. c iS.

me, are hereby impowcred and required to take for the ufe his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors.

VI.	Arid be it further enaAcd by the authority aforefaid, That Perfons paf. m and after the fiud twenty fifth day of March one thoufand &n.& ren hundred and twenty two all and every perfon and perfons,

10 (hall be found palling (knowingly and willingly) with any out entry, and eign goods or commodities landed from any (nip or vefiel, being more * thout the due entry and payment of the duties by law charged ereon, in his, her or their cuftody, from any of the coafts, of	t0	^

is kingdom, or within the fpace of twenty miles of any of tranfpoited. e laid coafts, and (hall be more than five perfons in company,

(hall carry any ofienfive arms or weapons, or wear any vizard, zOl or other difgisHe, when paffing with fuch goods or com-oditie9 as aforefaid, or (hall forcibly hinder or refill any of the Boers of the cuftoms or excife in tne feizing or fecunng any rts or kinds of run goods or commodities, (hall be deemed id taken to be runners of foreign goods and commodities within ie meaning of this prelent aA, and (being conviAed of or for ry of the laid offences, for which he, (he or they fo conviAed e by this prelent aA declared to be deemed and taken to be snners of foreign goods and commodities) (hall be adjudged uilty of felony, and (hall, for foch his, her or their offence, e tranfported as a felon to fome or ooe of his Majefly’s colo-ies or plantations in America^ there to remain for the fpace of rven years, in the fame manner as felons are appointed to be 'anfported by an aA made in the fourth year or his Majefty*S4Geo.i.e.tt. eign, intituled, An aft for the preventing of robbery, burglary and tber felonies; and for the more effectual tranfportation of felons and mlawful exporters of wool; and for declaring the law in Jome points \gainfi piracies ; and by another aA made in the fixth year of his 6 Geo. x.c.sj. Ciajefty’s 'reign, intituled. An afl for the further preventing robbery and burglary and other felonies; and for the more effefiual tranf-station of felons; and if any fuch offender or offenders (hall Returning; in. •etum into Great Britain or Ireland before the expiration of the to Great Bri-“aid feven years, he, (he or they fo returning (hall fuffer as fe- J"1“ orfelons, and have execution awarded againft him, her or them, aslan • fc ony* perfons attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy.

VII.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby enaAed and de- offender be. dared by the authority aforefaid. That if any runner of foreign fore con vie-* goods or commodities as aforefaid (hall, within two months tion difcover-after fuch his offence, and before his conviAion, difeover two l1l8 ac-or more of his accomplices therein to the comifiiffioners of cuftoms or excife in England or Scotland refpeAively, fo as they, months, to or two of them at leaft, be conviAed of fuch offence, the offender have 401. for or offenders fodifeovering (hall have and receive the fum of forty each, and ac-» pounds for every fuch offender fo difeovered and conviAed, as <lu,tted»&c’ , a reward for fuch his difeovery ; fo as the value of the goods recovered for the ufe of his Majefty on fuch difeovery (hall exceed the fum of fifty pounds ; and fuch perfon fo difeovering (hall be clearly acquitted and difebarged of fuch his or ficr offence.

VIII.	And*

Digitized by

Google

Annoo&avo Georcii I. c.18.

1*7*'-

Reward to be paid by the receivers general and

412

Other perfons VUL And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrefoid, difcovering in That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of Marti am mhave40U t^ou^an^ fcven hundred and twenty two, if any other oerfen or over and above perfons (hail, within three months after fuch offence Audi have any other re- been committed, difcover to the faid commiflioners reJpedivdy ward*	any perfon or perfons who (hall have been guilty of fuch offence*

fo as fuch offender or offenders be convi&cd thereof, inch dif-coverer or difcoverers (hall have and receive the like reward of forty pounds for every fuch offender fo difeovered and conri&ei, over and above any other reward or recompence, which he or they may be entitled unto, on account of the goods fo carried .or conveyed away, which (hall be recovered by means of fuch his or their difeovery, or on account of the penalties which (hall be recovered for the running of the faid goods, fo as the value of the faid goods recovered for the ufe of his Majefty on (i»ch discovery (hall exceed the fum of fifty pounds.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afortfrid. That the commiflioners of the cuftoms and exdfe m England and Scotland refpeftivcly (hall caufe the feveral rewards of forty

cafhiers of the pounds for the difeovery of the offenders before-mentioned, to cuftoms and be paid by the refpe&ive receiver general or calhier of the cof-der^t2e°r" tOB1$ an<* excife t*lc tim* being, out of any puhlick money commiflioners m b** or the*r hands under the management ot the (aid commiflioners, in proportion to the duties payable on the goods to clandeffinely run, for which fuch perfon or perfons (hall be convicted, upon producing to them a certificate or certificates under the hand of the judge or juftice of the court before whom fuch offender or offenders (hall be tried, certifying the conviction of the offender or offenders, and the money paid by any receiver general or calhier as aforefoid (hall be accepted or and allowed in his accounts, as fo much money paid to his Majefty and fuch receiver general or calhier is and (hall be hereby discharged thereof accordingly; any law, cuftom or ufrge to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.	And forafmuch as the perfons ufmg fuch clande/Hm trade are greatly encouraged to continue the fame, by reafon groat members of perfons, for their private lucre, receive and buy the goods ^pod merchandizes fo by them tlandejlinely imported contrary to law, which may be a means of bringing in the infection: be it therefore enaded by

Perfons re- the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hell re-feivinr goods, ceive or buy any goods, wares or merchandizes fo dandeftiody ft^elvrunC& run or *mPor*c^> before the fame (hall have legally been con-forfeit aoL ° demned, knowing the fame to be fo clandeffinely run or importr ed, and (hall be thereof lawfully convicted upon his, her or their appearance or default, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, or by the confeffion of thp party, by one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, divifion, or liberty where foch offence (hall be committed, or the offender (hall be found (which oath fuch juftice or juftices of the peace are hereby required to adminifter) the perfon fo CQ^viCted forfeit th? foa* pf twenty pounds v ow

in England and Scotland fefpc&ively.

Digitized by LjOOQle

4*4

Anno oftevo Georgu I. c. 18*

moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to this poor of the parifh where fuch offence (hall be committed, the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hand and leal or hands and feals of fuch juftice or juftices before whom fuch offender (hall be convi&ed as afore-fa id ; and for want of fuch diftrefs every fuch offender (hall by fuch juftice or juftices be committed to prifon, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of three months.

XI.	And whereas feveral confidtrahle dealers in foreign brand}* fpirits orftrong waters have ana keep very large Jocks or quantities of foreign brandy, fpirits or Jlrong waters for fale, many whereof live upon or near the coajls of this kingdom, and thereby have or may have opportunities for fumtjbing themfehes with the faid brandy* fpirits or ftrong waters* either by running the fame themfehes, or procuring it from others who have or Jhallrun it: and whereas many cf the faid dealers are gotten into a practice of receiving into their cuftody great quantities of fpirits made in tins kingdom, which for the mojl part are brought to them from London, with permit or certificate that the duties of the fame have been paid, which fpirits are either drawn fo low, or by mixing the fame with water made of fo mean a quality, that of themfehes they are of little or no value, and by having thofe fpirits in their cuftody, the faid dealers have opportunities of increasing their Jlocks of foreign brandy, fpirits or Jlrong waters, which they either run themfehes, or procure others to do it for them ; and when fuch increafe ts difeovered by the officers of the excife, the fame is pretended to have been made by a mixture of the faid mean Britifh fpirits with their foreign brandy, fpirits or ftrong waters, whereas in truth they really defray the faid Britifh /pints* and do not mix the fame with their foreign goods, whereby the brattice of running the fame is become difficult to be found out and difeovered* and the pernicious trade of running the fold foreign brandy, fpirits or Jlrong waters fuccefsfully carried on: for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid All dealers in twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and

twenty two all dealers in foreign brandy, fpirits or ftrong waters, thCII1 fe-who (nail then have, or from thenceforth receive into their cu- parate from ftody, any Britijb fpirits, (hall keep the fame feparate and apart, Britilh rpirits, and in feparate cellars, vaults or other places, from their foreign brandy, fpirits or ftrong waters, upon pain of forfeiting the fum ™n'on Britiftw cf ten (hillings for every gallon of Britijb fpirits which (hail be and forfeiture found in any vault, cellar or other place where any dealer in of calks, foreign brandy, fpirits or ftrong waters (hall have or keep any foreign brandy, fpirits or ftrong waters, together with the ca(ks . and other vellels wherein the fame Britifh (pints (hall be found.

XII.	And it is hereby further ena&cd by the authority afore- jncreafe 0f f0m faid, That in cafe any officer of the excife mall find any increafe reign brandy, of foreign brandy, fpirits or ftrong waters in the hands of any &c. found by fuch dealer, over and above the quantity which fuch officer °®cer aftcr found in fuch dealer’s cuftody at the time of fuch officer’s laft to^decmcl* preceding furvey upon fuch dealer, fuch increafe (hall be deem- as brandy

ed and taken to be made by foreign brandyA fpirits or ftrong without per-*	waters,	****>

Digitized by LiOOQle

Anno o&aro Geoegii L c. 18.	^1721.

waters, for which no dudes were paid, wad whids had facet privately brought bv inch dealer into die pbee where ftach m> oeafe mall be found, without any permit or certificate of the payment of die duty thereof, or any previous entry or notice Such brandy, to any officer of exrife of bringing the fame; and fb much of te^mth cask,the faid foreign brandy, fpirits or ftrong waters, at §uB be *>rf*ltcd' found io inareafed, (hall, together with the cafk or other vefied wherein the lame (hall be (b contained, be (bricked and kA; sad dial! and may be feared and fccured by fuch officer and officers of excife: who (hall to find and difcover the fame, tmkfs the owner thereof (hall make it appear, that fuch increafe was mauk cither by mkmg Some of his dock of Briti/b (pints, whereof the officer of exrife: had taken an account, with has foreign brandy, fpirits, or (hong waters in the prefence of the officer of exrife of tfae divifion where the (aid increafe (hall be found, or by foreign brandy, fpirits or ftroog waters brought into die place where inch increafe (hall be found, with a permit or certificate of the payment of the dudes thereof, or that the fame had been formerly condemned, or was part of tome peifon’s ftock in hand on the firft day of Augujl on e thoufand feven hundred and twenty, and that due notice was given to the officer of exrife at the laid dtvifion of the bringing in the fame, before the lame was &> brought in.

XIII.	Aid whereas many Mailers ef foreign brandy* jforits ar Jlrong waters are furnijbed with the brand*% fpirits orfirstsg waters which they retail by per fans who run the fame, or tbetr aocompSui* infinaU quantities, viz. lefs than one gallon at a time, ami when the officers of the excife find Juch fmail quantities in jtha bands of fact retailers, they ref aft to produce any permit or certificate for the fame, alledging, that no fuch permit or certificate art required by law for any quantity of Juch brandy, fpirits or Jlrong waters sender tie porno-tity of ohe gallon, whereby the runners thereof find means to difpofe of great quantities of fuch run brandy, fpirits or Jlrong waters : tor remedy whereof, be it enaded by the authority aforefiud, 50rtW left11* from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March one than one gal- Aoufand feren hundred and twenty two no foreign brandy, (pints Jon, without or ftrong waters, although the fame be under the quantity of permit, &<*. one gallon, (hall be received or taken into the cuftody or pof-torfeited, with fcfliou <>f any fach retailer, or any perfon or perfects for the ofe M *	of any fuch retailer, without a permit or certificate figned by

feme officer of thecuftoms or excife, fignifying that tbe duties thereof were paid, or fccurcd to be paid, or that the feme had been condemned as forfeited, or was part of (bine perfon’s dock in hand on die firft day of Augujl one thoufend (even hundred and twenty, upon pain of* forfeiting all fuch foreign brandy, fpirits or ftrong waters, as (hail be (b found in the cufiody of foch retailer or any other perfon or perfons for the ufe of any fodh retailer, without a permit or certificate, together with die cafk, bottle or other veflel wherein the fame (haU be fo found; any law, ftatute or provifioa to the contrary thereof in any wife botwithftanding.

6	XIV, And

Digitized by L.ooQle

ijai.l Awioo&aro GeoRgii L c. 18.	415

XIV.	And whereas by virtue of an aft faffed inthefiffion offar-7 Geo. 1. <Ut. tiament holden in the feventb year of hit Majefty’s reign, obliging allx* c* 3«

„/S#rA perfons and goods coming from ftacts that are or fboU

ke mentioned in bis Majefty’s f reclamation, to ptrform quarentine, it ^Gco. *.c.S. is enafled, That in cafe any commander, or other ferfon taking charge of any fhip liable to perform quarentine /ball not, within '

Convenient time, after due notice given for that pmpofe by the proper officer, caufe fitch fhip or veffel and the lading thereof, to per-ffbrm quafentine refpeflively, then fucb Jhip or veffel is forfeited, and the commander, mafter or other perfon as aforefaid forfeits two hundred pounds: and whereas the commanders, mqfltrs or other perfons tasking charge of fuch flaps or vtffels do pretend, after they are fut into the place or places to perform quarentine, to be bound to parts beyond feas, or fome other port or phee of this kingdom, and do frequently depart from fitch places without the licence of the proper officer appointed to fie the quarentine duly performed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of tie find aft; (or remedy whereof, be it enaded and declared by the authority aforefaia, That if the Ships depart-Commander, mafter or other perfon taking charge of any (hip mg without or veffel liable to perform quarentine, (hall depart with or per- 1,fencc from mit or fuffer foch (hip or veffel to depart from the place or place*	1%r

appointed for the performance of quarentine, without leave or quarentine licence of the proper officer or officers appointed to fee the fame forfeited, performed, fuch mip or veffel, with her tackle, furniture and apparel, (hall be forfeited to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-lore, and the commander, mafter or other perfon as aforefaid fhall alfo forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds; one moiety	command

thereof to the ufe of hts Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and	ac^

the other moiety thereof to the informer or profecutor.

XV.	And whereas feveral perfons guilty of the clandefline running of brandy or other cuftomable and prohibited goods, or of receiving fuch goods, knowing the fame to have been fo run, do frequently remove from their ujual places of abode into fome other county, and are there called by other than their true names, to avoid their being profe-cuted with iff eft for fuch their notorious offences; be it therefore

further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon How ^rfon| or perfons (hall, after the (aid five and twentieth day or March running bran-one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, be guilty of any dy, &c. re* offence or offences contrary to the true intent and jneanina of this or any other ad of parliament made for the preventing dan- &c.rmaytw deftine running of brandy or other cuftomable or prohibited prjfccuted. goods, or of receiving fuch goods into his or their houfe, (hop or warehoufe, cuftody or poUeftion, knowing the fame to be fo run, fuch perfon and perfons (hall and may be profecuted for any of the offences or matters aforefaid, by adion, bill, plaint or information, and thereupon a Capias in the firft procefs, fpe-cifying the fum of the penalty fued for, (hall and may iffue; and fuch perfon or perfons (hall be obliged to give fufficient bail or fecurity by natural-born fubjeds or denizens, to the perfon or perfons to whom fuch Capias (lull be direded, to appear in the court out of which fuch Capias (hall iffue at the day of return

Digitized by Google

4i5

f Ann. c* 7.

$ Ann. c. 13.

Seizures of veflcls, &c. of s $ tons or under, howto be proceeded up-e&.

Anna o&avor GeoRgii T. c. 18.	£172	*;

ttttn of fuch writ, to anfWer fuch fuit and profecution, and (half Jikewife, at the time of fach appearing, give fnffident bail or Security by fuch perfons as aforefaid in the (aid court, to anfwcr and pay all the forfeitures and penalties incurred for foch offence or offences, in cafe he or they (hall be convifted thereof, or to yieM his or their body or bodies to prifon.

XVI.	And whereas by two feveral afts faffed in the dftstb year of the reign of her late majefly Shieen Anne, the mtet Mebtikd* An aft for granting to her Majefty new duties of exdTttipon feveral imported commodities, and for other purpofis therein pa-timed \ the other, intituled, An aft tor continuing feveral impo* fitions, additional impofitions and duties upon goods imported,* to raife money by way of loan for the fcrvice of the veal* one thoufand feven hundred and ten * and for taking off tbeover-fea duty on coals exported in Britifb bottoms; 2nd for preventing frauds in drawbacks upon certificate goods, and other psrr-pofes therein mentioned,, it is thereby rejpeftively enafted, That tf any fort of goods whatfoever, liable to the payment of duties5 be vnjbip-ped with intention to be laid on land (cuffoms and other duties wot being firft paid or fecured) or if any prohibited goods whatfoever be imported into any part of Great Britain, or in cafe any tobacco or other foreign goods contained or fpecified in any certificate, whereupon any drawback is to be made, or whereupon any debenture ii te bj made forthfor fuch drawback, Jball, when /hipped for exhortation, be landed agatn in any part of Great Britain (except as therein is excepted) the vejfels and boats, and all the horfes and other, eettk and carriages whatfoever, ufed in the landing, relanding, removing, carriage or other conveyance of the aforefaid goods,/ball be forfeited ami loft, and may be fued for, recovered and diftributed in fitch menmer as by the faid aft is provided and direfted; which laws have net had the good effefts thereby propofed, in regard that the keeping aninmuo-taining the horfes fo fiized, from the time of feizure to the time.ef condemnation in his Majejlfs court of exchequer, is very chargeable* and for that the charge cf condemning fuch vejfels, boats and horfes as aforefaid is very great, whereby officers are difeouraged from making fuch feizure s, and the fmuggkrs encouraged in their illegal pro ft ices: be it therefore cnafted by the authority afbrdaid* That all feizurcs of veffcls or boats of the burthen of fifteen tuns, or under* which (hall be made after the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred aiid twenty two, by vir* tue of the faid afts, or either of them, or of any other aft relating to the revenue of cuftoms, for carrying or conveying'im-cuftomed or prohibited goods from (hips inward orforrelandihg certificate or debenture goods from (hips outwards, and that aU feizures of horfes, or other cattle or carriages whatfoever^ which fhall be made after the twenty fifth day ot March one thotxfimd feven hundred and twenty two, for being ufed in the removing, carriage or conveyance ot fuch goods, contrary to the (aid afts, or any of them,lhall and may be examined into, proceeded upon, heard, adjudged and determined by and before two or more of his Majtfty’s jufticcs of the peace redding near thij^nbee

%•

Digitized by L^ooQle

ty21.*] Annb offavo GEofcciil I. c. iS.	41	y

Where fuch feizure (hall be made, in fuch manner, and after fuch fummons or publick notice given, as by an a<5t pafled in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for 6Geo.i. c,nj preventing frauds and abufes in the publick revenues of excifey cufloms,	10*

Jiamp-dutieSy poJl~%ffice and houfe-money> feizures of brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters (except as therein is except-* cd) may be examined into, proceeded upon, heard, adjudged and determined, before two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, and fuch their refpeitive judgments (hall be and are hereby declared to be taken and adjudged to be good, valid and effectual in the law, and final to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, and not liable to any appeal, or any writ or writs of Certiorari; any law, ftatute or provifion to the contrary not- No Certiorari, withftanding.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority Juftices of aforefaid, That any two or more juftices of the peace of the ci- London, See. ties of London and IVeftminfiery mall have the like power and ^erastthe* authority in the fummoning, examining, proceeding, hearing, jultice*. adjudging and determining fuch feizures, as are or (hall be made

within the cities of London or Weftminfter refpeeftively, as any two juftices of the peace of any other county or place have; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding*

XVIII.	And whereas foreign goods are frequently taken in at fea Goods

by majlers of toajling vejjels, who privately land the fame, to the pre- brought from judice of the revenue, and the encouragement of the foul traders: for one port into the prevention whereof, be it further enabled by the authority Q^atBritain aforefaid. That if any goods brought or coming into any port &c, unfhippcd ‘within the kingdom or Great Britain, from any other port with- beforecocquet in the faid kingdom, by coaft cocquet, tranfire, let-pafs orcer- delivered to Tificate, in any fKip or veflel, fhall, from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, be unfhipped to be landed or put on (here, before fuch cocquet, tranfire, let-pafs or certificate, fhall be delivered to the ‘Cuftomer or collector and comptroller of the port or place of her arrival, and warrant or fufferance made and given from fuch cuftomer, collector and comptroller for the landing or difeharging thereof, the matter, purfer, boatfwain, or other mariner, taking charge of fuch (hip or veflel, out of which the goods fhall be landed or put on fhore, knowing and con-fenting thereunto, fhall forfeit the value of the goods fo unfhip-

!>ed; and if any goods of foreign growth, production or manu- Foreign goods sufturc, coming coaft wife, as aforefaid, fhall be landed without landeci with-the prefence of an officer of the cuftoms, fuch foreign goods, or of officer Bfor-the value thereof, fhall be forfeited and loft; any law, cuftom feitech *' or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.	And whereas by an aft made in the fixth year of the reign oft Geo. s.«. ia« his prefent Majejly, intituled, An a<5t for preventing of frauds and abufes on damaged wines, and for lengthening the time for the drawbacks cn the exportation of wines? it is enafted, That in cafe any merchant or other perfon importing wineSy fhall find the fimey or any part thereoffi damaged, corrupt or unmerchant able y that he jhall . Vol. XIV.	E	e	refufi



Digitized by LjOOQle

418	Afinoo&avo	Georgii I. c. 18.	{17*1.

/<? pay or fecure the duties of fuch wines, tfai thereupon Jlavey fpill or otherwife deJlrSy the famty as by the faid o& he is allowed to d$y in the manner therein mentioned, fuch merchant or other perfon, Jhall,	j compenfation for the freight and other charges,

have the Jum of four pounds for every tun of winey containing two hundred and fifty two gallons, of the growth of Germany, or wines which pay duties as fuchy and of the grcrwtb of France, Jo fipvtd* fpilty or otherwife dffiroyedy and the fum of eight pounds per tear, for every tun of wine of the growth of Spain, Portugal, or dfcwbcrt, (ind fo in proportion for a greater or lefjer quantity, to be paid in the mauner thereby directed ; which feveral and refpeftive allowances were made with regard to the dijlances of the places from whence the faid feveral forts oj wine are vjually imported: and whereas Jinee the %	making	of the faid aft> great quantities of mean and corrupt wines

have been imported from the ijle of Man, the freight whereof was inconfdcrdbley and Jlaved for the benefit of the above-mentioned aU> lowances for freight and charges, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the faid aft, which fraudulent praftice may not enjyy from the encouragement before-mentionedf, be continued from the faid ifiandy bat alfo be carried on by ill-difpofed perfons from Ireland, and the ifiands of Jerfey and Guernfey, or other places and parts beyond the fees, to the lejfening of his Majeffs revenues, and prejudice of fair March i a* traders; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority afbrcfrid, That no^anovrcnctt no allowance (hall be made by virtue of the faid afl (hr the for freight of freight or charges of any wine which (hall be imported after Che wine unlefs twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and twcnty two> un*ek fuch wine be imported in ca$s oq board the pUce'of merchant fhip or veiTcl, directly from the country or ptae? its growth, of the growth of fuch wine, or the ufual port or place pf \ts firft (hipping; any thing in the faid a& to the contrary notakfer ftanding.

Allowances XX. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority qs-for wine in forefaid. That in cafe any (hip or vefiei having wines on board, thips itranded. [hall by ftrefs 0f weather, or any other accident be {branded# then and in fuch cafe, the wines on board the faid (hip or vef-fel which (hall be faved, may be put on board any other /hip, vefiel or boat, and be carried to any of the lawful ports or plac^p for landing of goods in this kingdom, and be intifted to tqe fame allowances for fuch of them as (hall be ftaved> (hilt of deftroyed, as if they came in the (hip or veflel in which th^y were firft loaded; any thing in this or any other ad to the cop* trarv notwithftanding.

6Geo. l.c.ti, XXI. And whereas by an aft pajfed in the fextb year cfbU. M*-Xicence for Jelly s reign, intituled, An ad for preventing frauds ana ulbalet in importation ortbe pUblick revenues of excife, cuftoms, damp-duties, poft-t^be^diver- °®cei an^ houfe-money, it is enafted, That every licence taken out ed to the col- for the importation of nutmegs, claves, mace or cinnamon^ in tbi man-leftor of the ner therein dire ft ed, Jhall be delivered to tl?e merchant demanding the to be produced and delivered up by the wafer} purfer, orfiher be;Cimported* P&fi91 baking charge of the fnpy to the collector and comptroller f See. . .	* the port at the time of entring the Jhipy which aft is evaded firv&t

Digitized by i^ooQle

«72 «•]

Ahno o£tatt> G&orgii I. c. 18.

4*9

bf penalty to inforte the fame, contrary to the true intent and meaning thereof ; be it thereof ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe the matter, purfer, or other perfon taking charge of any (hip, importing any of the faid fpices from any place or places beyond the (eas, other than dire&ly from the Eajl-Indiesj (hall not deliver up fuch licence to the collector and comptroller of the port into which the faid fpices (hall be im-

E>rted, at the time of his or their entring the faid lhip, regu-rly indorfed, as in and by the faid a& is dire<5ted, and alfo annex fuch licence to the entry or report of the (hip; and in Penalty in cafe cafe each calk of nutmegs, cloves, or mace fo imported, (hall ?f deficiency not contain neat three hundred pound weight, and each bale ofin quantity cinnamon neat feventy pound weight, as by the faid a<St is di- ot ****** re&ed; then and in any of the faid cafes, fuch nutmegs, cloves, mace or cinnamon (hall be forfeited, and deemed to be imported without a licence, granted or to be granted by virtue of the faid a&, or any former law, and fuch fpice (hall and may be profecuted, as alfo the (hip importing the fame, by any a& or a<tts of parliament now in force relating to the cuftoms, as if fuch fpice had been imported without licence; any law, cuftom or ufao;e to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXII.	And whereas by the alts made in the twelfth and twenty- i»Car. i.c.i J. fifth years of the reign of his late majejly King Charles the Second,	l8,

the former intituled, An adt for the encouraging and increafing of15 ar# a*c’7* Shipping and navigation ; and the latter intituled, An adfc for the encouragement or the Greenland and Eajlland trade, and for the letter fccuring the plantation-trade; and by one other aft made in the third and fourth years of the reign of her late majejly Shieen Ann.c.j. Anne, intituled, An adt for granting to her Majefty a further^ **• fubfidy on wines and merchandizes imported, certain commodities therein refpeClively enumerated, of the growth, production or manufacture, of any of the Britifh plantations in America, Afia or Africa, are for the reafons therein mentioned, refrained to be imported into this kingdom, or to feme other of the faid plantations, under the fecurities and penalties in the faid two firfe recited ads, or either of them, particularly mentioned; fence the making of which lawsy copper orey (which is not in any of the faidaCts particularly enumerated) is produced in the faid plantations, and carried to foreign markets in Europe, without being firfe brought into this kingdom, to the prejudice of the trade and the lejfening the correfpondence and relation between this kingdom and the aforefaid plantations; for prevention Copper ore of whereof for the future, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, the produce of That from and after the twenty ninth day of September one Briti(h planta-thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, all copper ore (hall be, ed toVuchre-" under the like fecurities and penalties, reftrained to be imported gulations as * into this kingdom, as by the fore-recited a&s, or any of them, other commo-is provided for the goods therein particularly enumerated; any ditics, to. law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Penalty, how That the feveral penalties and forfeitures in this a<5t mentioned, ^°t|>c*^rofccu* (hall and may be profecuted and determined by .bill, plaint or c ' *

E e 2	infor-

Digitized by

Google

4^o	Anno	o&avo	Georgii t c. it.	[*7^1.

information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wifi-’ minfier, or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh rdpeAivdy,

iexcept where it is irr this a&otherwife directed) wherein mref-oin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed; and oae moiety of the faid feveral penalties and forfeitures ftaU be to the uie of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch perfon or perfons as will fue for 9>r profccwe the feme.

Seizures, how XXIV. And whereas doubts have arifenand been made of ad

to be made m concern*nZ fa^ng of fuch brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits ad firong waters, as well foreign as Britiih, and alfo of fifth foreign excifeable liquor, as by aft or afls relating thereto now in force, are in Jeveral and refpeflive cafes enabled and declared to be forfeited; new to clear all doubt and quejlion therein, or relating thereto^ be it enacted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the liquors aforefeid, every or any them, which have been, are, is, or hereafter (hall be forfeited by any aCt or aCts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, together with the calks, bottles, veflels, or other package containing the fame, ought to be, and from time to time (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife refpeCtively, or by fuch perfon or perfons, who are or (hall be deputed or authorized thereto, by warrant from the lord treafurer or under trea-furer, or by fpecial commiffion from his Majeffy, under tiie great feal or privy fcal, but by none other or others whatfoever. Refifting ofii- XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, cer% &c. tor- That if from and after the twenty fifth day of Mario ode thou-fcits 40I. fand feven hundred and twenty two, any perfon or perfons whatfoever, (hall afiault, refift, oppofe, moleft, obftruCfc or hinder any officer or officers of the cultoras or excife* in the due feizing or fecuring any brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters, either foreign or Britijh, or any foreign excifeable liquors, which by any officer or officers of cuftoms or excife, (hall or may be feized by virtue or in purfuance of this or any other aCt or aCls now in force, or hereafter to be made, or mall by force or violence refeue, or (hall caufc or procure to be refcued, any brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits or ftrong waters, Britijh or foreign, or any foreign excifeable liquors, after the feme (hall have been feized by fuch officer or officers, as aforefeid, or (hall attempt or endeavour fo to do, or (hall, at or after fuchfeizure, ftave, break, or otherwife deftroy or damage any calk, ve/fel or bottle containing fuch brandy, arrack, rum, fpirits, or firong waters, Britijh or foreign; or fuch foreign excifeable liqoor, the party or parties fo offending (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofc the fum of forty pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enadted by the authority afbrefaki. That if any action or fuit fhall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this act, that the defendant or defendants in fuch adtion or fuit, may plead General iflue. general iffue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the feme was

done

Digitized by

Anno oftavo Georgii I, c. igt	421

done in purfuance and by the authority of the faid aA; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, then the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be non-fuited, or difcontinue his adlion, after the defendant or defend-ants’fhall have appeared, or if judgment (hall be given upon any Verdidl or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or de-	v

fondants (hall and may recover treble cofis, and have the like Treble cods, remedy fpr the fame, as the defendant or defendants hath, or have in other eafes by law,	~

- XXVII. Provided always, and it is .hereby further enadted by con,tsilfue f£r the authority aforefaid. That this prefent adt fhall continue and two years be in force tor the fpace of two years, commencing from the after^March twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and *7X1* &c- . twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion ^rndby Tgco. of parliament, and no longer.	*. c. »i.

CAP. XIX.	&s?oe°Gco?”*

An aft for the better recovery of the penalties inflifted uponc- +7* perfons who deftroy the game.

FO R rendring more effectual the laws now in being for the ^^fo^^ better prefervation of the game, be it enadted by the King’s any perfon molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of (hall hereafter the lotds fpiritual ana temporal and commons, in this prefent ^ I,abJc parliament affembled, aqd by die authority of the fame. That wherefoever any perfon (hall, for any offence to be hereafter fences com-committed againft any law now in being for the better prefer- mitted againft yation of the gpme, be liable or fubjeft to pay any pecuniary the laws tor penalty or fum of money, upon cohvidUon before any juftice or ofCthrg?mei juftioes of the peace, it (hall and may be lawful for any other any other per-perfon whatfoever, either to proceed to recover the faid penalty, fon may re-by information and convidtion before a juftice or juftices of the cov" the faid peace, ii\fuch manner as is in fuch law contained, or to Cue for the fame by addon of debt, or on the cafe, bill, plaint or informa- fore a juftice," cion, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, or fue for the protedtion, wager of Jaw, or more than one imparlance fhall be fa"1^ allowed, and wherein the plaintiff, if he recovers, (hall likewife have his double cofts.

II. Provided, That all fuits and adiions to be brought by ASions to be force of this adf, fhall be brought before the end of the next term after the offence committed; and that no offender againft any th^ternf after of the laws now in being for the better prefervation of the game, the offence fhall be profecqted for the fame offence, both by the way pre- committed, feribed by this law, and by the way prescribed by any of the laid No former laws; and that in cafe of any fecond profccution, the fe^uTed^orThe perfon fo doubly profecutcd, may plead in his defence the for- fame offence, mer profecution pending, or the convidticn or judgment therer ppon bad.

Ec3	CA?p

Digitized by L^ooQle

4^2	Anno	olbtvd GtoRon 1. €. lot

CAP. XX.

Ah aft for faying off and cancelling one miUiancf exchequer-bills* and to give eafe to the South-Sea company* in re-fpeft of its prefent obligation* to circulate or contribute towards circulating exchequer-bills; and to give further time to that company for repayment of one mUtion which was lent to tbem\ and for iffuxng a further Jim in new exchequer-bills* towards bis Maftfty's flippy* to be dif-charged and cancelled* when the jaid company Jball repay the million owing by them * ana that the exchequer-falls^ which are to continue* may fa circulated at cafy and moderate rates•* and for appropriating the /applies granted to bis Majefty in this fiffion of parliament; and for relief of the fufferers at Nevis and Saint Chriftophers* by an invu-fion of the French in the late war •* and for hying a further duty on apples imported * and for afeertaimng the duties on piftures imported.

MOST gracious Sovereign* Whereas among/} Overs matters and things contained in an aft of parliament* made and pqffei 4 Geo. 1. c. 4. in the fixth year <f your Majtfifs reign* intituled* Au m& foren-abling the South-Sea company to increafe their prefeat capital (lock and fund, by redeeming fuch pubtick debts anilflCiim-' brances as are therein mentioned; and for rahing money to be applied for leflening feveral of the pubiick debts and u&om* brances; and for calling in the prefent exchequer-trills remain ing uncancelled ; and for making forth new bills in lieu thereof to be circulated and exchanged upon ejemand at or near the ac± chequer, it tvm recited or mentioned* That after the appikotio* df fuch monies as are therein fpecified* the principal monies to remain due upon bills* commonly called exchequer-bills, made firth by virtue of former afts of parliament in that behalf* and would then be inter out of the exchequer uncancelled and undischarged* xVonld by qfiimatien amount unto eight hundred ninety fix thoufani fix hundredfixty two pounds ten /hillings or thereabouts* btftdes interefi on them or fame of them; and it was thereby enabled* That the faid refidusrybiUs fbouU oO brought in to be changed for new bills* upon fuch notice* and in fitch mm tier, as was thereby preferibed \ and that the commiffioners of the tree* fury* or any three or more of them* or the high treafurer fir the time being* fhould caufe new bills to be prepared and made forth at the receipt of the exchequer* for any fum or fums of money* whereof tbeftbenpd Jhould not exceed the faid eight'hundred ninety fix thoufaud fix hundred fixty two pounds ten Shillings* adding thereunto tie heterefi m#-nics which Jhould appear to be due thereupon ; and that fitch new bills Jhall bear an interefi not exceeding the rate of two pence per centum per diem; and it was thereby enabled* That the faid company* or their court of direftors in their behalf Jhould* from time to time* during the term of feven years* to be reckoned from the feaft of the

•	nativity

Digitized by L,ooQLe

423

1721.]	Anno	6&;w*	GEOftGii	I. c. 20.

nativity of Saint John Baptift one ihoufand [even hundred and twenty, furnijh, fupply and pay to truftees to be chofen or cofituted, as is therein mentionedfo much ready money, in the lawful coins of this realm, as Jbould be fufficient to enable fuch truftees to exchange all fuch of the faid bills to be made forth by virtue of that afl, as Jhould be demanded at the publick office of the faid truftees, at any time or times within the faid term of feven years, by paying (in fuch ready money) upon every fuch demand, all the principal monies contained in every fuch bitty ana the intcreft which Jhould then be due thereupon, and fo totics quoties, as often as any fuch bill Jbould be demanded; and in cafe, during that or any future fcffm or feffions of parliament, any other ah or afls of parliament was or Jhould be made for making forth any further fum or fums in exchequer-bills, to be circulated by truftees at or neat the exchequer, and to he current at any time or timesy within dr during the fold term of Jeven years, or for any part of the fame term, at the exchequer, and in the publick revenues and taxes, upon credit of fuch fund or fecurity, or of fuch monies to be borrowed thereupon, as by authority of parliament Jhould be eftablijhed or appointed, to fupport the currency thereof, then the faid company were thereby enjoined and required by themfelves, or their court of directors for the time being {from time to time, during the faid term of feven years, or forfo much of that term as the exchequer-bills, to be made forth by fuch other or future all or alls of parliament, Jbould have a joint currency with the faid bills to be made forth by virtue of the all in part before recited, or be current together or at the fame time) to furnijh, fupph and pay to fuch truftees in 6 Geo. 1. c .4* lawful eqins of this realm, a proportional part of fuch ready money,

'as Jbould be fufficient to enable the fame truftees to exchange alt or any of the bills which Jhould be fo current, whether they were bills made forth by virtue of the all in part before recited, or any other all brails of that or any future feffion ofparliament, as often as any fuch bilh Jhall be demanded within f he faid term of feven years, by paying dll the principal monies contained in fuch bill, and the intereft which 6Geo.i, c.'io* Jhould upon every fuch demand be due thereupon, and fo toties quoties, as often as the tame Jhould be demanded; and that fuch proportional parts Jbould, from time to time, be afeertained and determined in the manner thereby preferibed (that is to fay) as the fum total of the principal monies contained in all the faid bills then uncancelled and undif-cbdrged, Jhould be to ten hundred thoufand pounds, Jo the whole fum, which at any time or times during the faid term Jhould be necejfary and called for to fupport the currency of all the faid bilh, Jhould be to the proportional part to be furnijhed by the faid company tGward ftipporting fuch currency: and it was thereby provided and enabled.

That if at any time or times thereafter, provifion Jhould be made by authority of parliament, of fo much money in the lawful coins of this kingdom, as Jhould be fufficient to pay off and iifeharge all the principal and intereft which Jhould be due on the faid exchequer-biUs, to he made forth by virtue of that aft as aforefaid, or any proportion thereof at a time; and if by like authority the fame coined monies Jbould pe actually brought and paid into the receipt of the exchequer for that purpofe, then the fame Jbould be applied for or towards the paying off

E c 4	and

Digitized by

Google

424	Anno	o£UvoGeo&gii L aao. £1721.

0 nd difcbarging the fame bills, or fuch proportion thereof, Jo far as fuch money would extend, £7 paying to the refpeftive bearer or bear-erf of the fame bill or bilk then Jlanding. out , the principal and interejl which Jhould be due thereupon, and placing fueh coined money* or any part thereof in lieu of any the faid exchequer-bills which Jhould be made forth by virtue of that aft, and jhould then he in the office or offices of any teller or tellers of the exchequer, to anjwcr fetch payments wberevnto the fame bills fo remaining in Jucd ojjiu or offices Jhould then be legally fubjeft or liable, and that fuch payments Jhould be anfwered under fuch penalties, forfeitures and dzfahiftiies as were preferibed by any former law or Jlatute concerning the money for which fuch bills did lie in the exchequer, to prevent the diverting or mifapplying the fame; and from and after fuch payments to the bearer or bearers, or fuch placing of money in lieu of bills in the faid office or offices of the faid teller or tellers, to anfwcr fuch payments as aforcfald, (and not fooner) the feveral and refpefttve bills them-felves, which jhould be fo paid off, or for which coined money Jhould be jo placed, Jhould be cancelled, and the faid company Jhould repay to the refpeBive tellers, fo much interejl as remained due on the fame bills refpeftively, at the time or times when they were lajl paid into the exchequer, before the cancelling thereof, as by the Jaid aft in part before recited, relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear : and whereas in and by another aft of parliament made and paffied in i Geo. i.c.io. the faid fixth year of your Majejlf s reign, intituled, Anfoy piaking forth new exchequer-bills, not exceeding one mSlion, at a certain intereft ; and for lending the fame to the South-Sea company at an higher intereft, upon fecurity of replying the fame, and fuch high intereft, into the exchequer, foe uies to which the fund for leflening the publick debts (.called die finking fund) is applicable and for circulating and exchanging up^ on demand the faid bills at or near the exchequer, the ammif-ftoners of your Majejly's treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, were authorized, at any time or times within one year, reckoning from the tenth,day of May one theufand feven hundred and twenty, and from thinee to the end of the then next fffson of parliament, to prepare and make, or cavfe ty be prepared or made, at the faid receipt of the exchequer, m Jiuh method and form as they Jhafl think mojl convenient, any number of iuw exchequer-bills, fo as the principal fums to be contained therein, Jhould not in the whole exceed one million of pounds (over and abovf 6 Gco? 1. c. 4. exchequer-bills which were to be current, purfuant to the aft fir# before recited) and that the faid new bills fo to be prepared and made, jhould bear an interejl not exceeding the rate of two pence per centum per diem, and to be payable to the bearers thereof rejpeftwefy , ncverthelefs fuch interejl is thereby cnafted to be abated and Javed upr on fueh of the faid bills, as jhould at any time or times be in'the receipt of the exchequer, or in the hands or power of any receiver or colicftor of any taxes, aids or revenues xvhatfoever, payable to your Majejly, your heirs or fuccejfors, during fuch time or times respectively, as fuch bills Jhould be or remain in the jaid receipt, or in fuch hands or poxver as aforefaid; and the commiffioners of the treafury, pr any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time be-

Digitizecfby

Google

72i.}	Georgii I. .c. 20;	4	3$

wwr thereby impwertd to tffue* or. caufe to he ijfuedy by way f loan or advance, all fuch bills as Jhould be prepared by virtue of bat ably not exceeding as aforefaidy to the faid South-Sea company, r to fome perfon or perfons in tijufl for them, the fame company ivingfecurity upon their then prefent and to be increafcd annuity or early fundy and upon their weekly or other payments to be made at the xchequery for or upon account of their faid annuity or yearly fund% or repayment of the principal Jums fo lent, with an interejl not ex- ' ceding the rate of five pounds per centum per anrtum, at fuch day r daySy time or timesy as Jhould be agreed upon by and between the aid commijfioners of the treafury, or any three or more of themy or be high treafurerfor the time being, on behalf of the publicky and be fend companyy or their court of directors on their behalf \ fo as no vch day or time Jhould be more remote than the firjl day of March ne thoufafid Jeven hundred and twenty one, or the end of the then ext fejfion of parliament 5 and the faid commijfioners of the treafury, nd the high treafurer for the time beingy were thereby directed and equired to take efpecial carey that upon repayment of the principal noney fo to be lenty the fomey with the interejl or increafe accruing hereupon, Jhould be received and appliedy in the fir (I place % to the 'dying off and difeharging the faid new exchequer-bills to be made orth in purfuance of that a ft; and that the furplus thereof (after pay-ng off and difeharging the fame new exchequer-bills) Jhould be placed t the faid receipt of the exchequer, to ana for the fame tifeSy intents nd purpoftSy to which the monies of }be furpluffeSy excejfes and over-lus monieSy commonly colled the finking fundy were applicable; and n default of paying the faid monies fo to be lenty with the faid inte-‘ejl or increafe thereof \ ijt the day qr daysy time or timesy to be If-nited purfuant to that ally then the faid commijfioners of the treafury,

•r any three or more of themy or the faid high. treafurer for the ime beingy were thereby authorized and required to caufe the money ro lenty to be fiopt out of the monieSy which weekly qr. otherwtje hall be payable ' to the faid South-Sea company at the. exchequer^ , cor or upon their then prefent ory to beincreafed annuity or year-y fundy together with fo much more as the interejl of the money ro unpaid Jhould amount unto at the faid ratCy not exceeding five bounds per centum per annum, and to caufe the principal ana 'nterefl fo Jlopty to be applied and placed in the exchequer qs a-fore faid \ and to the end the faid bills Jhould be made forth by virtue of the all lafi mentioned, might the better obtain a currency fot ro long time a; they were intended to be current, in purfuance of that ill; it was thereby enafledy That as well the fum of three hundred 'wenty eight fboujandfix hundred feventy three pounds fotlr Jbillings vid ten pence half-penny y then remaining in the exchequer, which was advanced by the faid company, purfuant to an all of the fifth year of f wur Mojefifs reign, and the monies which (from and after the ap- 5 Plication of the fum of five hundred and twenty thoufand poundsy for difeharging and cancelling exchequer-bills made forth by former alls in that behalf y or referving fufficient thereof in the exchequer for that purpofe) Jhould arife of or for thefaid furpluffeSy excejfes and overphf-feSy corhmonly called the finking fundy Jhotfld be a fund or fecurity for

Digitized by

Google



6 Geo. i f. xo.

Anno oftavo Geor6ii L C. eg/	£1711.

futnifinng fuch proportions of ready money, from time to time, ess me therein mentioned, for and towards exchanging and dmdxting the «r* c. 4. thequer-bills to be made forth by virtue of that and the find other of that fejjion of parliament, or either of themf as often as tie famd bills or any of them Jbotdd be demanded\ during their joint currency ; dnd it was thereby further enabled, That the tonamffmners of the tree-fury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafierer for the time being, jbould (fo long as the faid exchequer-bills to be made forth by-virtue of thdt ably Jbould have a joint currency with the fata UBSy li he made forth by virtue of the faidfirft recited ably or be current together or at the fame time) furmjby fupply and'pay, to the faid tnc-Jfees for the time being, out of the monieSy from time to time, being in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fund or fecturity before m that dbl fettled for that purpofey in the lawful coins of tins rtahuy am be-■ half of the publicity a proportional part of fuch ready money, as Jbdll be necejfary to enable the faid trujlees to exchange all or drey of the bills which Jbould be fo current (whether they be bills made forth bf virtue of that or the faid other abl of the fame fejjion tf parliament) as often as any fuch bill jbould be demanded, or tvitbsm twenty four hours aftery by paying au the principal monies contained m emery jack hilly and the interejly which Jhally upon every fuch demandy be due thereupon, andfo toties quoties, as often as the fame Jbeil be demand-ed; which proportional part fiy from, time to Unity to be funajbed €ii behalf of the publicly Jhall be fo much aSy together tvitb tie iidtia!party which, from time to timty Jhould or ought to be fitrmjbei by the faid company as aforefaidy Jhould be fuffiatnt to enable tire trujlees to fupport the currency of the faid bills frm time to time; and in the d£t lajl mentioned there is inferted a provifo, That f at auf time or times hereafter provifion Jhould be made by authority of parliament y of fo much money in the lawful coin of this king den, as Jboodd be Jufficient to pay off and difcharge all the principal <; mterefiy which Jhould be due upon the Jaid exchequer-bills to be made forth by virtue of that alt, or any proportion thereof at J time; and tf by Bit authority the fame monies Jhould be actually brought and paid into iba receipt of the exchequer for that purpofey then the fi&fi plied for or towards paying off the fame bills, or fuch pTeportfia t&ir&l efy fo far as fuch money Would extend, by paying to the refpe&tot learer or bearers of the fame bills then Jtanding cut, the principal and interejl Which Jhould be due thereupon, and by placing fiub coined mom. nejy or any part thereof \ in lieu of any of the fame exchequer-bi3s$ which Jhould then be in the office or offices of any teller or tellers of the exchequery to anfwtr fuch payments whereunto the fame bills jb re+ tnainmg in fuch office or offhes, Jhould then be legally fubjeS liable; which payments Jbould be anfwtred with the faid moneyjk tie, under fuch penaltiesy forfeitures and difabilttieSy as an ” ed by any former laws or Jlatutes concerning the money for f bills did lie in the exchequer, to prevent the diverting or n ^	_

the fame \ and from and after fuch payments to the bearer or bi&r(r$\ or fuch placing of money in lieu of bills in the faid office or offites eftbi faid teller or tellers, to anfwer fuch payments as aforefaidy and nob fooncr, the feverdl and"refpe Clive bills thcmfelvts, which JbaU he Jo

paid

Digits • by t^-ooQie

i*72i.] Anno o&Ar& Geor6W f. t. 20.-	427

paid off, *rfa which coined money /hall be fo placed, JhoUlA hi eM± tt/led; and it is thereby aljb provided and enafled, That if Before the Jirjl day 0/March one tboufand fcvtn hundred and twenty one, ot be* fore the end of the feffion of parliament then next enjuing, coined tno*

Hies /ball not be raijed and brought into the receipt of the exchequer, fufficient to pay off and iifcharge all the exchequer-bills which Jbotdi be ptaie forth by virtue of that aft, that then and in fueb cdfe, irhmedi^

Utely upon the end offuch feffutn of parliament next after the faid Jiffi day of March one tboufand[even hundred and twenty bite, dll ot any ef the monies then remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of the /aid fum of three hundred twenty eight tnoujand fix hundred Jeveitty three pounds four/hillings and ten pence halfpenny (if the fame, bt ptty part thereof, /ball tbeh remain there not ij/'ued to the putpofe's th tht lafi mentioned aft dire fled) and all the monies which, from add tafier the end of the faii fe/Jion of parliament next dfler the fitidjbfr day of March one tboufand J'cven hundred and twenty quarterly arife into the exchequer of or for all the fdtd JUrphifes, tx-tejffes and overpluses, denominated the finking fund\ as afore fata, dp af or fa fucb increafe thereof, as /ball be made by repaying the mohef which JhouU be lent to the faid company as aforefaid, with bitetejty and all of any the monies (if any /houtd be then remaining in the tt-ieipt of the exchequer) of the bans which, might have been made theft by virtue ef that afl, for anfwcring the faid proportioni for effete dating and exchanging the fatd bills, or fo much of the monies aforb± mentioned, as fbould be fufficient to difeharge or complial the difebatg* ing of all the exchequer-bills, which /hall have been maid forth By Virtue of that afl,/hall be applied fir and towards difeharging and cdnceU Ung the fame, u/ttil they /houtd all be paid off, aifcharged and ctinteU lea, or to much of the faid monies Jhould be referved in the exchequer, as jhould be fufficient for that purpofe, as by the afl lafi in part recHh id, relation being thereunto had, alfo may more fully appear: and whereas, purfuant to the afl lajl mentionedj the faii exdkqutt-Utis* amounting to one million, were on the feVenth day fjunt One thou> fend fivtn hundred and twenty, ifued by way of ban or advdHct to the faid South-Sea company upon a fecurity under thtit common frdl, by an in/lrument of writing 'hearing date the fourth day of Jurte ode ihoufani feven hundred and twenty, for repayment of the fame in good tihd lawful money of Great Britain, into the exchequer, at the eqd of one year, which Was to be reckoned from the time of iffidtlg the faii bill's, with inter cjl after the rate of four pounds per centum per in-htiih : and whereas among many matters and things contained in ate at her afl of parliament made andpa/fed in the feventb year of your Ma-Jeffs reign, intituled. An a<ft to enable the Soutb+Sea company td 7Geo.i.ftat,if ingraft part of their capital (lock and furid into the flock andc#* fund of the bank of England, and another part thereof into th6 flock and fund of the Eaft-India company; and for giving further time for payments to be made by the faid Soutb-Sca company fof the ufe of the publick, it was provided, enacted and declared, fhft thefaid South-Sea company, at their own co/ls and charges, on of •	before the feventh day of June which Jl:culd be in the year of our Lord

one tboufand feven hundred and twenty two? Jhould well and truly re-

pay.

Anna o&avo Georgii I. c. aoi	{17	a	(.'

mk/i /* be repaid, into the find receipt of the exchequer, the /aid fum of one million, together with the interejf then due fur the fame, ana that upon fuch repayment the monies fo repaid, with the intcrtjl or increafe accruing thereupon, Jbculd be applied is the firjl place, to the paying off end difeharging the fetid exchequer-bills, a-mounting to one million, with fuch interefi as Jbould be due thereupon 1 and in default of repaying the Jaid fum of one million, with tnUre/l and increafe thereof, according to the loft mentioned ah, then the ennui ty and annuities, which Jbouli be then payable at the receipt of chequer to the South-Sea company, Jbould and might be JUpt by tht commffioners of tht treafury, or any three or more of them, or by the high treafurer for the time being, or by the officers of the exchequer for tht time being, and the faid exchequer-bills, amounting to one million, Jbould and might be called in and cancelled, by and with the monies fb Jlopt in the manner preferibed by the faid former aB in that behalf5 and in the all lajl in part recited there is contained a provifo, That iff at any time or times thereafter, provifion /hall be made by authority of parliament, of the lawful coins of this realm placed in the exchequer, for paying offand difeharging the faid exchequer-bills for the faid fum of one million, the bills themfelves that Jbould be fo paid off, or for which fuch coined money Jbould be referyed in the exchequer as is preferred in that all, Jbould be difcharged therewith, and cancelled, as if thereby direBed; and if before the faid firjl day of March one thou-fand feven hundred and twenty one, or before the end of the Jeffion off parliament then next enfuing, coined money Jball not be roofed and brought into the exchequer for difeharging the bills lajl mentioned, then all or any of the monies which Jbould then remain in the exchequer, off the faid Jum of three hundred twenty eight tboufand fix hundred fry yenty three pounds four Jbillings aud ten pence haff-ptnny (if any fuch be) and all the monies which from and after fuch ftfjwt of parliament Jbould quarterly arife of or for the Jaidjurphjjes asea overplus monies, called the finking fund or otherwije, as is mentioned in the all la ft in part recited, Jbould be applied for or towards dtfebarg-ing the faid exchequer-bills, amounting to one million, till they Jbeil bq all compleatly paid off and cancelled in the manner and form in the fame aB preferibed and intended, as by the fame aB, relation being thereunto likewife had, may more fully appear: now we your Majefty^s mod dutiful and loyal fubjelts, the commons of Great Britain iq

Earliament aflembled, being defirous that the faid exchequer* ills, amounting to one million, which were created to be keg to the faid company, and were lent accordingly, may food bife paid off and cancelled, and being willing to give raft to the&a} company, in refpedl to their prefect obligation for circulating or contributing towards tjie circulation of exchequer-bills, and nir-ther time fof repayment of the principal Turn of ope atfiiori, which was lent to tbe faid company as afpref^id, they paying fuch intereft for the fame as is herein after mentioned\ ind^hai a number of new exchequer-bills, not exceeding one million, may be made forth and iffued towards the fupply granted to your Majefty in this fefiion of parliament, and that the million to bp repaid by the faid company op orbeforp the tfrqe herein after J?-

P)itc4

Digitized by t^ooQle

429

iyzi.] Anno oftavo Georgii I. c. 20.

xnited for the repayment thereof, may be applied to cancel and difcharge the faid new exchequer-bills to be made forth by virtue Of this ad, and that all the exchequer-bills made forth or to be made forth, which, are to continue, may be circulated at eafy and moderate rates, do therefore moft humbly pray your Ma-jefty, that it may be enaded; and be it ena&ed by tne King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of Money re. the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent Chequer on parliament afiembled, and by authority of the fame, That fo*5 March much money as at the feaft of the annunciation of the blefled 17not Virgin Mary one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, (hall	the

be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, as well of or for the laid fum of three hundred twenty eight thoufand fix hundred quer-biiu feventy three pounds four (hillings and ten pence half-penny as lent, Sec. ap-of or for the faid furplufies, excefles and overplus monies com- pHed towards monly called the finking fund, or fo much thereof as will not ex-ceed the fum fufficient to pay off and difcharge the faid exchequer-1 bills, amounting to one million, which were created to be lent, and were lent to the South-Sea company as aforefaid, (hall be applied for or towards difeharging and cancelling the fame; and if at the faid feaft of the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, the money by this if not fuffi-&& fo appointed to difcharge the faid exchequer-bills which were cient, then fo created to be lent as aforefaid, (hall not be fufficient for that pur- rouch pofe, then.fo much of the money afterwards to arife into the ex* rifeto^e apl chequer, of or for the faid furplufies, excefles and overpluses, piied to can * called the finking fund, as together with the faid monies which celling them, (halt have been applied, purfuant to this a<5t, towards difeharging the fame bills (hall be fufficient to difcharge and cancel the fame, (hall and may be applied to compleat and fini(h the paying off, difeharging and cancelling the fame exchequer-bills; any former or other law or ftatute to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

1 XI. And it is hereby enabled, That fo much of the faid mo- Money appH-pey, which according to this a ft ought to be applied to dif- cable to dif-charge fuch of the faid bills fo to be paid off, as (nail be in the charge bills office or offices of any teller or tellers of the exchequer as cafh* f°

4hall, by order of the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three J”|fere or more of them, or of the high treafurer for the time being, be be placed up-placed in the exchequer inftead of fuch bills, upon the rcfpec- on his active account or accounts of fuch teller or tellers ; and that the count* faid commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, as foon as conveniently may be, (hall, by publick notice in writing to be affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, and publifhed in the London Gazette, prefix a certain day, by or before which all fuch of the faid bills, which were lent to the faid company as a* forefaid, (not being in the exchequer) (hall be brought in and delivered to fuch perfon or peffons as the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or them, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall appoint to receive the fam* at or qear the fa»d

ex-

Digitized by L^ooQle

439	Ajmo	oftevo	Gsor&ii	1. c.20.	(1721*

tp be paid off, d&hmed and cancelled accordingly 5 and that all fuch pf the faid bills for the Cud fiiaa of one miUion, which was lent as aforafajd, as (hall not be brought in upon fuch notice to be paid off, difcharged and cancelled as aforefiud, within the time or times therein to be fignifkd, (haH lofe their currency, and «9 fotcreft (hall grow due thereupon, after the /aid feaft pf thy annunciation of the hleffed Virgin Mary one tboa* fend Wen hundred and twenty two.

Upoa proof	always, That in cafe proof ftw11 be made upon

^c. that fuck Wh of one pr more credible witnefles, before the l6rd rbitf ba* bills were toft, rop, and other the barons of the coif of bis M^efty’s court of ordeftroyed, exchequer, or any of them, Thtt any of the bib tar the fad iWCtreanJjv f\m pf onp million, which was Lent to the laid company as a-to ciufe tbt Wefaid, wm* by cafuaky or mHchance, loft, burnt or otherwife money due, to deftroyed, before the fifth day of February one thoufand (even be paid, $rc. hundred and twenty one, and if by the party’s oath the mm* bers and Aims of fuch bill or bills fhall be aicertained, and if fhereupon the (aid thief baron, and other the laid barons, jtf any of them, before whom fuch proof was made, (hall certify that he or they are (atisfied in fuch proof, that then and in eve* ry fuch cafe, the (aid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, am hereby authorized to caufe the money due upon fuch lull or bills fo loft, burnt or deftroyed, to be latisfied as aforefaid, as if the original bill or bills were brought in to be cancelled, provided Perfons re- the perfon or perfons fo receiving the money, do give fecurity ceivmg the to ^e King, to the good liking of the perlon or perfons who Ikall ^ ^PP°>nted as aforefaid, to take in the faid bills, to pay -	*	*	into the exchequer for the ufe of the publick, fo much money

as (hall be paid upon fuch certificate or certificates, if the bill or bills <o certified to be loft, burnt or deftroyed, be hereafter produced.

Intereftat 4.]. IV. And it is hereby ena6ted, That the faid Seuth-Sia com* per cent, of pany, at *heir oWn cofts and charges, (hall pay off, difehargt one million and fatisfy, or furnifti money into the exchequer, to pay o§i toee^Ve*10 ^ifeharge and fatisfy all the intereft monies, after the rate of/our ouer^ C* pounds p§r witum ptr attnum^ which at the ford feaft of the annunciation of the blcffed Virgin Mary one thoufimd feveti hun* dred and twenty two (hall be due for the principal fum of one million, which was lent to them as aforefaid, and (hall aUb aft and a propor- their own .cofts and charges pay into the receipt of the exche-tional part for quer fo much money as, by or in purfuance of the (aid a£b of circulating the fIXth and feventh years of his Majefty’s reign, they are or bSs^cT &all be obliged to pay or bear for their proportional pavt'of in-1	-tereft, or for any other payments or charges of or forcermlat-

ing and exchanging exchequer-bills, during the joint currency thereof, which proportional part to be bom by the (aid Stotb-Sat company, (hall be deemed and taken to be ten nineteenth parts of the whole, and the fame proportional part (hall be adjufted and paid as aforefaid, at the Caid feaft of the annunciation of tbe hlefied Virgin Mary one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two,

Digitized by

Google

1721.] Anno o$ayo Geojigii I. c. 29.	431

for fo much as (hall be due thereupon, and afterward?, (road time to time, during the faid joint currency; any former law or ftatute to the contrary potwithllanding.

V.	And be it further enabled by. the authority afprefaid, Tb¥ After paying after the paying off all the faid exchequer-bills which were erg* off andean* ated to be lent to the faid company as aforefaid, and ffifpbarg-

ing and cancelling the (ame out of the furplu? and other rno*u*» th^company^ before mentioned, or referving, fufocient thereof tp clear fo much difchargwi as (hall remain unsatisfied at the time prefixed by fuch notice as from rirculat-aforefaid, and after the million of cxchequerrbills, intended to fuch be created by this a£l, (h^ll be created, and a contra# or con-trails (hall be made for circulating and exchanging the Tame million ofexchequefTbills, and the remaining exchequer-bills that (hall be then current then from and after fuch time or tin**? the faid South-Sea company, and their fopceflbrs, (frail pr may, by any inftrument pr in(lruments in wrfripg, to be figned by the commiffianers of the treafury, or any three or morn of them, or by the high treafurer for the time being, and rggiftred in the office of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer for the time being, be for ever acquitted and discharged of, from and again# the obligation of circulating or exchanging, or contributing to* wards the circulating or exchanging of any exchequ£r*bit^pur«» fuant to the faid ads of the fixth and feventh years of his Mar jelly’s reigq, or any of tfrem 5 the fame or either pf them, pr any thing therein contained to the contrary notwHhftanding-

VI.	And as to the principal fum of one million, which was harrow- Further time id by the faid South- Sea company as aforefyid, and for repaymentwhere* allowed for if they were allowed time fo as the fame Jhould be diftkarged on or be-

fore the feventh day of June one thoufand feven hundred and twenty

two as aforefaid \ it is hereby provided, declared and enaded by

the authority aforefaid. That in cafe that fum be not repaid into

the exchequer, on or before the feventh day of June one thou*

land feven hundred and twenty two, the (aid company (hall be

flowed further time for repaying into the exchequer the fum of

one million, on or before the feventh day of June which (hall be ia t

the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three,

they paying an intereft for the fame, after the rate of five pounds w\n« intc.

per centum per annum, by equal quarterlypayments, from the tereit at 51.

faid feaff of the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary one per cent, af-

thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, until their paying offtcr l5 March

the principal.	17229

VII.	And it is hereby provided, ejnadcd and declared by the The million authority aforefaid. That in cafe the faid fum amounting to one not repaid on million, (hall not be actually repaid as aforefaid, into the ex* 7f712'.. chequer, on or before the faid feventh day of June one thoufand 0n7junerpT« feven hundred and twenty two, according to the faid former aft,

then the (aid South-Sea company, and their fucceflbrs, at their

own cods and charges, on or before the faid feventh day of June	'

one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, (ball well and

Indy repay, or capfe to be repaid, into the exchequer the faid

2	fum

Digitized by uooQle

Anno o£tavo Georgii t. c. to.

t‘721

lute reft, foe. to be paid quarterly till

fam of One million, for the purpofes in this ad exprefled concerning the faid principal fam of one mtflion.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefauf. That the faid South-Sea company, or their facceffors, (hall -well and truly pay, or caufc to be paid into the receipt of exchequer;

rePa7™^1 °* fo much as the intereft of the (aid million lent to them OaB a-mount unto, from the faid feaft of the annunciation of the bkff-ed Virgin Mary one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, after the rate of five pounds per -centum per (tnmmt, until tire actual repayment of the principal, the faid intereft after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be paid quarterly at thef four mod ulual feafts in the year, by equal portions, for fuch ufes and purpofes as are herein after appointed touching or con-In default of CCI™n6 faf^e intereft; and in default of fuch repayment of repayment of the principal fum of on* million, or in the payment of fuch in-principal and tereft for the fame as aforefaid, according to this ad, then thef intereft, an- annuity or annuities belonging to the Soutb-Sea company, and ablest ex-" payable at the receipt of the exchequer, (hall and may be ftop-chequer, to be ped by the commimoners of the treafury, or any three or more ft opt.	of them, or by the high treafurer for the time being, or by the

officers of the exchequer for the time being, and the money fo flopped (hall and may be applied in fuch manner, as hereafter in and by this ad is direded in that behalf.

In one year IX. And to the end a certain fum of money, not exceeding after 15 March one million of pounds Jlerling,, may effedually be railed towards *y»*. new ex- anfwering the (upply granted to his Majefty in this feffion of par-chequer-bills liament; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, and they refpedively are hereby authorized and impowered, at any time or times within one year, to be reckoned from the faid feaft of the annunciation of the blefted Virgin Mary one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, by fuch proportions at a time, as they refpedively fhalffind to be moft for the advantage of the publick; to prepare and make, of caufe to be prepared and made, at the faid receipt of the exchequer, in fuch method and form as they (hall think moft convenient, any number of new exchequer-bilk, fo as all the principal fums to be contained in the bills fo to be made by virtue of this ad, do not in the whole exceed one million of pounds (ovef and above the exchequer-bills made forth by foirner ads, which (hall remain undifeharged;) and that the faid new bills fo to be prepared and made in purfuance of this ad, (hall bear an intereft hot exceeding the rate of two pence per centum per item, and proportionably for any greater or leffer fum to be contained therein, and to be payable to the bearers thereof refpedively; never-thelefs the faid intereft dial! be abated arrd faved upon futh of thfc faid bills to be made forth by this ad, as (hall at any rime or 525 bc^b^ted, times be in the receipt of the exchequer, or in the hands or power of any receivers or coljedors of any taxes, ads or revenues

for one mil Hon, foe. may be made out.

Intereft at i d. ‘ per centum per diem.

Upon what bills intereft

Digitized by

1721.] Anno o&avo Gborgii I, c.20.	433

nues whatfoever payable to his Majcfty, his heirs or fucceflors, during fuch time and times refpcdiively, as fuch bills (hall be or remain in the faid receipt, or in fuch nands or power as aforefaid ; and the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three Treafury to or more of them, and the faid high treafurer for the time being* caufe new are hereby refpedtively authorized and impowered to caufe fuch £ills|&c\to new bills as (hall be prepared by virtue of this adt, to be placed f^the* as fo much cafli in the refpediive offices of the tellers at the faid office, of the receipt of exchequer, each and every of which tellers (hall be fe- teller. See. verally charged with the proportions of the faid bills which (hall be fo placed in his office refpedtively.

X.	And to the end the faid bills, which (hall be made forth Sinking fund by virtue of this adt, and the bills made forth by the faid former £ity for fur-" alts, which lliall from time to time remain undifeharged, may nilhing mo-the better obtain a currency for fuch refpedtive time or times, as nies for ex-they are intended to be current according to this adt; be it fur- changing and ther enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the monies, which j^Jgu

fhall from time to time arife of or for the faid furpluffes, excefles * and overpluses, commonly called the fmking fund, (hall be and are hereby declared and enadted to be a fundor fecurity (over and above the intereft monies, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be anfwered by the South-Sea company, as is herein after mentioned) for furnithing fuch monies as (hall be neceflary to be furnilhed at fuch certain rates, as are herein after exprefted, or otherwife, for or towards exchanging and circulating the fame, or any of them, according to the purport and true meaning of this adt j any former law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Bills made as well all and every the faid exchequer-bills to be made forth forth, and re-by virtue of this adt, until the difeharging and cancelling the ^har^cT to fame, purfuant to the prpvifo herein after contained in that be- bg tafcemby ° half, as alfo all and every of the exchequer-bills made forth by receivers, &c. virtue of any former adt or adts of parliament, and remaining a* current, till from time to time undifeharged, until the difeharging or cancel- difeharged. ling the fatne, (hall and may jointly or feverally be received and

taken by, and (hall pafs and be current to all and every the receivers and colledtors in Great Britain, of the cuftoras, excife, or any revenue, fupply, aid or tax whatfoever already granted, due or payable, or which (hall or may be hereafter granted, due or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceilors, and alfo at the receipt of the exchequer, from the faid receivers or collectors, or from any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, making any payments or loans there to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceilors, for or upon any account, caufe or occafion whatfoever, according to the purport and true meaning of this adt * and that fuch of the fame bills, as (hall be received at the exchequer, fhall and may be locked up and fecur- And fecured ed as cafh, according to the courfe of the exchequer, fettled and ** in lh* eftablilhed by law, for locking up and fecuring money in fpecie cxc“e4ucr-received there; and that all and every the receivers and collec- Receivers to Voi\ XIV.	Ff	tors	Pa>'monies (lf

Digitized by

Google

434

required) for fuch bilb.

Anno o£tavo Georgii L c.za



On refufal plaintiff may recover, with full cofts of

fuit.

tors in Great Britain* of the cuftoms, excite* or any rera&ue, aid* tax or fupply whatfoever already granted* due or payable* or which (hall or may hereafter be granted* due or payable tp his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors* (hall* and they are horebr directed and required* out of any current coined money as (hatf then be in bis or theif hands* of fuch revenue, aid* tax or /apply, to pay fuch of the fame bills as (hall be brought m them refpedively, by any perfon or perfons defiring to have money for the fame ; and in cafe any fuch receiver or collector (hall irfafir or negled to exchange fuch bill or bills for ready money* by the fpace of twenty four hours* then the perfon or perfons demanding the fame* (lull or may bring an adion of debt, or on the cafe* for the principal and intereft-monies due upon fuch bill or bills, againft fuch receiver or collector* having money in his hands as aforefaid, in which adion the plaintiff (haft or may declare that foch receiver or colledor is indebted to foch plaintiff in the money demanded upOn every fuch bill* according to the form of the ftatute, and hath not paid the feme, which ftudl be fufficient; and the plaintiff in every fuch adion (hall recover a-gainft the receiver or collector, not only the monies io refuted or negleded to be paid, but alfo his foil cofts of fait^ and fuch receiver or collector (hall be fubjed and liable thereunto* 2nd in fuch adion no effoin* protedion, privilege or wager of law tfiaB be allowed* or more than one imparlance ; and upon payment of the monies fo to be recovered* the plaintiff* his executors or afligns, (hall deliver up fuch bills to the defendant* his executors or afligns.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That as any of the fa»d bitto (hall* at any time or times hereafter, within the refpe&ive rimes during which they (hall be jointly or feverally current* porfu-ant to this or any former ad, be paid or lent into the exchequer, tallies t° qUer by any 0f hjs Majefty’s receivers* or other perfon or per-

e e ivere , fons^ bodies politick or corporate, making any payments or loans at that receipt, the officers there (hall caufe tallies to be levied and delivered to the payers or lenders, as amply and effectually to all intents and purpofes, as if they had made Aids pay* ments or loans in fpecie.

XIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid* That tho intereft which (hall from time to time be due upon any of the bills fo to be current, as aforefaid* (hall be allowed to all perfons, bodies politick or corporate* paying the fame to any receiver or colledor receivers or colledors of any his Majefty’s revenues* aids, taxes or fupplies* or by way of exchange as aforefaid, or paying or lending the fame into the exchequer as aforefaid, to the refpedive days whereupon fuch bill or bills foall be fo paid, exchanged or lent; provided always. That no intereft (hall run or be paid upon or for any fuch bill or. bills, during the time that any fuch bill or bills fo paid* exchanged or lent* (hall remain in the hands of any the faid receivers or colledors* or in the hands of any teller or tellers of the exchequer* but (or fuch time the Intereft on every fuch bill (hall ceafe*

XIV. Ani

Upon payment or loan of bills into the exche-

&e.

Intereft to be allowed, till payment, &c.

When to ceaie.

Digitized by

Google

1721.} Anno oCtavo Georgii I. c.20.	435

XIV.	And to the end it may he known for what time fuch bills Lenders, &c. haring intereft, /ballfrom time to time remain in the hands of fuch t?c;ubfcnbe receivers or collectors, or in the exchequer aforefaid; be it furtheran^writfon enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the perfon or perfonsthe bills the who (hall pay any fuch bill or bills bearing intereft, to any re- time of loan ceiver or collector of any of his Majefty’s revenues, aids, taxes or payment, or fupplies, by way qf exchange, or otherwife, or (hall pay or

lend fuch bill or bills fo bearing intereft, into the exchequer as aforefaid, (hall at the time of making fuch payment, exchange or foan, on each bill bearing intereft, and fo paid, exchanged or lent, put his or their name or names, and write thereupon in words at length, the day of the month and year, in which he, (he or they fo paid, lent or exchanged fuch bill or bills bearing intereft, all which the faid receivers and collectors refpective-ly, and alfo the refpeCtive tellers in the exchequer, (hall take care to fee done and performed accordingly, to which refpeCtive days the faid receivers and collectors (hall be allowed again the pecejvers &c intereft which he, (he or they (hall have allowed or paid upon to be allowed* fuch refpeCtive bill or bills, upon his or their paying the fame intereft by • into the receipt df exchequer as aforefaid.	them paid, See

XV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted by the authori- Bills ^ ty aforefaid, That the faid bills, or any of them", may be re- re-iflued, &c. iflued and paid again out of his Majefty’s exchequer, and when

the fame (hall be re-iflued or paid again out of his Majefty’s exchequer, the refpeCtive teller there, from whofe office fuch bitl Tellers^to in-or bills bearing intereft (hall be fo re-iflued, or again paid out, ^when re-** lhall indorfe on the fame bill and bills fo rfc-ifluea, in words at ifToed, and on length, the day of the month and year, in which the fame were what account .fo re-iflued or repaid out of the exchequer, and alfo on what ac- received, count the fame were laft received into the receipt of the exche-quer, and flgn the fame, from which time the intereft of fucli 0 rcaV * bill or bills fo re-iflued or paid again, (hall revive, and fuch bill or bills (hall again run and pafs at intereft, as the fame did before they were paid unto, or received by the faid receivers or collectors, or before the fame were paid or lent into the exchequer as aforefaid.

XVI.	And it is hereby enaCted, That the fame bills to be re- Bills re-iflued

iflued from time to time, or at any time, at the exchequer as a- at exchequer, fbrefaid, (hall be fo re-iflued for the principal money to be con-	<0	re-

tained therein, and for fo much intereft as was due thereon, L^cip^i am| and allowed by the teller at the refpeCtive time and times when intereit due, fuch bill and bills were laft paid into the exchequer.	See.

XVII.	And be it enaCted, That every receiver general of any Recejvers to the revenues, aids, taxes or fupplies, belonging or to belong to keep a fair his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, (hall keep a fair book or book of *c-books of accounts jn writing of all the monies by him received, c01™*** °f . in which he or his deputy or deputies (hall truly enter all the ^on^retcir*

• Aims which (hall have been received by him or them for every * fuch revenue, aid, tax or fupply, together with the names of the feveral collectors from whom the fame, or any part thereof was received, the days when, and the Aims paid, how much

F f 2	thereof*

436	Anno	oftavo Grorgh L c.2d.	[17*	r.

thereof in money, and how much thereof in fuch exchequer-bills, and what exchequer-bills (hall have been exchanged by every fuch receiver general, purfuant to this aSt, to which accounts every perfon concerned (hall have free accefs at all fea-fonable times, without fee or chaise; and the faid accounts

__________ (hall conftantiy lie open at one certain place, within the Jimits

account*"with- of his receipt for that purpofe; and if fuch receiver (haB aeg-out fee. Sec. led to keep fuch book or books, or to enter therein any fan or Penalty on re- fains Qf money by him received and paid as aforefaid, by the ' (pace of three days after the receipt or payment of the fame, at (hall refufe any perfon or perfons concerned to infped fiich book or books without fee or reward as aforefaid, every inch receiver, for every fuch offence, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the (ame, to be recovered by a&ion of debt, or upon the cafe, lull, fait or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weft-minjler, wherein no efloin, protedion, privilege or wager of law (hall be allowed, or more than one imparlance.

New bill* to XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the au-be made forth thority aforefaid, That in cafe any of the exchequer-bills, which

in lieu of bill* (hall be current as aforefaid, (hall be filled up by writing or en-fillcd up or -	-	*................r	- J	B	-

Perfon* concerned, to have free accefs to fuch

cciver ing or ling, See,

tilled up defaced, and to have like currency, See

dorfements made thereon as aforefaid, or (hall by any accident be defaced, it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high trea-furer for the time being, and he or they are hereby authorized and impowered, by their or his diferetion, from time to time, to caufe new bills to be made forth at the receipt of exchequer, in lieu of fuch bills which (hall be fo filled up or defaced, which bills fo filled up or defaced, (hall be cancelled at the receipt of exchequer, and kept there on a file pr files for that purpofe; and fuch bills fo to be made forth in lieu thereof, (hall have a like currency, and (hall in all refpeds be fubjeft to the fame rules, methods and continuance, as the bills fo filled up were intended to have been by this or any other ad, and (hall bear the fame numbers, dates, and principal fums, and carry the like intereft, as were born and carried by the bills fo cancelled rcfpe£tively. Treafury may XIX. And it is hereby enaded. That for the greater eafe caufe exche- an(j difpatch of publick bufinefs at the exchequer, it (hall and quer-bills, for may jawfuj to an(j for tfoe commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, and he or they are hereby authorized and enabled in cafe he or they (hall fo think fit, to caufe exchequer bills, for any large fums not exceeding five thoufand pounds each, to be made fo/biils onefo forth at the receipt of exchequer, and to be placed as cafli value in the in the faid receipt, in lieu of the like value of the principal con-exchequer, tained in the faid exchequer-bills made forth for idler fums. Such new bills	at	t*me	°f making fuch large bills (hall happen to be

to have like m	receipt,	which	(hall be at the fame time cancelled and *

currency,&c. difeharged, and be kept there on a file for that purpofe; and ab originally fiich new bills for fuch large fums (hall or may be iffiied at the faid receipt, and have the fame currency, and be in all re-

fpeds

any fum not exceeding 50001. each, to be made forth in lieu of principal

iflued.

Digitized by (^.ooQle

437

i7**0 Anno odavo Georgii I. c.20.

fpe&s fubjed to the fame rules, methods, continuance, and carry the like intereft, and have the fame fecurity, benefits and advantages, and the fame pains of death, and other pains, penalties and forfeitures, for any crime or offence relating thereunto, fhall be inflided, incurred, and put in execution, as if they had been originally iffued by virtue of this or any other ad for the faid leffer bills j any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XX.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, Forging fiurh That if any perfon or perfons (hall forge or counterfeit any ex- .bllls, &c-chequer-bill, made forth by virtue of this or any other ad oflony' parliament, before the fame (hall be paid off and cancelled, or any exchequer-bill to be renewed, or made forth in purfuance of this ad, or any indorfement or writing thereupon or therein, or tender in payment any fuch forged or counterfeit bill, or any exchequer-bill, with fuch counterfeit endorfement or writing thereon, or (hall demand to have fuch counterfeit bill or any fuch exchequer-bill, with fuch counterfeit endorfement or writing thereupon or therein, exchanged for ready money by any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, who (hall be obliged or required to exchange the fame, or by any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, knowing the bill fo tendered in payment or demanded to be exchanged, or the endorfement or writing thereupon or therein, to be forged or counterfeit, and with intent to defraud his Majeftv, his heirs or fucceffors, or the perfons to be appointed to circulate or exchange the fame or any of them, or any other perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, then every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, being thereof lawfully convided, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

XXI.	And it is hereby further enaded,Thatthe undertakers for Undertaker* circulating the faid bills or fuch of them as (hall be current, (hall, for circulating, from time to time, have the ufe and cuftody of one part of all bill* to have the cheques, indents or counterfoils, of all the exchequer-bills cuftody °*

to be circulated or exchanged by them, from which the faidcbc<luc3, C# bills are or (hall be cut, in order to prevent their being impof-ed upon by counterfeit or forged bills, and that fuch parts of the faid cheques, indents or counterfoils (hall be delivered back to be deliver-into the exchequer by fuch undertakers, when the fame bills arc CXu-n to be cancelled and difeharged.	bill?are	to	be

XXII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That as cancelled,

pften as any intereft upon the exchequer-bills, made forth or to Intcrc^ Upon be made forth by virtue of this or any former ad or ads of par- remam-liament, and remaining undifehargea, (hall be demanded to beingundif-paid by any undertakers for circulating or exchanging the fame, charged not for the time being, they (hall not be obliged to pay for fuch in-	one'

tereft any leffer fum than one penny upon fuch bill, in cafe a penny, &c. Angle bill be produced for payment; or for the total of the intereft of fuch bills, where two or fnore (hall be offered at one

time by the fame perfon $ any thing herein contained to the contrary nptwithftancjing.

F f 3	XXIII.	And

Digitized by Google

Principal of one million lent to South-Sea company, to be a fund for difeharg

Anno odavo Georg a 1. c.20.

[17H,

XXIII. And to the end all the exchequer-bills? not exceeding erne million, by this aft authorized to be made forth, for cr towards bis Majefiy's fupply as aforefaid, may effeftually be paid off? difeharged and cancellea, on or before the faid Jeventb day of June one tboujami feven hundred and twenty th ee; it is hereby further provided and

ing fums con- eDa$ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid principal Atit

tamed in bills,	 J,	c^

See.

Intereft due

upon bills to be fupplied

r of one million owing by the faid South-Sea company for fo i lent to them as aforefaid, is and (hall be a fund and fectHityfot paying off, difeharging and cancelling the principal fums, not exceeding one million, which (hall be contained in the-bills to be made forth by virtue of this alt; and that fo much as ftatt then be due or unpaid for intereft upon thefaid bills to be made forth by virtue of this all (if any fach intereft (hall be then doe

out ot Unking or unpaid) (hall be fupplied and made good out of the monies

fund.	then arifen or to arife, of or for the faid fund, called the I

After repay- funcj. anj that the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three Smith-Sea	°* more t^em^ or the high treafurer for the time being, a&

bills to be*	foon as conveniently may be, after the repayment of the £ud

cancelled. Aim of one million by the faid South-Sea company into the exchequer, (hall, out of that money, and out of the monies of the faid finking fund as aforefaid, caufe all the bills which (hall have been made forth by virtue of this alt, for the laid fum not exceeding one million, and the intereft remaining doe thereupon (if any fuch intereft (hall be then due and unpaid) to be paid off, difeharged and cancelled accordingly; atod for that end and purpofe (hall, by publick notice in writing, to be athwl upon the Royal Exchange in London, and pubUfhed in the Lotdm Gazette, prefix a certain day, by or before which all the find bills, not exceeding one million, which (hall have been made forth by virtue of this all, and be then ftanding out, fhall he brought in and delivered to fuch perfon or perfons as the com* miflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall appoint to receive the fame at or near the exchequer, to be paid off, difeharged and cancelled accordingly ; and if any of the laid bills which AaM have been made forth purfuant to this a&, for the faid Aims not exceeding one million, (hall then be in the office or offices of any teller or tellers of the exchequer as ca(h, the faid cominif-fioners of the treafuiy, or the high treafurer for the time being, lhall caufe fo much of the money fo repaid, to be placed in the exchequer inftead of fuch bills, upon the account or accounts of fuch teller or tellers refpeltively ; and that all fuch of the Aid brought in by bills, not exceeding one million, to be made forth by this aH,

Puhlick notice in the Gazette, &c. to be given when bills ftanding out, (hall be delivered to be cancelled.

Bills not

time prefixt, &c. to lo!e their currency, &c.

as (hall not be brought in upon fuch notice as is laft mentioned, to be paid off, difeharged and cancelled as aforefaid, within the time or times therein to be prefixed, (hall lofe their currency, and no intereft (hall grow due thereupon* after the time prefixed by fuch notice.

XXIV. Provided always. That in cafe proof fhall be made upon oath of one or more credible witnefTes, before the lord chief baron> and other the barons of the coif of his Majefiy*

court

Digitized by CjOOQle

i 721.] Anno ottavo Georgii I. c.20.

439

zonrt of exchequer, or any of them, that any of the bills which fhiall have been made forth for the laid fum, not exceeding one 0n affidavit, million, by this a6t, were, by cafualty or mifchance, loft, burnt	loft	*

or otherwife deftroyed, before the time of fuch notice given for or deftroyed, calling in the fame, and if by the party’s oath the numbers and &c. before no-Turns of fuch bill or bills lhall be afcertained, and if thereupon tice for calling tHe faid chief baron and other the faid barons, or any of them, before whom fuch oaths were made, lhall certify, that he or to^atTsty11^ they are fatisfied in fuch proof, then, and in every fuch cafe, them out of the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, the money re-or the high treafurer for the time being, are hereby authorized paidt to caufe the money due upon fuch bill or bills fo loft, burnt or deftroyed, to be fatisfied out of the money which (hall be repaid as aforefaid, as if the original bill or bills were brought in to be cancelled : provided the perfon or perfons fo receiving the money, do give fecurity to the King, to the good liking of the per- Security to be Ton or perfons who (hall be appointed as aforefaid, to take in the given tor faid bills, to pay into the exchequer, for the ufe of the publick, money paid fo much money as (hall be paid upon fuch certificate or certifi- ^.certl cate* cates, if the bill or bills fo certified to be loft, burnt or deftroy-cd, be hereafter produced.

XXV. And to the end a fufficient provifion may be made for circulating and exchanging for ready money from time to time, the faid exchequer-bills not exceeding one million, to be made forth by virtue of this aft) during the time they are to be current, and for circulating and exchanging in like manner fo many of the faid exchequer-bills, made forth by virtue of the faid two afts of the fixtb and feventb years of his Majefly s reign, as will remain after cancelling one million thereof out of the faid furphiffes and other monies purfuant to this ably which remaining bills willy by eJlimationy amount in principal jmoney to the further fum of nine hundred and nineteen thoufand nine-hundred and twelve pounds ten Jhillings or thereabouts^ fo long as they are to be current 5 be it further enabled by the authority afore-feid. That the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or Treafury may more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, on his contra# with Majefty’s behalf, (hall and may, from time to time, enter into undertakers, any confcra£t or contracts for obliging any perfon or perfons, bo- iatine biMlsCfor dy or bodies politick or corporate, who will voluntarily under- ready money, take this fervice at his or their own cofts and charges, to circulate and exchange, or caufe to be circulated and exchanged, at fome publick office in London or JVejlminjler for ready money, from time to time, all fuch of the faid bills for feveral fums not exceeding one million and nine hundred and nineteen thoufand nine hundred and twelve pounds ten (hillings, as (hall be demanded at the faid publick office, during the time or refpedive times of fuch contract or contracts, by paying in ready money. Undertakers at their own cofts and charges, upon every fuch demand, or w ith- to pay princi-in twenty four hours after, all the principal monies contained P*1 ancvn* in every fuch bill fo demanded, and the intereft which (hall then on^emand* be due thereupon, and fo toties quoties as often as any fuch bill ffiall bp demanded, the faid undertakers, from time to time, up-F f 4	on

Digitized by (^.ooQle

440

Allowances for payment and ftrvice*.

Contra&s to be regiftrtd.

Anno o£fevo Georgii I. c.*o. tl72T'

on exchanging every fuch bill, taking in the biU fo exchanged for their own ufe, and being allowed a rate not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum> as well for paying the faid interrft at their own cofts, as alfo in reward for their fervice, upon all the bills fo undertaken to be circulated, fo long as they (hall exceed one million in principal, and a rate not exceeding twenty (hillings per centum per annum for the like, upon all the bilk fo undertaken to be circulated, from the time they in the whole (hall be reduced to any fum, not exceeding one million in principal, which faid refpeHive rates (hall be paid as is herein after mentioned ; and the faid contract or contrails (hall be made in writing, and regiftred in the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, and (hall be made to endure for fuch time and times refpeltively as (hall be agreed by the contractors.

Contrafrors, XXVI. And it is hereby enalled, That fuch contra&ors or for that caufe, any of them, (hall not, for that caufe only, be difabled from AtfM*A being a member or members of parliament, or be adjudged liable to be a bankrupt or bankrupts, within the intent or meaning of all or any of the flatutes made againft or concerning bankrupts ; any law, ftatute or provifion to the contrary not-withftanding.

XXVII. And to the end the faid refpeftrve rates, not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, and twenty JliUings pcrcen-turn per annum to be paid to the faid undertakers as aforefoii^ may conftantly be rafed and paid: it is hereby enalled by the authori-company, &c. ty aforefaid, That the abovefaid intereft after the rate of five and finking pounds per centum per annum, payable by the faid South-Sea com-curftiesVor aT Pany> ^OT ^ million which was lent to them, (hall be, and jowan«s°toaI" t^ie ^ame ]S hereby enalled to be a fund or fecurity, fo long as undertakers, fuch intereft (hall be payable, for or towards anfwering the (kid allowance, not exceeding the faid rate of three pounds per centum per annum to the faid undertaker or undertakers ; and that the mqnies hereafter to come in upon the faid (inking fund, (hall be a fund or fecurity for anfwering fo-much as (together with the faid intereft payable by the South-Sea company) (hall make up the faid allowance after the faid rate not exceeding three pounds per centum per annum, fo long as thp fame (hail be payable, and for anfwering the faid allowance not exceeding the rate of twenty (hillings per centum per annum, from the time the fame is to commence, during the continuance thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this aH; and that the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall caufe the Cud rdpec-tivc rates to the faid undertakers to be paid and applied out of the fame funds or fecurities accordingly ; any former law or fta-tutc to the contrary ootwithftanding.

If provifion be XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enalled by the made by par* authority aforefaid. That if at any time or times hereafter pro-monevVor dif- v^10n he made by authority of parliament, in the lawful charging the coins of this realm, placed in the exchequer, for paying off and

dif-

not difabled to be members of parliament, nor liable to be bankrupts.

Intereft of 5I per centum per annum, payable by South Sea

Treafury to

caufe payments, &c.

Digitized by

Google

1721.] Anno o&avo Georgii I. c.20)	441

difcbarging the faid exchequer-bills, which are made forth by hills made the (aid aft of the fixth year of his Majefty’s reign (in lieu of bX old exchequer-bills which were cancelled in purmance thereof) thc bills Mdd computed to amount to the faid fum of nine hundred nineteen off, (hall be thoufand nine hundred twelve pounds and ten (hillings or there- cancelled, abouts, then the faid bills themfelves fo computed to amount to nine hundred nineteen thoufand nine hundred twelve pounds and ten (hillings or thereabouts, which (hall be fo paid off, or for which fuch coined money (hall be referved in the exchequer to difcharge the fame, (hall be difcharged and cancelled$ and if before the feventh day of June one thoufand feven hundred and If monies be twenty three, coined money (hall not be raifed and brought in- Jfot raiTfcd be-to the receipt of the exchequer for difcharging the bills laft men- xyiTa7 thcif the tioned, then all the monies which (hall then remain or after- monies corn-wards come into the exchequer, of or for the faid furpluffes, ex- ing in of the cedes and overplufles, commonly called the finking fund, (hall be applied for or towards paying off, difcharging and cancelling <an ceding the faid exchequer-bills, not exceeding nine hundred nineteen bills, &c. 5 thoufand nine hundred twelve pounds and ten (hillings or thereabouts, till they (hall all compleatly be paid off and cancelled, in fuch or the like manner ana form as are by this aft prefcrib-ed for cancelling and difcharging the faid bills not exceeding one million, to be made forth by virtue of this aft ; this prefent aft or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies arifen or to arife into the .exchequer by the faid furpluffes, exceffes and overplufles, commonly callea the finking fund (except fo much as at Lady-day one tnoufand feven hundred ana twenty two or afterwards, is to be applied to difcharge the faid exchequer-bills not exceeding one million, which were originally created to be lent to the faid company as aforefaid, and except fo much of the faid finking Monies to a-fund as will pay off and difcharge the faid bills, not exceeding rife by fink-nine hundred nineteen thoufand nine hundred twelve pounds *nf/un<l^ex' and ten (hillings or thereabouts, in fuch cafe as aforefaid, and excepted)^o*1 except fuch monies as are by this or any other aft of this feflion be appropria-of parliament, or by any other aft or afts of any former feflion ted for dif-of parliament, fpecially charged upon the faid finking fund, or chamngprin-.to be paid out of the fame, or out of any monies compofing the ^^0?nation3 faid finking fund) (hall be appropriated, referved and employ- al debts incur* ed, to and for difcharging the principal and intereft of fuch na- red before %$ rional debts and incumbrances, as were incurred before theDcc#,7,*# twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and

fixteen, and are declared to be fuch national debts as may be redeemed and are provided for by aft of parliament, in fuch manner and form as (hall be direfted and appointed by any future aft or afts of parliament, to be difcharged therewith or out of the fame, and to and for none other ufe, intent or purpofc what-foever.

XXX.	And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid. No fee to be

That no fee, reward or gratuity (hall be demanded or taken, taken for any

$	thing done in

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anho o£aVo GfiORGft I. C.io.

[1721.

this aft.

Penalty 01 ficer, See. mifapplying monies, See.

aft.

r . direftly or indireftly, by any his Majeft/s officers in the ex-pur uance cheqUer> or by any of their clerks or fubftitutes, from any his Majcfty’s fubjefts* for any matter or thing to be done by the faid officers, clerks and fubftitutes, or any of them refpecbreJy, on of- in purfuance of this aft; and that no fuch officer, clerk or /bb-ftitute lhall divert or mifapply, or caufe or procure to be divert-ed or itiifapplied, any of the monies by this aft intended far the exchanging, circulating or paying on the faid bills or any of them, under fuch penalties, forfeitures and dilabilities, to be incurred by and inflifted on thefm refpeftively, as by one aft of this feffion of parliament for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land-tax to be raifed in Great Britain? for the fervice or the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two. are prescribed or enafted for diverting and mifapplying any the monies thereby granted, or for taking or demanding any fee, reward or gratuity concerning the fame.

XXXI.	Provided always neverthelcfs, and It is hereby enaft-e<* the authority aforefaid. That the laid commiilioncrs of the fund to defray trealury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurcr the charges of for the time being, (hall have power, and be or they are hereby executing this enabled to pay and allow, or caufe to be paid and allowed, out of the monies to arife of or for the faid furplufies, cxceffes and overplus monies, called the finking fund, from time to time, the nkcelfary charges of cancelling fuch exchequer-bills as are here-by direfted to be cancelled, and of making forth the new exchequer-bills hereby authorized to be made forth, and luch other charges as (hall be neceflarily incident in or for the ‘execution of this aft, or any part thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXil. And whereas the revenues fettled or appointed for the fervice of his Majefty s houjhold, and the honour and dignity of the, Crown? did produce in clear money for one year, ended at Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and twenty, the film of one hundred two thoufand fix hundred eighty two pounds feven Jhillings and eleven pence three farthings, over and obove the fum of feven hundred thoufand pounds? allowed for thefe fervices in that year; and by an qfl of parliament made and pajfed in the feventh year of his Adaje-Jly's reign, intituled, An aft for railing a fum not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds, by charging annuities at the rate erf five pounds per centum per annum, upon the civil lift revenues till redeemed by the crown; and for enabling his Majefty, his heirs or-fuccefiors (by caufing luch a deduftion to be made as therein is mentioned) to make good to the civil lift the payments which (hall have been made upon the laid annuities $ and for borrowing money upon certain lottery tickets; and for difeharg-ing the corporations for aflurances of part of the money which they were obliged to pay to his Majefty; and for making good a deficiency *to the Eafi-India company, it was enafted. That pearly and every year, from and after the fcaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one} a certain yearly fund, to be confuted after the rate sf

fivt

Recital of 7 Geo. 1. fist, 1. 0. 27.

Digitized by

1721.] Artnd (xShtvo Geor&Ii I. C. *o.

five pounds yitt centum per annum, for^and upon all'the annuities to be purchased upon that aft, Jhould be and was, by virtue thereof, fettled and ejlablijhed in the manner therein mentioned-, and that for raifing any Jam or fitms of moneys not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds, for the purpofis therein mentioned, it Jhould be lawful for any ptrfins, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, advance and pay to the firft or chief eajhier of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, any fum or fitms of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid film of five hundred thoufand pounds, for the purchafe of filth annuity or annuities as were thereby charged or chargeable, fubjeft to fiuh redemption as is therein mentioned; and the commiffioners of his Majefty's trtafury, or the high treafnrtr for the time being, were thereby impowered to caufi any arreat or arrears of any feet, Jdlaftes, wages, penftons, annuities or other certain or extraordinary allowances, or any debt or debts, fum or fums of money due or to be due or payable at the receipt of exchequer, by virtue of any letters patents or other lawful -authorities, whereupon the fame re-fpe&ivety were or Jhould be grounded, to be fatisfiedand paid at the fame receipt, by levying tallies of pro or affignmertt, or other tallies Upon the faid cafiier fir the time being, fir or in part of the jaid fum not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds-, and that upon producing fuch talleyor tallies, and delivering or tendring the fame to the faid eajhifr, the fame cafiier Jhould forthwith give a receipt in writing fir fuch t alley or tallies, and the per fin or per fins fo producing and delivering or tendring the fame, Jhould in refpeft thereof be deemed contributors within the meaning of that aft\ ami fhetr names and the fums contained in fuch tallies refpeftively, Jhould be fairly entred in the book vr books of the controller therein mentioned, dnd into the duplicates thereof, to be tranfmitted into the office of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer-, and fuch contributor and contributors, by delivering Up his, her or their tallies, or fuch as he, Jbe or they Jhould nominate, his, her or their executors, adminifirattrs, JucceJfors and affigns Jhould have, receive and enjoy the refpeftive annuity and annuities fo pur chafed out of the yearly fund by that oft fettled and efiablijhed, and Jhould have fuch or the like efiate and inter eft therein, as if his, her or their contribution or contributions had been, fpecifically made in ready money, as by the aft laft mentioned, relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear. find whereas the above mentioned Jum of one hundred two thoufand fix hundred eighty two pounds fiven fiillings and eleven pence three farthings, was part of the faid fum not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds intended to he raifid by the aft laft in part recited, and after the rajfing thereof, the faid fum of one hundred two thoufand fix hundred eighty two pounds feven fiillings and eleven pence three farthings, ought (as part of the excefi or furplus of the fund, commonly called the aggregate fund, a-tifen within the faid year, ended at Michaelmas one thoufand fiven hundred and twenty) to be applied to make good fo much of the fur-pluffes, exceffis and overplus monies, commonly called the finking fund, out of which the exchequer-bills, formerly lent to the South-Sea com-, pony, are by this aft appointed to be paid off and cancelled, as is above fnentioned: now for the inore effectual railing the (aid fum of one

hutv-

Digitized by

444

Anno o&avo Georcii I. c. 20.



partottbe film of 5QOfOooL

Pcrfons producing (uch tallies to the

hundred two thoufand fix hundred eighty two pounds feven (hillings eleven pence three farthings, and applying the feme as Tallies to be aforefaid; be it further enafted by die authority aforefeid. That (buck for raif- the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more 10f tid. Vq.	them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more

7	’	*	of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, fluff or

may, and they are hereby enabled and impowered to canfc (bch tallies of Pro or afiignment as aforefaid, or other tallies, to be levied and ftricken in the name or names of fiich perfan or per-fons, as they the faid commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more ot them, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall * think fit to entruft in this behalf, as part of the laid fum not exceeding five hundred thoufand pounds, which was intended to be railed by the faid former aft; and that upon the producing or tendring of fuch tally or tallies to the faid cafhier of the olhiCT of thc governor and company of the bank of England for the time be-bank of Eng- ing, a receipt or receipts in writing (hall be given by the laid land, to have calhier to the perfon or perfons fo to be entrufted, his or their deemed* a*fignee °r afligns, producing or tendring the fame; and that the contributors perfon or perfons, his or their aflignee or afligns, fo producing within the aft and delivering or tendring the fame, (hall, in refpeft thereof, be 7 Gto- *• Ik*, deemed and adjudged to be contributors within the meaning of the aft in part before recited; and their names, and the film contained in fuch tallies refpeftively,(hall be fairly entred in the book or books of the faid controller for the time being, and into the duplicates thereof, to be tranfmitted into the office of the Such perfons auditor of the receipt of the exchequer; and that fuch perfon upon delivery 0r perfons fo to be entrufted, or the perfon or perfons, body or ent!tle<Tto^n b°<iies politick or corporate, who (as aflignee or afiignsof the nuities in the perfon or perfons fo to be entrufted) (hall deliver up or tender lait mentioned fuch tally or tallies, his or their executors, adminiftrators, fuc-ccflors and afligns, (hall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by this aft to have, receive and enjoy the refpeftive annuity or annuities to be payable for or in refpeft of the faid fum of one hundred two thoufand fix hundred eighty two pounds feven (hilr lings and eleven pence three farthings, and every or any part thereof, out of the yearly fund by the laft mentioned aft fettled and eftablifhed, and fhall have fuch and the like eftate and inte-reft therein, from the faid feaft of Saint John Baptift one thou-fand feven hundred and twenty one, and all other benefits and advantages in refpeft thereof, as if fuch contributions had been fpecifically made in ready money, according to that aft.

Treafury may XXXIII. And for the more fpeedy raiftng of money towards caufe monies making good the finking fund as aforefaid, it is hereby further to be raifed enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be taMes &c. and	t0	and for the faid commiflioners of the treafury, or any

alignments three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, to caufe any fum or fums of money to be raifed upon fuch tallies of Pro or aflignment, or other tallies, or upon ludi annuities "to be payable in refpeft thereof, as aforefaid, by mortar

fign to be made thereupon.

Digitized by

Google

721.3	Anno o&avo Georgii I. c. 20.	445

age, fale, or otherwife, and at or for fuch price or prices, or at ich rate or rates of intereft, or for fuch confiderations, as to the aid commiffioners of the treafury, or high treafurer for the time >eing, (hall feem mod expedient, and thereupon to caufe any af-ienmcnt or affignments of the (aid tallies and annuities, or any >F them, to be made to the perfon or perfons, body or bodies >olitick or corporate, who (hall purchafe the faid tallies, or any >f them, or the faid annuities, or any of them, or (hall lend iny monies upon the faid tallies and annuities, or any of them, as the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or high treafurer for rhe time being, (hall judge to be reafonable; all which annui-ties, in refpedt of the faid Aim of one hundred and two thoufand fix hundred eighty two pounds feven (hillings and eleven pence {ioi/by pariisu three farthings (hall neverthelefs be fubjeft to fuch redemption ment/&c. by parliament, as is by the faid recited alt provided touching the other annuities which have been or (hall be purchafed thereupon.

XXXIV.	And it is hereby enalted, That all the monies that Monies appli-Ihall be raifed as aforefaid, for or towards the faid fum of onehun- *d to make dred two thoufcnd fix hundred eighty two pounds feven (hillings th* f,nk* and eleven pence three farthings, as faft as the fame (hall be^w££h ex-

: raifed, (hall be applied towards making good the finking fund as chequer-bills aforefaid, out of which the faid exchequer-bills, which were lent are to be paid to the South-Sea company, as is above-mentioned, are directed off*

: to be paid off and cancelled as aforefaid; any other law or fta-tute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it enalted by the authority Difoofitions

■ aforefaid, That all monies lent and to be lent to his Majefty . ap?lica-upon one alt of this feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for Mother mo-granting an aid to his Maiefty by a land-tax to be raifed in Great nies.

Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and * Geo. 1. c. x. twenty two\ and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the tax : thereby granted, as (hall arife and remain after all the loans made or to be made on the alt laft mentioned, and all the loans i by that alt or any other alt of this feffion of parliament transferred or to be transferred to the regifter for the faid land-tax, s and the intereft of the faid feveral and refpeltive loans, and the charges allowable for raifing the faid land-tax, (hall be fatisfied,

' or money fufficient (hall be referved in the exchequer to difeharge the fame; and all the monies to be raifed by way of a lottery or otherwife, by virtue of an alt of this feffion of parliament for 3 qeo< x c> %% continuing the duties on fnalt, mum, cyder and perry, to raife money by way of a lottery for the fervice of the year one thoufand (even hundred and twenty two, and for other thepurpofes therein exprefied, and fo muen of the fame duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry by that alt granted or continued, as (hall arife ana remain (if any fuch be) after all the payments thereby direlted to be made upon certificates, as well for the unfortunate as the fortunate tickets therein mentioned, and the charges by that alt allowable for the execution thereof, (hall be fatisfied, or monies fufficient (hall be referved to difeharge the fame; and

Digitized by

Google

9«1. and one fifth part of a

446	Anno *Gta*o Gsoegh L cm.	{172	s.

all the monies to be raUed by ifluing exchequer-bills not exceeding one million, or otherwife, fay virtue or in purfismce of this prefeat ad, and the fum of fifty fix thoufand eight huo-dred fcventy two pounds thirteen (hillings and three peace and four fifth parts of' a penny, being part of the monies which were granted to his Majefty for the fcrvices of the «r 00# thouland (even hundred and twenty one, and exceedodf rile fcr-vices voted or cna&ed for that year, (hall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the tercr4 ufes, intents and purpofes herein exprefled; fubjacl ncwerthddk to fuch reftruftions as are herein after prescribed ; that is to It is hereby ensured and declared, That out of aH or any the

________	_	aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid there (hall and may be

penn^apphed dTued and applied any fum not exceeding one hundred eleven to make good thou (and five hundred thirty two pounds thirteen fhilfy&gs and the deficiency nine pence and one fifth part of a penny, to make good the de~ fundfoTtltt ficicncY °f fund* commonly called the general fund, for year ended at nufing feven hundred twenty four thouland eight hunched and Mich* 1711. forty nine pounds fix (hilling and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, for the year ended at Mubatimai one thou fand (even hundred and twenty one.

XXXVI.	And it is hereby ena&ed and declared. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid there (hafi and may be iffued or applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding one million fix hundred feven thoufand eight hundred ninety four pounds four (hillings and four pence and one fourth For naval fer~ part of a penny, for or towards the naval Cervices heron after view.	more particularly exprefled; that is to (ay, for or towards de-

fraying the charge of the ordinary of his Majefty’s navy, and for half-pay to lea-officers ; and for or towards victual, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the vifhialling thereof performed and to be performed ; and for or towards fea-(Services in the office of the ordnance performed and to be performed ; and towards difebarging the debt of the navy as it flood at Michael-mas one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one; and for or towards difqharging the debt for tranfport-fervice as it flood at Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one; and for or towards other Cervices of the navy perforated or to be performed.

For the ord- XXXVII. And it is hereby alfo enabled. That out of all or nanceforland- anY of the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid there (hall or fervice, and may be ifliied and applied any fum or fums of money not ex-Wpiyjng his ceeding ninety three thoufand one hundred fixteen pounds ele-ftor/i with faitvcn	an(*	eleven pence and three fourth parts of a pen-

petre, and re- ny, for or towards defraying the charge of the office of his Ma -building gun- jefty’s ordnance for land-fervices performed and to be perform-wharfiatChat- e(j. and towards fupplyiog his Majefty’s (lores with falt-petre, mouth ^ an^ re^ui^in8 th* gun-wharfs at Chatham and Plymouth^ and o-ther extraordinary lerviccs to be performed by the office of ordnance in the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two; and for defraying fcvcral extraordinary expenccs of the office of

ordnance

Digitized by LjOOQle

44 7

1721.] Anno o&avo Georgii I* 0.20.

ordnance for land-fervices in the year one tfioufaod feven hundred and twenty one, not provided for by parliament.

XXXVIIL And it is hereby likewife enafted, That out of all For land-or any the aids or fupplics provided as aforefaid there (hall or may forcei* be iflued and applied any funa or films of money not exceeding in the whole the fum ot eight hundred forty four thoufand four hundred feventy one pounds twelve fhillings and ten pence halfpenny, for or towards maintaining his Maiefty’s land-forces and other fervices herein after more particularly exprefled, that is to fay. Any fum not exceeding five hundred fixty eight thoufand Guards and nine hundred thirty two pounds thirteen (hillings and four pence* G^tBrit^n for defraying the charge of fourteen thoufand two hundred nine-	9

ty four effeftive men (including commifiion and non-commif-uon officers and invalids) for guards, garrifons and other his Majefty’s land-forces in Great Britain, Jerfey and Guemfey, and other lerviccs relating to the forces for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two; and any fum and fums of money not exceeding one hundred fifty thoufand feven hundred forty three pounds thirteen fhillings and four pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Maiefty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations,

Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provifions for the garrifons at plantations, Annapolis Royal, Placentia and Gibraltar, for the year one thou- Minorca and fand feven hundred and twenty two; and any fum and fums of Gibraltar, money not exceeding fifteen thoufand pounds, upon account of out-penfioners of dhelfea Hofpital, for the year one thoufand chelfeahof-fcven hundred and twenty two; and any fum and fums of money pita], not exceeding twenty thoufand feven hundred ninety five pounds fix fhillings and two pence, for defraying feveral extraordinary Extraordiaa* expences for the fervice of his Majefty’s land-forces, and for rics. provifions, and to fatisfy feveral clothiers aflignments, not before provided for by parliament; and any fum and fums of money not exceeding eighty nine thoufand pounds, upon account of half-pay to the reduced officers of his Majefty’s land-forces and Half-pay offi-marines; fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch rules to be obferved in the cers. application of the faid half-pay, as are herein after preferibed concerning the fame.

XXXIa. And be it enafted, That the faid aids or fupplies The laid fup-provided as aforefaid (hall not be ifTued or applied to any ufe, plies to be ap-intent or purpofe whatfoever, other than the ufes and purpofes P,Ucd no before-mentioned.	therufes-

XL. Provided always. That fuch fums as by and in purfu- Ft)r the ^ ance of any other aft or afts of parliament are or (hall be due or miflioners of" payable to any commiffioners for taking, examining, dating and army ac-determining the debts due to the army, for their falaries, or for counts, their clerks, or other incident charges, (hall or may be paid out of the aids or fupplies aforefaid, or anv of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLI. And as to the faid fum of eighty nine thoufand pounds Rulca to ^ by this aft appropriated on account of .half-pay as aforefaid, it is obferved in the hereby enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That the application of

2	rules	bait-pay.

Digitized by v^ooQle

44*	Anno o&avo Georgii I. c.2o*	[(72/*

rules herein after preferibed (hall be duly obferved in the application thereof; that is to fay.

That no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the lime, who was a minor under the age of fixteen years at the time when the regiment, troop or company in which he ferved was reduced.

#	That	no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the (hue, ex-

cept fuch perfons who did adtual fervicein feme regiment, troop or company.

That no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majefty, (hall have or receive any pait of the half-pay.

That no chaplain ot any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice, or other preferment in Great Britain, or Ireland, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay.

That no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame who hath religned his commifiion, and has had no commiffion face.

That no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any perfons, by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch perfons who would have been otherwife entitled to the fame, as reduced officers.

And that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons and eight regiments of foot lately difbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain. 7Geo.i.ftat.i. XLII. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the fevaetb c. 4.	year	of his Majejly's reign, for continuing the duties upon malt, mm,

Claufe for dif- cyder and perry, to raije money by way of lottery for the fervice if vcrplusmoney year one &oufand feven hundred ana twenty one, and for other of half-pay 7 purpofes therein exprejjed, feveral fuppUes which had beat granted to officers to the bis Majefty, as is therein mentioned, wne appropriated to fevtralufes compaffionate and purpofes therein exprejfed, amongft which any fum or Jams not ex-ceeding the fum of ninety four thoufand five hundred pounds, upon account of halfopay for the year one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Met-jetty's land forces and marines, fubjelt neverthekfito fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the Jaid halfopay, as in and by the a-forefaid all were preferibed in that behalf: now it is hereby provided, enadted and declared by the authority aforefiud. That (b much of the faid fum of ninety four thoufand five hundred pounds, as is or (hall be more than fufficient to fatisfy the feid reduced officers, according to the faid rules by the aforefaid ad preferibed to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, (hall or may be difpofed to fuch officers, who were maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or to (bdi o-thers as by reafon of their long fervice, or otherwife, his Majefty (hall judge to be proper objedts of charity, or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants under his Majefty’s royal lign manual, as (hall befign-ed in that behalf; any thing in this or the faid former ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLm. And

Digitized by Google

I72i.I	Anno oftayo GeoRGH I. c. ao.’*	449

XLIII. And iuhereas amongfl divers matters and things contained9 Ann. c. 23. in an ad of parliament made in the ninth year of the reign of her late £**• ntajeffy Queen Anne, of bUffed memorya fum of one hundred three	.

thoujand and three pounds eleven /hillings and four pence was ap- ferers # Sevio painted to be diftributed amongfl the proprietors and inhabitants of the *nd St. Chri-i(lands of Nevis and Saint Chriftophers, who fufiained great Ioffes Gophers, by an ? by a late invafion and depredation of the French, to encourage them to	tjw

refettle in the faid ifktnds\ and by another aft made in the tenth [^wars? year of bet faid late Majefiys reign9 taking notice that the bounty a- i0 Ann. c. 34* forefaid would exceed or amount at leaf to one third part of the faid Ioffes fufiained by the planters and inhabitants of the faid iflands only 9 it was enafted9 That her Majejiys commiffioners for the affairs of trad? and plantations) or any three or more of them9 on fuch proof as was therein prefcribed) fhould or might forthwith i/fue out, in the re~

Jpeftive narhes of every fuch fufferer, his, her or their executors or ad* minifir at or $) debentures for one fulhhird part of their refpeftive Ioffes fpecified in the return of a commiffion therein mentioned (fuch requi-fites being fir A performed by the faid fufferers, their agents or af~ fignS) as by the faid afts were to be done and performed) and that &e 9 Geo. tj Juch debentures fhould be delivered out to them) or their refpeftive a~ c. 11. gents or attomieS) andfhould carry interefi for the principalfums therr-in mentioned after the rat? of fix pounds per centum per annum, from the five and twentieth day of December one thoufand /even hundred and eleven: and whereas the commiffioners for trade and plantations did make forth debentures, purfuant to the faid afts9 which amount in principal money to the fum of ninety nine thoufand three hundred fixty one pounds fixteen Jhillings, and no more, the interefi whereofy at the rate a forefaid) hath been fat is fed until the feafl of the birth of our Lord Chrijl one thoufand feven hundred and fourteen 3 and the faid principal fumy together with forty one thoufand feven hundred thirty one pounds nineteen Jhillings and one penny farthingy for the like interefi thereof \ incurred for feven years, ended at the feafl of the birth of our Lord Chri/l one thoufand feven hundred and twtniy oni) making together one hundred forty one thoufand ninety three pounds fifteen Jhillings and one penny farthing, do f ill remain unfatisfied: now to the end the feveral proprietors of the .faid debentures may have a juft and reafonable fatisfa&ion for the principal and intereft due or unpaid to them refpedively, it is hereby provided and enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Unfatisfiedde* the faid refpeSivc proprietors, and their refpedhve executors,	k°w

adminiftratora and afligns, (hall by virtue of this a<ft have and	*

be entitled to an annuity after the rate of three pounds per cen» turn per annum) for and in lieu of the principal and intereft due or unpaid to them refpedlively, as aforefaid, the fame annuities to commence from the faid feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift one thousand feven hundred and twenty one, and to be payable half-yearly j to wit, at the feafts of the nativity of Saint John fiaptifly and the birth of our Lord Chrift, by equal portions, until the redemption thereof by parliament; the firft payment thereof to be made at the feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptifi. one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two; and the • YpL. mt	Qg	fame

Digitized by

Google

45*



Anno o&avo Gsoneil L C.W.

feme annuities fh*H be and aru, by virtue of this aA, orTaa^tfiS and chargeable upon and payable oat of the monks arxfiag'or debentures, to to arife of or for the cuftom^ fubfidies, impofidoot, ntrs d»-be paid out of ties, proportional parts, weekly and other provifions and pay-tb«nd ments, commonly caHed the general fund, eftabltfhed by mi.

ad of parliament bf the third year of hts Majefty’s reign, *-3	*	f*c’ 7* mounting to feven hundred twenty four thoufand eight bandied

forty nine pounds fix (hillings and ten pence and one fifth pot Tmfury, up- of one penny per	and thecommiffioners of has Majcftf*

debenturC ng trca^n7i OT *ny three or more of them, or the high treaimm ilfue wder Vor ^t*mc being, are hereby authorized and impowerai, upon producing to him or them any of the faid debentures, to if-fue (landing orders for paying at the receipt of the exchequer the faid annuities to the (aid reipe&ive proprietors, duirexeco-tors, admmiftratots, focceSbrs or mffigns rufpc&vdy, out of the monies arifen or to arife oat of the faid general yearly fund, until fuch redemption as aforefaid; which annuities OuR be deemed to be perfonal eftttes, and (ball be free from aH tuxes, charges and im petitions whatsoever, and the ielf>e6bve piojarie-tors thereof fhall have good knd-fore efiates therein, and (halt have power to aflign or devife his, her or their «ftate or imenA of and in any fetch annuity or any part thereof, and fo teem fun

payment of annuities to proprietors, &c. until redemption.

Annuities to be deemed pq^bnal«f-tates, Sec. and may be af-figned.

tfo aft:

revi

alignment ttes\ and no fuch affignment (haH be revocable, fo as an entry ocable, &c. ot memorandum of fuch affignment or will be made in books kept for that purpofe in the office of the auditor of the receipt of exchequer, within three morfths after fuch affignmest or death On producing of the devifor; and that upon producing fuch affignmeat or witt, fuch aflign- or probate thereof, in the faid office of receipt, to becatred at w^brinz an a^orc^ai^> the party fo producing the fame (hall bring therewith Sfldavit ot its an affidavit, taken before one or more of his Majefty’s jwftioei dueexecution. of the peace, of the due execution of the faid* affigmest or Officers of ex- will, which affidavit or affidavits (hall be feveralty filed in the find maicemeoio- °®cc> an^ 'the proper officers in the faid receipt of exchequer are randum, See. hereby required to make fuch entry or memorandum according-Annuities to ly, and to file the faid affidavits ; and in default of fiich uffign-be paid by of- tnent or devife by deed or will, the mtereft of firth perfon or fleers in exche- perfons (hall-go to his or her executors or adminiftrators; and it juer wi out .g |tcr^j3y cna<qed, That the fame annuities (hall be paid by the ; *	officers in the receipt of exchequer without demanding or re-

• ceiving any fee, gratuity or reward for the fame.

XLlV. Provided always, That out of the monies arififtg «r to arife at the exchequer as aforefaid, of the feidforptuflk, m-ceffes or overplufifes, called tire finking fund, it (halland wmy he lawful to and for the faid commiflioners of the treafuiy, or nay three or more of them, or the high treafurer for Ac ttoe being, to reward the officers and clerks in the faid receipt for their pant and fervice in paying the fame annuities, and to fatisfy fach incident charges as (hall neceflarily attend the payment thereof* any former Taw 6r ftatUte to the contrary notwithftandtag, XLV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enabled by the auxho-when to deter-aforefaid,' That; at any time, upon pubiick notice to he

print-

2

Officers to be rewarded out of finking fund.

Annuities,

Digitized by

Google

iyti.] Anno odavo Georoii I. c. 20.	45*

printed ip the London Gazette* and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London* by authority of parliament* at any of the four xnoft ufual feafts of the year, *nd upon repayment by parliament of the refpeA'rve principal fums for which the* fame annuities lhaH be payable, to fuch refpeAive perfons and eorporatiqns as fhall be entitled to the fame annuities,' and alfo upon full payment of aH arrearages of the. fame annuities, to be computed by the day, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, till fuch aAuai repayment, then and not tiH then the fame an*- Rfcfofution of nujties (hall ceafi? and determine; any thing herein contained tothc hoi,re ?f the contrary notwithftanding; and that any vote or refolution of^7^ by%he" the houfe ofcommons fignified by the fpeaker in writing, to be fpeaker in the inferted in the faid London Gazette* and affixed on the Royal Ex- London Ga-dhange in London as afore faid, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be zette,jkc. to fufficient notice within the words and meaning of this aA. J^tlce ^

XL Vi. And moreover, be it enaAed by the authority afore- ^ additional faid, That there fhall be raifed, levied, anfwered and paid unto duty of as. per and for the ufe of his Majefty? his heirs and fucceffors, for and btriW to be upon all apples, which at any nine or times after the feaft-day of t$e annunciation of the blefted Virgin Mary one thoufand feven hundred an^l twenty two, during the term of three years from 7y, duty is thence next errfuing, or before tne end of the feflion of parlia- continued for ment next following the faid term of three years, fhall be im~fev*fJ!ears & ported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all cuftoms, fiihfidies and duties already impofed thereupon) an additional duty, to be reckoned after the rate of two killings for every bufhei, and proportionably for & greater or leffer quantity, to be paid down in ready money by the importers, from time to time, before the landing of the fame refpeA-ivdv.

XLVII. And be it enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That How, and nit* the faid additional duty upon apples imported, (hall be raifed,der pe-ievied, recovered and baid, and be brought into his Majefty's ”^,es tobc exchequer, by fach rules, ways, means and methods, and un- paw* der fuch penalties and forfeitures, and in fuch manner and form, as the other duties upon apples imported, or any of them, are by any aA or aAs of parliament now in force, preferibed or appointed to be raifed, levied, recovered, anfwered and paid. r XLVIII. And be it enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That To what uA the faid additional duty upon apples imported (except the no- applied, ceflary charges of management thereof) is and (hall be applied for or towards making good the fervices for which his Majefty’s fupply, granted in this feffion of parliament, is by this aA appropriated or applicable.

XLIX. And whereas by feveral a5l$ of parliament now in force* Dutjcs payJU feveral duties are payable upon the importation of pictures; be it \>\c 0n pic-further enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That the faid duties tures import-for all piAures, which (hall be imported from and after the feaft- cd aftcr *5 day of the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Man one thou-fcnd feven hundred and twenty two, (hall ceafe and determine, Hngtf pi&ures •?	G	g 2	and	imported, fte

Digitized by ^.ooQle

45$	Anno	oftavo	GeqrgiiT. c.*e,

xi Geo i c 7 an^ *n **€U t^erc°f thor* fl*aU be paid and payable to his Majefty, fcft. I2.1* 7 hi* heirs and fucceffors, for all pidures, that front and after the faid feaft day of the annunciation of the blefied Virgin Mary one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two (hall be imported into Great Britain, the certain duties following, according to the xe-fpedive dimenfions of fuch pidures, that is to fay.

For pictures of For every picture of four feet fquare or upwards, or of any four teet dimenfions, which being reduced, will produce a fguare aEfcur iquare, jL . feet or upwards, the fum of three pounds, of lawful money cfc Great Britain•

Two feet	For	every	picture	of	two feet fquare, and under four feet

fquare, 40 s. fquare, or of any dimenfions, which being reduced will produce a fquare of two feet, and under four feet, die fum of forty (hillings, of like money.

Left than two And for every pi&ure under two feet fquare, or of any di-feet, «ot. menfions, which being reduced will produce a fquare Ids than two feet, the fum of twenty (hillings, of like money.

To be paid in Which duties (hall be paid down in ready money by the re* ready money fpedive importers of fuch pidures, from time to time, before before land- the landing of the fame refpedively.

“E*	L.	And be it enaded by the authority aforeiaid. That the

How, and un- faid duties upon pi&ures imported, (hall be raifed, levied, re-naJties to be coverec* an<* and he brought into the exchequer, by fuch paid, ° rules, ways, means and methoas, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and in fuch manner and form, as the dudes upon pictures hereby taken away, or any of them, might have been raifed, levied, recovered and paid, if the fame or any of them had continued.

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the autho-How appro- rfty aforefaid, That the duties to arife upon the importation of printed. piftures, pursuant to this a d (the neceflary charges of management excepted) (hall be appropriated and applied as near as may be, to the fame ufes and purpofes, to which the former dudes upon pidures by this ad taken away, were applicable or ought to have been applied if this a<5t had not been made.

LII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enaded, That the duties How redeem- by this ad’ charged upon pidures imported, or any part thereof, (hall be redeemable by parliament, in the fame manner as the faid former duties on pidures hereby taken away, or any of them, were redeemable; and in all cafes where any of the faid former duties on pidures were to ceafe or determine, a proportional part of the duties on pidures hereby charged, (hall likewife ceafe and determine.

CAP?

Digitized by L,ooQle

ij2i,]	Anno odavo G®orgji 1.	c.21*

453

CAP. XXI.

An aS to enable the South-Sea company to difpofe of the effects in their bands by way of lottery or fubfcription, or to fell part of their fund or annuity payable at the exchequer, in order to pay the debts of the faid company \ and for relief of fuch who were intended to have the benefit of a late alt touching payment of ten per centum therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fijhcry, commonly called the South-Sea company, are pojfejfed of divers Jbares of the capital flock of the faid South-Sea company, transferred and pledged to the faid South-Sea company, or their agents, for their ufe, for divers fums of money lent by the Jaid South-Sea company, and are Ukewife pojfejfed of or in-titled unto other Jbares of the fame capital flock, allowed by the faid company for, or arifing from or by means of receipts given for the payments made on fubferiptions for money taken by the faid South-Sea company, commonly called fubfcription-receipts,pledged to them, or ibeir agents, for monies lent by the faid South-Sea company thereup* on, which , faid Jbares of the faid capital flock amount together in the whole to three millions and upwards: and whereas the faid South-Sea tompany flands indebted for exchequer-bills, and aljo by their bonds ~ and dividend-warrants, in a larger fum of money than can be paid in fuch reafonable time as may be expelled, without the fale or, difpojal of fome part of their flock: and whereas the faid feveral Jhares offoci Jo pledged and allowed for, or arifing from or by means of the faid Jubfcription-receipts pledged as aforejaid, may be deemed, or fuppefid to be liable ta redemption, though in no ways likely to be redeemed: and forafmuch as to enable the faid South-Sea company fpeedily ta pay their faid debts, will tend to promote the publick credit; be it ^ftcr t therefore enadted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and March 1711, with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual ana Temporal South Sea and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by r°1!injjfny m/y the authority of the/ame. That it lhafl and may be lawful to theiriteSc<nqt and for the (aid South-Sea company, arid thev are hereby ena- exceeding'' bled, from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand »oo,oool. per feven hundred and twenty two, to fell, or otherwife difpofe of annum) to any perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or- ottcry* ** corporate, all or any part of the faid feveral (hares of thejqid ftock, as well that pledged tQ the fajd company as aforefaid/ as that which was allowed by the faid company for, or arifing from or by means of the faid fubfcription-receipts fo pledged as ar forefaid, or any part of the fund or annuity ifluing and payable at the exchequer, to the faid company, not exceeding two nun-dred thoufand pounds a year* by way df lottery, fubfcription, or otherwife, at fuch time or times, and in fuch*manher *c ^

Og3

Digitized by L^OOQle

45+

This aft not to alter a pro ▼ifion in the aft of 7 Geo. i it at. a. c. i. for paying in ten per cent, upon loans, fcc.

If South-Sea company raife money tor payment of their debts, by way of lottery, no contributions to be taken in after 24 Dec. 1723. Purchaiers of the company's annuities payable at the exchequer, inti-tied to the receipt.

Anno o&avo Grodon I. C;«s	[v\tu

the general court of the faid South-Sea company (hall from not to time be thought fit and expedient.

II.	Provided, That nothing heheiri contained (haD beconftroed to e£tfend to alter the provifioh tilade by an iSt MMe In the 14 feffion of parliament, intituled* An tiff fir making fimrd fry vifms to ref ore the publiek credit) which fuffirs by the frauds ad mifmanagem^yits of the late directors of tbit South-Sea company ni otheri, for paying in tenprr centum upqn fuch Ifcafts, and Act-upon iiifcharging the borrowers from all further demands of At laid South-Sea company, for or hi rfefpd# of-the mohies fa borrowed upon flock or fubfcription-receipts, and for afcAfueriy vefling in the faid South-Sea company luch flock and futtcrip* tion-receipts fo transferred and pledged, arid for which ptymeMi {hall be made or tendred, according to the true intent lad meaning of the fame a£t, or to difeharge any perfbri or perfes, who have not intitled themfelves to the benefit of the fiid tft, by making payments according to the directions of the Came aft,« or from any debt or debts flue or owirig to the faid Soth-Ses company, upon fuch pledged ftock and fubfcription-xeeeiptt, over and above the profit and advantage that fhall be made by

!he faid company, by fale, or other dnpofition of fuch pledged lock, and the frock allowed for* orariflng from or by ocaar of lbch fubfcription-receipts, fo^ledged to the compaiy as a-{orelaid.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby £na&ed by tteaotib-rity aforefaid, That if the (aid South-Sea company fttB think fit to raife all or any part of xh6 money, by this aftaudnraed to Be raffed for payment of their debts, by way of a lottery* then no contribution or corttributiona to fuch a lottery or lotteries, (hall be received or taken in after the twenty fourth day of Dt~

(ember which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufimd fevei mndred and twenty three,

IV.	Provided alio, and it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid. That in.cafe the faid South-Sea company fl»H think fit, in purfuance of any refolution or reTolittions of theff general court, to raife all or any part of the money by this ad intended to be raifed, for payment of the faid company's debts, by felling or difpofing any part or parts of the yearly funds or annuities of the fajd company, now payable at the exchequer, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum (fuch pat cr parts not to exceed in the whole two hundred thoufand pound* per annum as aforefaid) then the perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or cprporate, who mall contra# or agree tor pur-chafing fuch part or parts of the faid annuities, or yearly fund* of the faid company, fhall be and be deemed to be able and capable in law, to purchafe, take, hold and enjpy the lame, oi fhajl have, receive and enjoy, and be intitled by force and vktm of .this a#, to have, receive and enjoy the part or parts fo per* chafed, fromjuch time or times as (hall be agreed upon by or

purchafen r>

VM

between tne laid company ana tne purcnaier or (pedtivCly.

Digitized by

Google

Annoofoytt&gcttOirl. g,?t.	455

V- Andit rs hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Arreirs ef an„ all arrears of fo much as (hall he purchafed as aforefaid, of and nujtjeg „ur. ' in the annuities or yearly funds of the faid company, as (hall chafed, bow he due and computed by the day to the time or rpfpedive times payable. See. ( to he agreed upon as aforefaid, (hall be and remain payable to the faid company,, by weekly payments, or otherwife, as the money appointed or intended by any ad or ads of parliament to be applied for Or towards the. payment of fuch part or parts to be purchafed as aforefaid, of and in the hid annuities, or yearly funds, and the lame, (ball be fully paid and fatislfed before ■any of the payments, by this ad directed or intended to be made £0 fuch purebafer or purchasers, (hall be made; and that fo jnuch of the laid part or parts to be purchafed a9 aforefaid, of and in the annuities or yearly funds of the faid company, as ihall he computed by the day from the time or refpedive times to be agreed upon as aforefaid, until the ufual quarterly feaft-day then next cabling, fhaU be reckoned to be due at the faid next iucceeding feaft-day, and that front and after the fame feaft-day, the (aid part or parts of the faid annuities, or yearly funds to be purchafed as aforefaid, (hall grow and be accounted due quarterly, at the four moft ufual ftafts in the year, hy even and e-quu portions (neverthelefs to be fetisfied by weekly or other payments, as is herein after mentioned) ana that the faid part or parts of the faid annuities, or yearly funds lb to be pu rchafed, dull be paid and payable to the (aid perfpn or perfons, body or ' bodies politick or corporate, who (hall purchase the fame, his,

; her or their executors, admioiftratars, (ucceflbrs and alCgns re-! Ipedively, out of the monies arifen or to arife into the (aid exche-1 epur, of or for the particular duties, revenues, proportional ’ puts of revenues, or other previlions now charged or chargeable with the fame as annuities, or as part of the annuities of the faid company, after die rate of five pounds centum per annum, until and for the foaft of the natiyity of Saint John the which dull be in the year of qur Lord one thousand feven hundred and twenty feven, and from thenceforth at the rate of four pounds per,centum per cumum, until redemption by parliament, according to the tenor and true meaning of this aft ; and that all the precepts, directions, powers, authorities, penalties, forfeitures and difhbilkies, daufes, matters and things contained in any ad or ads of parliament now in force, for or in order to the fancying, ifiuing, paying or fecuring the annuities or yeaify -funds of the faid company, (hall be applied, pradifed, and put in execution for fttisfying, ifiuing, paying or fecUriag the (aid -putor parts, after the purchafing thereof to the purebafer qr purchafers, liis, her or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflots and afligas refpcdivdy, as fully and eifedually as the fains part or parts (hould or ought to have been ifiued, paid or fq-curad, if the lame were not fold a$- aforefaid, and as fully and eficdually as if all and every the faid precepts, directions, powers, authorities, penalties, forfeitures and disabilities, claufes,	,

nutters and things, were again repeated in this ad.

G g 4.	VI.	Pro-

Digitized by (^.ooQle

A

45*	Anno	oftavo GkokgiiI. c,»t.

No agree meat VI. Provided always. That no agreement fbr the (ale of any ^imafC P*rt	^UIW*	^ annu,ty	South-S/n company, (hal

nuhiet to any ** ma<*c **twC€n the fa id company and any other bodypotekt body corpo- or corporate, unlefs ten days notice at the leaft be-given in the rate, without London Gazette* and upon the Royal Exchange* before the meet-tea days do- iDg of any general court of the Soutb-Sta company, to4>r moned to approve the (ale of the feme, aette before VII. And be it further enafted by the Authority afavcUd, the meeting of That the values, to be computed after the rate of twenty yen a general purchafe, for fuch part or parts of the (aid annuities as mail be Annuid^ af-	(hall	from	the	time	or	times to be (pedfied in fuch

ter the rate of agreement or agreements as aforefeid, become a capital flock 20 years pur- of the perfon or perfons, body of bodies politick or corporate, chafe, to be «who (hall fo purchafe the fame; and in cate fuch purchafe or purchafes (hall be made by any body politick or corporate, fuch littek. purcEa- hody politick or corporate is hereby enabled (in cafe they (hall fing, may add think (it) to add or unite the capital fto£k fe created or caufc the the capital fame to be added and united, to the then capital ftock of the dock created, 'faid body politick or corporate fo purchafmg the fame; and in capiujr kc*1 ca*® evcry tuember of foch body politick or corporate (hat1 ^ 9 have credit in the books thereof for his, her or their (hare or (hares of the capital (lock fo created, added and united, and aM the profits, dividends and advantages whatsoever to attend the 'fame; and from and after any fuch purchafe or purchafes made as aforefaid, the capital (lock of the faid Stutk-Seo company (hafi be leffened fo much as the faid value or values of the (aid part w parts fo fold, (hall amount unto; and the annuities or yearly funds of the fame company (hall likewife be leflened fo much as 'the faid part or parts of tho^faid annuities fo fold (hall amount unto; any former law or ftatute to the contrary notvathflandh^.

VIII.	And for the better and more regular payment of all the Tretfury to •monies intended by this aft to be paid to fuch purchafer or pur-•nsjeeforth the Chafers of fuch part or parts of: the faid annuities (if.any fuch orders for pay-	j hig> her

or their executors, adrainiftrators, fuccefior* or affigns refpeftivdy, at the different* rates, and in ftich manner as aforefaid, (fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch neduftion and redeatp-tion, as are by this aft provided concerning the fame) an order •or orders (hall, from time to tiratyb* made forth and figned, by *Sh^ conrHniffioners bf the treafmy,- om any.three or more df 4hetn, or by the high treaforer for thc thpebeing; and after Signing thereof,* the:lame (hall be* good^-firm, valid and effec-tuai in the law, according to the, purport and true meanmg thereof, and of this aft, and (hall not be detenninafafc by or upon the death or removal of any commifltoner-or coramifl»n-trs of the treafury, or high treafurer for the time being, or by or upon the death or determination of the power, office or offices, of them or any of them; nor (hall any commfffioner* of ♦hi treafury, high treafurer, or under treafurer for the time be-Th« orders to ing, have power to revoke, countermand or make void, filth be irrevocable, order or orders fo made forth and (igned os^oforefaid.

, IX. And for th< spore fpeedy payment of themoniet jrbfeh

Digitized by LjOOQle

7*2 n}	Anno o&»vd;Georgii I. c. 2t.'	$5,

hall be due and payable to any perfon and • perfons* body or xxiies -politick or corporate, who (hall become purchafer or pur chafers as aforefaid, (tf any fuch be) and to his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, fucccffors and affigns refpeftively, upon fitch order or orders as aforefaid; it is hereby further enadU Weekly pay-edand declared by the authority aforefaid. That weekly or o- ments to be therwife, as the monies appointed or intended by this aft to be ““de upon applied for or towards the laid payments to grow due to him, ordcrs>, her or th^M. tfotefaid, (hall from time to time be brought jnto	>

the receipt-of the exchequer, and (hall or ought to be fet apart	w

for that purpofe, fuch monies (hall and may, from time to time, be tfTuea upon fuch order or orders, for or towards difeharging the faid part or parts of the faid annuities or yearly funds, which lhall be purchafed as aforefaid, and (hall grow due at the end of that quarter of a year in which fuch iffues or payments (hall be made, fo as fuch weekly or other payments do not exceed the fums, which (hall grow due for or at the end of fuch quarter re-fpeftively.	'	,

- X. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, pUrchafers of That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any body or bodies annuities may politick or corporate, who (hall have purchaied or agreed for «**»(« money by any part or parts of the faid annuities of the (aid South-Sta com-pany as aforefaid, for better enahling themfejves to pay for the fale of capital lame (if they (hall fee caufe) to raife money, by opening books ftock, &c» for taking in (ohferiptions from any perfon or perfons (as well *heir own members as others) for the fale of their capital dock, created as aforefaid, or any part thereof, and the proportional part of the purchafed annuities to attend the feme,, or by making any call or calls of money from the relpeftive member or members of fuch . body or bodies politick or corporate, proportionally to the (hares which fuch members (haU then have in the capital ftock or (locks of the fame, and by (topping and difpofiog the iharcs and dividends of fuch members, as. (hall make default in anfwering fuch call or calls, and applying the -money fo (topped or raifed for the purpofe aforefaid, or by borrowing money upon bonds, bills or obligations, under the £Qmman feal or feals of fach body or bodies politick or corporate, or otherwife, as to them (hall feem moft meet and convenient ; and every fuch body or bodies politick or corporate, is and are hereby enjoined and required to apply, or caufe to be applied the monies fo raifed, for or towards paying or com-	:

pleting the payment of the purchafe-money to the laid South*

JStacompany, for fuch part or parts of their laid annuities which _

(hall be fo purchafed as aforefaid.	i

. XI, And it is hereby enafted, That the capital ftock, which c ;taj ^ock any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, by annuities and* and in purfuance of fuch agreement or agreements as aforefaid, (hares, to be and of this aft, (hall be intitled unto, and the faid part or parts ^een?^ I*1’* of the faid annuities or yearly funds of the faid South-Sea com- SSl ffieSaS pany, which (hall be purchafed as aforefaid, and are intended to taxes, Stc.	’

attend the fame, and the particular (hare and (hares of any, mem- ’ r	r

^	~	her	V : -:-

Digitized by Google



deviled. See.

AaMofimGioxon I. aai.

bur of luilk body politick or corporate of and in fee M be, and bo deemed and adjudged in law and equity, to be a fbnal and not a real efiaitt, and Adi be free from all charges and impofitioos whatfoever* and in cafe any body cm bodies jpoliriek or corporate (hall be entitled to U» capital duck, to be ascertained purfoant tolueh agreement nr lgiemam. ami this ad as aforefaid, then and in all and every feck aim an Shares ftuy be cafes, the refpedtive members of (uab body or bodice politick.or transferred or corporate, who (hall have any (hare or wares Iberate, (had or May afflgn and transfer fuch his, her or their fare or fares, or any part thereof, in the book or books of fee feme body or bodies politick or corporate re(pe£bvely, in fech or fee like am-(hod, manner and form, as are preformed in and by apy adk or ada of parliament, charter or charters, now in force for a& figntnenrs or transfers of original deck, to be made in fee book or books of fuch body or bodies politick or corporate refpo£bve-Jy, or (hall or maydifpofeor dome fee Itati dr any past thereof, by will, in fuch manner and form as any (hare in die oris-Hal flockof fuch body or bodies petitifck or corporate is dcriie-<Ut| and that the part or parts of the feid annuities of the (hid SemthSem company, which IhaB be purchafod as afoaefiud, by any perfon or perfons (not being a body politick or corporate) or uiv part thereof, Adi or may be afegnable and aSgned by any writing or writings under their hands and feals rafpo&vety, and fech affigntnents over may be made Mitt futtie#, fe as (m sA ferments be notified in the books of the auditor of fee receipt of the exchequer (or the time being, and (hall or may bedifpaf* ed or devHed by wW, fo as every loch will, within three months after fee decease of every teftator, be eatred in the feme office Perf cm XII. And be k enacted by fee authority aforefaid, That

eoyed forma* no Per^m who (hall be employed in making any agreement for ng agree- the fele or purdhafe of any part or parts of the wd annuities menttfor fide, of the Stum-Sea company, or in the management of the capita!

d|k- (feck to he afeertained for the fame, or of the annuity or an-parliament,m nitres fo to be purchased, or in raifingthe money to pay for the ike. ' feme, or otherwise, in the execution of this #<5t, (hall for that caufc only, be difabled for fervmg as a member of parliament^ or be liable to any penalty or d*fability for not qualifying hiaafdf to-execute his traft puriuant to this ad, as if it were anoflfeccr _ ,	.	{dace of profit; and that no member of my body or bodies

HJK* politick or corporate which (hah be intided to ftock, purfeaat 10 liable to bank- fech agreement or agreements, and this ad as aforefaid, fall in ruptcy.norfo- refpedof his (hare or (hares therein, (reliable to be a bankrupt; reign attach* within the meaning of any thefiatutea made concerning bankrupts, and the flock of fuch body or bodies politick-or corporate, afeertained as aforefaid, (hall not be liable to any foreign attachment, by the cuftom of Lendtn, or ofeerwife.

Xm. And it is hereby declared and enaded by the authority aforefaid. That fech perfon and perfons, body or-bodies poli-tick-or corporate, as (hall purehafe any part or parts of fee laid annuities of the feid Snttk-Sta company a* aforefaid, h«, hsr

or

meat.

PuTchafcr* to

receive apnui-ties till redemption by

Digitized by LrOOQle

of thefr exectft6rs{ adfaiftiftfttoty facceflbrs and SfRgn* rt- Sfmtu c, fpwSitdy, (hall havt, hflM, I’cteivc and enjoy the feme at the company* refjjeaive rates aferefaftf, tirttil the fa id part or parts fo purchefed (Kail be rtdeettted puifusnt to this ; and atty Body or bodies politick or corporate purchasing fuch part dr parts of the (aid srtrtufHee, dr any part thereof, mall continue a corporation until fuch redemption of the part or parts of the fame annuities tbhich (halt have been pUrChafed by theni;

XtV. Ptovkfed always. That at any tithe after the feaft of After *4 June the nativity of Skint jihft Baptifi orte thohfartd feven hundred «|w» re-and twenty feven, upon repayment by parliament, to the per-fan or perfons, body or bodies politick of Corporate who fh«ll etpital itock, fheh be intitled to tht feid capital flock, in refpeft of the faid and upon pay-part or parts of tftd Bid Annuities which fhall have been fo pur* ment of ar-Chafed, bf the whole1 funi whereof their capita! flock in refpe& of the annifitfesfepurchifed lban then ctmfift according to thfa a<ft, without any deduction, defalcation or abatement whatfo* cfer to be made out bf the fame, or any part thereof, and upon payment Of a!! arrears which fhall be then due at the relpe«ive rates aforeftid, or either of them, upon the faid annuities which fhall be fo purchafed, all which arrears (if any fuch be) fhall be eomputed and paid to the quarterly feaft-day then next preceding, and from thence fhall be computed and paid by the day, tHl the time of Rich firit payment made of the capital flock laft mentioned, then the laid part or parts of the faid annuities which (hall be purchkfed as iforefaid, mall from thenceforth ceafe and determine.

XV. And in regard it is intended that at atty time or timet after After 14 June the faid feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift one thoufani 1717,0111*-feven hundred and twenty feven, the principal or total fim of the payment of^ Capital Jtoek) 'which fhall wen belong to any perfm or perfons, body pjjfofJUiot* hi bodies politick or corporate, in refpeft bf any annuity or annuities being left than to be ptirchafed its aforefaid, tatty be fatisfied by anypay merits, not being one eighth) a hfi than one eighth pan thereof at a timcy and that as the fame prht- proportional cttial fhall be paid off* the faid annuities which Jhall have been pur-thafed as aforefaid, JhaUfrom time to tithe proportionally fink and be abated: be It therefore further provided and enafted by the authority aforefaid. That at any thrtc or times after the laid feaft Of the nativity of Saint John Baptifi one thoufand feven hun* dted and twenty feven, upon repayment by parliament to the perfon or perfons, body of bodies politick or corporate, who fhall tfien be intitled to the capital flock m refyedf of the annuity or infinities which (haUhave been purchased as aforefaid, of any Aim

Jr futfis of tnorrey (not being lefs than one eighth part thereof I a time) in part of *the principal monies whereof the lame capital ftdek fhaH confift, and upon payment of all arrears then due at the fefpe&ive rates aforefaid, or either of them, for or upon the annuities fo purchafed^ or fo much of th’ofc arrears as fhall bear a proportion to the principal fums, from time to time, remaining toniatisfied, being computed by the day, until the time of every tocb payment of part of the principal refpedtively $ then, from

and

Digitized by LjOOQle

fl$Q	Anno odavo Georgii I. c.tu (lytis

?r|d after every fqch payment fo mode, fo much of the Aid annuity or annuities which (hall have been ib purchafed as afbm-(aid, as (hall bear proportion to the monies fo paid in port of the faid principal, (hall oeafe, determine and be abated; aw thing in this or any former ad or ads of parliament contained, or other matter or thing whadoever to the contrary aatwith~ (landing.

After red emp-	XVI. Provided allb, and it is hereby further eroded. That

don of annoi- from and after the redemption of the annuities which (hall hart tiestthefeveral been purchafed as aforefaid, according to the fcrend and te-dUSfSilC^by frf^ivc Prov*foes or conditions of redemption in this ad con-areredeemed tained> then, and not till then, fo much of the feveral duties, by parliament, revenues and incomes as are by this ad applicable thereunto &c.	during	the continuance thereof, (hall be underftood to be re-

deemed by parliament, and (hall not be iflued, paid or applied r to any ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever, without authority of parliament.

XVII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby eroded by the autho-Capital flock rity aforefaid. That fo much of the capital ftock of the (aid remaining af- South-Sea company as (hall remain in that company after (ale of

fuch Part or Parts thereof, as (hall be fold purfuant to this ad able by parlia-	*ny Part thereof (hall be fofold) (hall, after the Cud feaft of the

meat, on pay- nativity of Saint John Bapti/I one thoufand feven hundred and ment of fo twenty feven, be redeemable by parliament, upon payment of j"”1 wk* nC fuch fum an^ fums of money whereof their capital (hall then then confift of, c°i>(ift, (exclufive of fo much as (hall have been fold by them' Ac.	*	purfuant	to this ad) and of all arrears of their annuities which

(hall then remain to them, and upon payment of the arrears of the yearly fums allowed to the faid South-Sea company for charges of management; and that the redemption of their capital fum fo remaining, (hall or maybe made upon payment by parliament at one time, or at feveral times (not being left than one million at a time) according to the powers of redemption contained in one ad of parliament made m the ftxth year of his Majefty’s reign, in that behalf.

XVIII.	And vfkereas the firft moiety or half-part of the faid

7Geo.T.ftat.a. rate of ten pounds per centum,for money'borrowed of the JaidSourh-c. s.	Sea company, wass by the before-tneutioned aft of the laft fejfxon gf

of lor re- parliament^ limited to be paid on or before the twenty fifth day of intend^to°rl,^ecem^er one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one, and divers have the btot-per/ons intended to he relieved by the lajl mentioned aft, having lapfed fit of a late afl the faid time of payment, are thereby at trefent excluded frm the

who have lapfed the faid time of payment, or the re/jjedivc heirs, executors or adminiftrators of fuch perfons, Aafl pay to the cafhier of the faid company for the time being, to and for the ufe of the faid company, at their publick office in London, fo much money as a moiety of the faid ten pounds per centumy to be computed on the fums fo refpedively borrowed, as in the faid 6	a&

*721 •! Anno oQavo Georgii L c. zt: y	4$t

»<5t is cicprefled, (hall amount to, on orbfefore the twenty fifth

day of April one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, with

intereft for thefaid moiety of the faid ten pounds per centum, from

the faid twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred

and twenty one, then fuch perfon or perfons (hall, upon fuch

payment made, or lawfully tendred, and being refilled, and not

otherwife, be entitled to the benefit of the laft mentioned ad, as

fully as if fuch payment of the firft mqiety of the faid ten pounds

per centum had been duly made within tne time limited by the

faid laft mentioned ad.	?

CAP. XXII.	‘

Jtn aft to prevent the mifchiefs by forging powers to transfer fuch flocks, or to receive fuch annuities or dividends as are therein mentioned, or by fraudulently perfonating the true owners thereof; and to reftify mifiakes of the late mana-gers for taking fubfcriptions for increajing the capital flock of the South-Sea company, and in the inflruments founded thereupon.

WHEREAS of late divers frauds and abufes have been cm-mitted by forging and counterfeiting the hands of fame of the proprietors of the Jhares of and in the capital Jlock and funds of Juch body or bodies politick or corporate, as are ejlablijbed by aft or 1 afts of parliament tn that behalf or fome of them, or by forging or 5 counterfeiting the hands of perfons entitled to the dividends attending : the faid Jhares, or fome of them, or by forging or counterfeiting the ' hands of perfons entitled to annuities, in rejpeft whereof the proprietors have transferable Jhares in a capital'Jlock or flocks ejlabtifbei by aft or afts of parliament, in proportion to their refpeftive annul* ties; and divers frauds and abufes have been or may be committed by perfons faljly ana deceitfully perfonating the true and real proprietors of the(aidJhares in Jlock, annuities and dividends, or fome of them: now tor the better preventing fuch pernicious pradices for the future, be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament afleinbled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons AftmJfcfardi •whatfoever, from and after the firft day of March one thoufend 1711, forging feven hundred and twenty one, (hall forge or counterfeit, or fetters ofat-procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wih torncy* fully ad or aflift in the forging or counterfeiting any letter of attorney, or other authority or inftrument to transfer, aflign, fell or convey any fuch (hare or fhares, or any part of fuch (hare or (hares of and in fuch capital (lock or (locks as aforefaid, or any of them, or to receive any fuch annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends as aforefaid, or any of them, or any part 1 thereof, or (hall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged 1 or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully ad or aflift in the^^^^jF* 1 forging or counterfeiting any the name or names of any the pro- prop/iSors.

1	'	prie-£c.

hares,

tony.

7Geo-

4it	Aiuw	ofiwo	OtotoirL t«i;'

(cittonofany fach ten orlhatw-iti Sock, or «f*i»y *he periods inritled to any fitch annuity orainaitiM, inMorf orctm* deads a« aforcfaid, in or to any fuch pretended fetter of attorney, inftruoMitt or authority, or mail knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have any fuch (horeor (hautofcl AoMt, or any part thereof, transferred, aligned, fold orooofiyed, or fach annuity or annuities, dividend or dividend*^ or a a; pm or falfly per- thereof, to be nteird by virtue of any filch econwra ec fonating real forged letter of attorney, authority or fnfirumoat, or proprietors of anJ deceitfully perfonate any true and real proprietors of the lhares, acc, fe-fajj (hares in (lock, annuities*n4 dividends, or any of them,

». c. is.or any part thereof, and thereby transferring or endeavouring to transfer Che ftdtfc, or receiving or en^staOourfdg to retense me money of fach true and iawfil proprietor, as *f loch offender t¥€»e the true and lawful owner thereof, then in nwy or any iucb cafe, all and every /uph peefon and perfons /being thereof lawfully cpnvjtfed in age for© of law) (nail be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuflfcr as in cafes of felony, wkhoutbe-*	nefitOf dcrgy.‘	r •	:■ ■ ^

II.	And whereas by an infrument in writing* hearing date the ninth day ef December one thoufand feven hundred ^nd twenty* **-Aar the hands and feats of the then eommfjtoners of his Affyefiyr tria-fury, fundry principal ferns therein mentioned* amounting together to gleven miliums cm hundred feventy two thoufand five hundred umty three pounds fifteen JbiUings and ten fence, were declared to he added to the capitalfade of the South-Sea company; and in rtfpefi tffiuh flock feveral yearly films, /noting together fivt f&ndref thirty mm thoufand thirty fix pounds three Jbilhngs and eleven pence, were thereby declared to be added to the annuity or yearly fund of the find aqi-pany9 and to commence or take place From the fe&fi of Saint Michael the archangel then la(lpad: and zvhereas feven millions five hundred fifty eight thoufand three hundred and fifteen pounds ten /hillings and three pence, part of the find additional ftock of eleven millions one hundred fiventy two thoufand five hundred ninety three pounds fifietn fallings and ten pence, wasfor principal fums fubferibea into thefind .company the fifteenth day a/^Odtober one thoufand feven hundredand twenty, for which an annuity at the rate of five pounds per outturn per annum, was payable at the bank ^England, by virtue of an aB of the third year of his Majefys reign* according to one duplicate f a hook of fvbfmotions, figned and attefied by threje of the late managers for taking fucb fubjeriptions, as in the[aid inf rumen t is morefelly and at large Jet forth; and whereas it is evident* That the find principal fum of feven millions five hundred fifty eight thoufand ihfeehun-dred fifteen pounds ten Jhillings and three pence was a mifidpirprincipal fum* for that the /aid late managers* or thofe enjfkjed under them* in bringing over the totals of fiindry pages in the fifot filpHcati-*book* to make one total at the end thereof had omitted to bring over a fubfcaption of two thoufand pounds contained in the faid book under the letter B, (page thirty three) and feveral fubfiriptions tender the letter M, beginning page thirty three and ending page forty* and the fibferiptions fo omitted to be brought over* do amount to

fixty

*GMt *»*«?<

Digitized by v^ooQle



xy*i ;J	Anno d3»yo GeoXgh L c. m.

Judy feven tbeujdad tight hundred thirty erne pounds fin /billing: and tea pomes; and by moans iftbtfad miftak*,tbt had kfs additionalflock	ami additional annuity	by in*

filament than thtyought to have bad; that is to , ty thoufandeight hundred thirty me founds fits /hidings and Jhci, and thru thmfand three hundred and ninety out founds eleven fiiUingsand four ponceleft in additional annuity for that fiotk, which annuity tuns U commence and take ejTe£lt in feint	, from

the feafi of Saint Michael the Archangel one	fovea hum*

dred and twenty as aforejaid: Now for re&fytog the faid mif-takm, and to the end the find company may have and etfroy (o such as is their right; be it further enabled by the authority T5?/ur7 .*? aforefiud, That the eommiffioners of his Majefiy's treaihry, or tlkeimSonth* any three -or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time sea books, icc. being, ihali aad may sedify the miftakes or errors no smutted as arorefiud, by any new iaftniment or inftraments under their hands and teals, thereby declaring, fettling and determining, that the principal hints, amounting to the find him of fiaty ieuen thoufand eight hundred thirty one pounds fix {hillings and ten pence, are and dull be added to\the prefent capital or joint flock of the laid company ; and that the yearly ium of three thoufand three hundred ninety one pounds eleven Shillings and four peace, being coroputedat the rate of five pounds per centum on the faid principal funs of fixty feven thousand eight hundred thirty one pounds fix drillings and ten pence, is and (hall be added in re-fped of fiich their additional flock, to the prefent annuity or yearly fund of the faid company, and (hall commence and take died from the faid feafi of Saint Michael the archangel one thoufand (even hundred and twenty, and continue and be payable for faeh 'time and times, and in fudh manner and form, and out of fuch particular duties, rates, revenues and other provifi-ons as in-sad by the ad of the fixth year of his Majefiy’s reign were prtferibed or intended, in cafe luch mifiakes bad not been made, and fubjed to fuch redudion, powers of redemption, conditions, reftridions and other matters and things as in and by the fame ad, or any other ad now in force, were provided or intended touching or concerning the fame j and the faid com- 7^*a,',ny»'w anUfioners of the treafury, or high treafurer for the time being, writ^ig'tod^ by fiich >their inftrument or inftruments in writing, (hall and terminelhare*, may declare, fettle and determine, that every member of the dec. fiud company in proportion to his, her or their refpedive (hares in the capital dock thereof, increased by fuch addition, hath and fhall have-credit in the books of the faid company, for his, her or their proportion or (hare, of and in the whole capital dock (b ancraafed, according to the true meaning of the ad qr ads of parliament in that behalf.

III.	And whereas by an mfrument in writings hearing date the ■twenty eighth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ■twenty, under the hands and ftals of the then ammjf oners if his Majefty's	treafury, amongfi other matters and things, therein contain-

~td, feveral funs, amounting to eight millions five hundred fifty me

thou*

• Digitized by

Google

464	Artno	o&avo'GEORtarL	am'	[i7*r.;

thoufand fix hundred and eighteen founds fifteen Jbd&nfe, mere de-clared to be added to the capital flock of the faidcompany, and inrefped of fuchflock, feveral yearly fums, matingtogetherfour heendrod tweu* ty feven thoufand five hundred and eighty pounds eighteenfindings and nine pence, after the rate of five pounds per centum, were thereby declared to be added to the annuity or yearly fund of the fetid company, to commence and take effect from the feaft of the anmmdatwi if tie

2d Virgin Mary then lafl paft, according to a duplicate efa kmk ibfcriptiom made on the twenty third day of June one tboufmd \ hundred and twenty, figned and attefted by three of. the late managers for taking in fitch fubfertptions, as in the fail infirrnmmt is more fully and at large fet forth«• and whereas it is evident, that the faid principal fum of eight millions five hundred fifty ene tbonfmdfix hundred eighteen pounds and fifteen Jhidings was a vuftaken principal fum, for that the faid late managers and directors, or tbefe impleyed under them, did in one of their duplicates, containing part of tie faid eight millions five hundred fifty one thoufand fix hundred eighteen founds and fifteen Jhillings, and theanmaty to bo paid to the faid company thereupon (page eighty) ufert a fitbferibed annuity of Sir Harcourt Matter, as if the fame had been forty five pounds per annum,and a credit was taken therein of nine hundred poundsflock for the -fame, although in truth the annuity which he afiually fitbferibed, was no more than twenty five pounds per annum, and the company’sflock for the fame Jhould have been no more thorn five hundred pounds, and the addition which ought to have hern made to the faid company's annuity or yearly fund in refpeft thereof, ought to have been twenty five pounds per annum, and no, more: now for rectifying the rni-ftake laft mentioned, which tends to the wrong and prejudice of the publick, and to the end the publick may have right done in refpe& thereof, be it further enadted by the authority afbre&id, Treafury by That the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three Jum^endorf- or morc °f t^iem now being, or t^e high treafurer for the time ed, &c. may being, (hall and may, by any proper memorandum or memo* caufe 4001. randums, to be endorfed or made upon the faid inftrument, dated P?rt.°fthc ca‘ the twenty eighth day of September one thoufand feven hundred J^,^|S|t,5Saand twenty, and upon the fubfeription-books, wherein the er-.and set per rors or miftakes laft mentioned are inferted or comprehended* annum,part of caufe the fum of four hundred pounds, part of the (aid 4£7«s*oh capital fum of eight millions five hundred fifty one thoufaad fix teaf^from ^un*e<l eighteen pounds and fifteen (hillings, and twenty pounds »jMarchi7*o.per annum, part of the faid fum of four hundred twenty feven thoufand five hundred eighty pounds eighteen (hillings and nine pence per annum, to be abated and funk from the feaft oC the annunciation of the bleffed Virgin Mary one thoufand Severn hundred and twenty; and if any payment of thefaid,Atmof twenty pounds per annum has been received by the fakfoemm-Money rcctiv-ny at the exchequer, it is hereby enaded, That the money fo ed, to be re- received (hall be repaid into his Majefty’s exchequer, or be (top* exchequer. * *nc* r^lndc<i out of the next payment to be there made to the H * faid company.

IV.	And whereas it doth or may hereafter appear, that fever alt*

tier

Digitized by L^ooQle

iyax-]	Anno	o&avb GeoRgii I.	4^5

ether mftakes and errors have been or may have been committed in tii duplicates of the'fubfeription+books, tranfmitted to the commifftoners . his Majeftfs treafury for the time beingr, by tie late or prefent managers jor taking fuch fubferiptiofis, or in the injlruments of the commifftoners of his Majeftfs treafury founded thereupon, in fome cafes to the wrong and prejudice of the Jatd company, and in other cafes . to the prejudice of the publick; be it therefore further enadted by the authority aiorefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and Treafury to for the commifioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or examine du-more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, to in-P^lcatc*j&£*°^ fped and examine any the duplicates which, were tranfmitted by^SanaeenT the prefent or late managers for taking any fubferiptions for in-	9

creating the capital ftock of the (aid company, and if they or he ihall find any errors or mifiakes therein to the prejudice of the faid company or of the publick, to redtify the fame, by making additions to the ftock and annuity of the faid company, or by .making fubftradtions from the fame, as the cafe may require, in fuch or the like manner as by this adt is preferibed tor rectifying a“d rectify the feveral errors and miftakes above in this adt particularly men- mxitakcs* tioned and exprefied.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft for prolonging the times for bearing and determining claims before the truftees, in whom the eftates of the late South-Sea directors, and of John Aifiabie, efquire, and likewife of James Craggs, efquire, deceafed, are vefted* and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

I* \XZHERE AS by an aft of parliament paffed in the feventh 7 Geo. x. flat r.

VV year of his Majeftfs reign, intituled, An adt for raifingc* 2g-money upon the eftates of the late fub-governor, deputy-gov'er-j^^^^" •nor, directors, caftner, deputy-cafhier, and accountant of th^tbTmattf^in South-Sea company, and of John Aiftabie, Efquire, and likewife this ad, of James Craggs fen. efquire, deceafed, towards making good 9 Gco- «•c* *• the great lofs and damage fuftained by the faid company ; andI3Gco*l,c,ax# for difabling fuch of the faid perfons as are living to hold any office or place of truft under the crown, or to (it or vote in |>arliament for the future; and for other purpofes in the faid adt exprefied: it is enabled (amongjl other things) That all and every the real eft ate and eftates whatfoever, and of what nature or kind fever, and all rights of abl'ton, ufes, trufts, powers and authorities whatfoever, and all and raery the Jhare and Jbares in the capital flock or flocks of any corporation, company or fociety% and all money due upon any account or accounts balanced or to be balanced, and all other debts and fecurities for debts, and all ready monies, goods, merchandizes, perfonal eftatt and ejfefts whatfoever, of what nature cr kindfoever, which Sir John Fellows, baronet, late fub-governor,

Charles Joye, efquire, late deputy-governor, and William Aftell, efquire, Sir Lambert Blackwell, baronet, Sir John Blunt, baronet9 Sir Robert Chaplain, baronet. Sir William Chapman, knight and baronet, Robert Q\sfax,jfquire, Stephen Child, efquire, Perer Vot. XIV.	Hh	Dela-

Annoo&avoGfiOftan I. c.13,

Ddttpoit, efquire, Franks Ey les, efquire, James Edtmmdfon* bfruire, Edward Gibbon, efquire, John Gore, ifqmre. Sir W3-nim Hammond, knight, Francis Hawes, efquire, Richard Harley, tfqmrt, Richard Houlditch, efquire, Sir Theodore Janflen, bonnet) Sir Jacob Jacobfon, bright, Arthur Ingram, efquire, Sir John Lambert, baronet. Sir Harcourt Matter, bright* William Morley, tfqmre, Ambrofe Page, efquire, eohnA ffarfi Raymond, Samuel Read junior, tfqmre, Thomas Rryoo&cw* efquire, Jacob Sawbrtdge, efquire, William Tillaid, efqvtrt, and John Turner* efykitr, late drreftors of the corporation of the governor and company of mtrehants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas, and other ports of America, and for encouraging the ffhery, commonly called the South-Sea company, in the fad eft named* ahd alfr Robert Knight krte treafurer or cafhier, Robert Surman late deputy-caftner, John Grigfby late accountant to the find corporation, and John Aiflabie, efquire, every or any of them, or any m trufl for them, every or any of them, upon the firjl day of June anno Domini one thoufand from hundred and twenty, or at any rime or limes afterwards, or which James Craggs the elder, efqtrire, ie-ceafrd, or any perfon or perfons in trufl for him at the feme if his death, was or were frjfrd or pojfrffri Of, or rnterefted in, or eu~

9	titled unto, in law or equity in their or any of their own rights* or to his or their own ufe or ufrs, or in partnership with any others (except as in the faid aft is afterwards excepted) were, by force -and virtue of the faid aft, vejled and fettled in Sir John Eyks baronet. Sir Thomas Crofs baronet, John Rudge, Matthew Lant, Roger Hudfbn, efquires, now Sir Roger Hudfon height, Edmund Halfey, John Lade, Gabriel Roberts, and Richard Hopkins, efquires, now Sir Richard Hopkins knight, thereby nominated and appointed trujlees for the ufrs and purpofes in the faid aft rxpreffed of and concerning the' fame, and the heirs, executors* admiriiftrators and effigns of the fame trujlees, front the refpeftivi times in the faid aft named, to the intent the fame might be fold and difpofrd of, or otherwife applied to and for the ufrs and purpofrs in the faid aft expreffed concerning the fame, and that the dear monies arijing thereby, Jhould be appropriated h and for the ufe of the South-Sea company, in fuch manner as is therein mentioned: and it is thereby enafted, That the entries of fuch claims, as by the faid aft are direfted, by or for any perfons or corporations in Great Britain, Jhould or might be made at any time before the twenty fifth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and. twtntr one, ana by andbefore any perfon or perfons ref ding or being beyond the feat, or out of Great Britain, Jbould and might be made at any time before the twenty fifth day of March one thoufandfeven hundred and twenty two? and whereas in and by the faid aft it is further enafted, That thefail trufees, or any three or more of them, Jhould and might inquire and inform themfelves, by or upon the tejlimony of witnejjbs upon oath* Or by the examination of the perfons mating fuch claims upon oath (all Which oaths they, or any one or more of them, bad thereto power to admini/ler) or by the infpeftion of any mortgages, bonus, bills* notes, or other feeurtties, or any accounts relating to the fabi debts* it any of them fo claimed, or by hfptftion of any grants; gifts, fettle-

2

Digitized by

Google

ntnti%

t 721.3	Anno	oftavo	Georgii	I.	0.23.

ments, conveyances, transfers, or affurances relating to the faid efiates, inter efts, or incumbrances fo claimed,	any of them,	*r ijr all or any

eft the faid ways and means,	otherwife,	according to their difere-

tions, as foon as conveniently might be, touching all or any of the debts, ejlates, interejls, <?r incumbrances fo claimed, and Jbould make a report or reports in writing of their proceedings therein, with their opinions thereon, from time to time, to the court of directors of the Jdid South-Sea company for the time being $ and if the faid court of directors for the time being Jbould be fatisfied in the juftice of fuch claim or claims, or that any debt or fum of money ought to be paid thereupon, or that the ejlate, inter eft, or incumbrance fo claimed, or *ny part thereof, ought to be allowed, and Jball declare their Jatif-faction therein, by any refolution or reflations of that court; and if the party or parties, by or for whom fuch claim Jbould be made, Jbould tiiewife, in a book or books to be kept in the faid truftees publick office for that purpofe, declare in writing under his, her or their hands, his, her or their acquiefcence in fuch refolution or refoluiions of the faid court of direftors for the time being, touching bis, her or their debt, ejlate, inter eft, or incumbrance fo claimed, at any time or times before the firjl day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, then in all and every fuch cafe and cafes the faid truftees, or any three or more of them, Jbould give warrant for the payment and difeharge eft every fuch debt or fum of money Jo liquidated or adjufted, out ofjucb monies as Jbould come to the hands of the cafhier of the faid South-Sea company for the time being, for the purpofes in the faid qft exprejfed: and it was by the faid aft further enabled. That the juftices of the courts of King's bench and common fleas, and the barons of the coif of the exchequer for the time being, or any three or more of them, fitting at the fame time and place, and not otherwife, Jbould, and they were thereby authorized, from time to time, to bear and determine all differences, dijputes and contro-verjies touching or concerning any debts, ejlates, interejls, or incumbrances, which Jbould be claimed within the refpeftive times therein before limited for making fuch claims, and could not or Jbould not be liquidated or adjufted between the faid court of direftors for the time being, and the refpeftive claimants within the time before limited in that behalf, and all incidents relating thereunto, in fuch manner, as by the faid aft is direfted: and by the faid aft it is enabled, 7Oo.i.ftat, That the faid juftices and barons, or any three or more of them, up- c.iS. on a complaint to be made by or for any claimant of any fuch debt, ejlate, inter eft, or incumbrance, whofe claims Jhmd not be liquidated or adjufted as aforefaid, (fo as fuch complaint be made on or be fore the five and twentieth day ofDecember one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two) Jbould proceed in fuch manner as by the faid aft is direfted ; and the faid juftices and barons, or any three or more of them, in all cafes where they Jbould find that any debt or fum of money ought to be paid to fuch claimant upon fuch claims, or that the ejlate, intereft, or incumbrance Jo claimed, or any part thereof ought to be allowed% Jbould and might, at any time or times before the twenty fifth dap of March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty three, traofmit a certificate or certificates thereof to the faid truftees in the

H h z	faid

Digitized by

Google

4-68	Anno	oftavo Georgii I. c. 24.	[1711.'

foid aft nominated ? and by the fold aft it is provided and enaftti. That the powers given by the fetid aft to the feud jufiices and harems, for hearing and determining fuch differences, difputes and contreoer-fies relating to fuch claims as aforefud, and iffuing their certificates concerning the fame as aforefaid, Jbould continue and he in font smtd the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred twenty ahd three, and no longer: now forafaucb as it is forefoot, that the claim already brought in and entred, and which may he brought m and entred, in purfitame of the find recited aft, comet be beard end determined as aforefaid, and that the powers thereto relating carmot be executed within the refpefthe times limited in that behalf, and that further time ought to be givm for bearing ami determining fotch claims in manner as aforefaid, end Mfir flees to execute the trufi %n and by theJoed recited aft in them vtfied i may it pteafe your raoft excellent Majrfty, that k may be enacted, &c.

Time for claimants acquitfcence in the refotation of dire&ors, he. enlarged to 14. March 17x3. For determining chums not adjufted, enlarged to 34 June 1733. For barons to tranfmit certificates, till *9 September 1733. Truftees may corapownd with partners or joint-dealers of the late dire&ors. Monies payable upoa agreement, See. to be paid to the cafhier of the South-Sea company. Eftates of the late dire£tors upon wbidr Claims (hall be made, &c. may be fold. Monies anting by (hie, to be paid to Crjhti que Tnt/9 &c. Or in cafe of infancy. See. of Cefbumu Trap, tbea to (uch perfons at the chancery (hail direct. Grants, See. by tmttecs effectual in law. Truftees may take bonds, See. of the company in payment at par, and ftock from purch'afer, &c. at fuch price as (hall be agreed upon between them, &c. Allowance of intereft to the late direftors. See. for their fubfiftence. No fpecial bail required in a&ions on coatn&s* Sec-made lince 1 December 1719, and before 1 December 1710, fat fde of ftock. See. till 1 March 1711. EXP.

^	CAP.	XXIV.

/ jfn aft for the more ejfefiual fuppreffing of piracy.

'	\ T THEREAS the number of perfons committing piracies, felonies

VV and robberies upon the fcas, is of late very much increafed\ and notwithjiandiug the laws already made and now in being, many idle and profligate perfons have turned pirates, and betaken them-fehes to that wicked courfe of life, whereby the trade and navigation into remote parts Will greatly fuffer, unlefs fome farther pro-vtfion be fpeedily made for bringing fuch perfons, and all others, who Jball be any ways aiding and (ffijling, or in confederacy with them, to condign punijhment; be it therefore declared and ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons. After March in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the *5, f73a.com- fame, That if any commander or mailer of any (hip or veflel, manders ot or any ot^er perfon or perfons, (hall from and after the twenty trading fifth day of March which ihall be in the year of our Lord one pirates, fur- thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, any wife trade with itifhinethem any pirate, by truck, barter, exchange, or in any other manner, correfpomlin or fo™*"1 any pirate, felon or robber upon the fcas, wish with thtraj&cl any ammunition, provifion or (lores of any kind, or (hall Ik

out

•*y%i.J Anno o&avo Georgii I. c. 24.	469

out any fhip or veflel knowingly, and with a defign to trade ■with, or fupply, or correfpond with any pirate, felon or rob-her ’upon the feas, or if any perfon or perfons (hall any ways confult, combine, confederate or correfpond with any pirate, felon or robbefr on the feas, knowing him to be guilty of any fuch piracy, felony or robbery, fuch offender and offenders and every of them, (hall in each and every of the faid cafes be deemed, fall be ad-adjudged and token to be guilty of piracy, felony and robbery, Judged guilty and he and they (halj and.may be inquired of, tried, heardof Piwy>£c. ^rnd adjudged of and for all or anyrthe matters aforefeid, ac- H?s° cording to the ftatnte made in the twenty eighth year of King c. i5. ?nd i i Henry the Eighth for pjjrates, and the ftatute made in the eleventh & 1* W. 3. and twelfth years of theretgn of his late majefty King William 7* ' the Third, intituled, Att^ifw the more effectual fupprejfmg */*£" ** Ge0, u piracy, which by an adt made in the fixth year of his prefent 3 * Majefty is made perpetual, and he and they being convi&ed of all or any the matters aforefaid, (hall fuffer fuch pains of death,

Jofs 0/ lands, goods and chattels, as pirates, felons and robbers upon the feas, ought to fuffer; and in cafe any perfon or per- perfonsbe-fons belonging to any (hip or veffel wh'atfoever, upon meeting longing to any any merchant-ftiip or veflel on the high feas, or in any port, ^¥*1. forcibly haven or creek whatsoever, (hall forcibly board or enter into mwxhant^^ fuch (hip or veffel, and though they do not feize and carry foip, and off fuch (hip or veflel, (hall throw over-board, or deftroy any throwing any part of the goods or merchandizes belonging to fuch (hip or g00^ ^cr" veffel, the perfon or perfons who (hall be guilty thereof, (hall pUnj(hedaas ° in all refpefts be deemed and punifhed as pirates as aforefaid. pirates.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Ships fitted . every (hip or veffel which (hall be fitted out with a defign to out to trade trade with, or fupply, or correfpond with any pirate, and all

and every goods ana merchandizes puj on board the fame for	ha]f

any intent or purpofe to trade with any pirate, felon or robber to the crown, on the feas, (hall be ipfo fafto forfeited; pne moiety thereof to halt to the dif-the life of the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, the other covcrc«* moiety to the perfon or perfons who (hall firft make dif-covery, and give information of fuch intent or defign; and fuch perfqn or perfons who (hall firft make fuch difeovery, (hall and Tobc fuccj ^ may fue for and recover the faid (hip or veffel, and all and every in the adml. the goods and merchandizes on bozvd the fame, in the high ralty, court of admiralty.

III.	And whereas there are fome defers in the laws for bringing perfonSy who are accefTaries to piracy and robbery upon the feasy to condign punijbmenty if the principal who committed fuch piracy and

robbery y is net or cannot be apprehended and brought to juftice; be Perfons de-it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That all and every dared accefin* perfon and perfons whatfoever, who by the faid ftatute made in t0£iraSk the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King Wiliam the 3^! 7. (hallhe Third, are declared to be acceflary or acceffaries to any piracy deemed prin-or robbery therein mentioned, are hereby declared, and (hai| cipals, and be deemed and taken to be principal pirates, felons and robbers,aftcr and (hall and may, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of	•

h 3	March?

Digitized by

Google

470	Anno	oftavo	Georgii	I.	c.	94.	£171	r*

March one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, be inquired of, heard, determined and adjudged, in tKefame manner as perrons guilty of piracy and robbery may and ought to be inquired of, tried, heara, determined and adjudged by the find (tatute made in the eleventh and twelfth years of his latemajefty King William, and being thereupon attainted and convicted, lhall fuffer fuch pains of death, lofs of lands, goods and chit^ tels, and in like manner as pirates and robbers ought by dw faid aft to fuffer.*^ yiaed on this* ^• And be if further cnafted by the authority afordand, a a, excluded That all and every offender or offenders convifted of any piracy, the benefit of	felony or robbery by virtue of this aft, (hall not be admitted to

cleiEy*	have the benefit of clergy, but be utterly excluded of and from

the fame.

Seamen maim- V. And to the end that a further encouragement may be ed mfoht a- g-iven to af] fcamen and mariners to fight and defend their mips receive*’ 'rom pirates, be it enafted by the authority afonefiud. That in the rewards in cafe any feaman or mariner on board any merchant-ihip or vef-& 23 Car.2. fcl, or any other (hip or veffel, (hall be maimed in fight igatnft c\,,:fn.d bl any pirate, every fuch feaman and mariner, upon due proof Greenwich* bis being maimed in fuch fight, (hall not only have and re-Hofpital. ceiVethe rewards*already appointed by a ftatute made in the .	twenty fccond and twenty third years of the reign of King

Charles the Second, intituled. An a& to prevent the deUverirngnp of merchant-JbipSy and for the inertafe of good and feroueaUe Jea~ men, but (hall alfo be admitted into and provided for in Great-wick Hofpitaly preferable to any other feaman or mariner who is djfabled from lervice or getting a livelihood merely by his age. Mailers or fea-//VI. And be it further enafted by the authority afbrefiud, fendinKthem- ^bat ca^e anY commander, matter, or other offioer, or any l’elves again ft feaman or mariner of any merchant-(hip or vefiel which car-pirates, or who ries guns and arms, (hall not when they are attacked by any fhall utter any pirate, or by any (hip or vefiel on which any fuch pirate is on woST^all^if b°ard> fight and endeavour to defend themfelves, ami their/aid the (hip be ’ * fl*ip 01 ve^ from being taken by the faid pirate, or (hall utter taken, forfeit any words to difeourage the other mariners from defending the their wages to /hip, and by reafon thereof the faid (hip or vefiel (hafl fall into ^ bands °F fucb Pirate, then and in every fuch cafe every fiich months im- commander or matter, or other officer, and every feaman or priiomnent. mariner, who (hall not fight and endeavour to defend and fave the faid (hip or vefiel, or who (hall utter any fuch words as aforefaid, (hall lofe and forfeit all and every part of the wages due to him and them refpeftively, to the owner and owners of . the faid (hip or vefiel, and (hall not be permitted to foe for or recover the fame, or any part thereof, in any court either of law or equity, and as a farther punifiunent (hall fuffer fix months *	imprifonment.x

Mailers (hall Vll. And for prevention of feamen or mariners deferring mer-not advance chant-Jhips or veffels abroad in the plantations, or in any other parts abov /feds* wplc^ « the chief occafxon of their turning pirates, wages, while an* °f ireat detriment to trade and navigation^ and is chiefly ossa-

fumed

Digitized by v^ooQle

Anno ofljavo^G»oRGXJ I. c.24.	471

** fiofud by the miner or owners of /hips or vejfels, paying wages to the beyond Tea, l- feamen or mariners when abroad: be it enabled by the authority ^bTe^the aforclaid, That no mailer or owner of any metchant-lhip of fumadvanced, veflel (hall pay or advance, or caufe to be paid or advanced to to be recover-* ^ any fcamanor mariner, during the time be (hall be in parts be- ed in the ad-** yond the feas, any money or effetfs upon account of W3ge$, ”dra,ty ^thf ■* exceeding one moiety of the wages which (hall be due at the1 wm€r* tfc time of luch payment, until fuch Ihip or veflel (hall return to Great Britain or Ireland, or the plantations, or to feme other of hi his Majelly’s dominions whereto they belong, and from whence zx they were firft*fitted out; and if any fuch mafter or owner of i; fuen merchant-ihip or veflel (hall pay or advance, or caufe to be a paid or advanced, any wages to any Teaman or mariner above yhe (aid moiety, fuch mailer or owner (hall forfeit and pay double a	the money he (hall fo pay or advance, to be recovered in the

*	-high court of admiralty, by any perfon who (hall firft diicover .

in and inform of the lame,

c VIII. And whereas great interruptions and inconveniencies may at- Commander g	1tend his Maje/iy's finite* by the captains or commanders, or other of a	man of

r	officers of his Majejlf s /hips or vejfels of war, their receiving ^ war,	who after

al	poard fuch /hips or vejfels goods and merchandizes, and trading there-

with contrary to in/lruflions, which fricily forbid their thing the any goods on j fame: to prevent therefore the faid interruptions and inconve- board, except a niencies for the future, be it enadled by the authority aforefaid,

_ That in cafe any captain, commander, or other officer of any rf;

of his Majefty’s (hips or veflels of war, whether fuch (hip or mand, be ini f| veflel (hall be employed at home or abroad, fhall from and after capacitated, the twenty ninth day of September in the year of our Lord one and lofe his thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, receive on board, 0rsomuboftbie permit to be received on board, fuch (hip or veflel of war, any ■ goods or merchandizes whatfoever, in order to trade or mer- teas thepunijb-chandize with the lame, either upon his owj* or any other per- *** to be in-Ton’s account, except jg6ld, filver or jewels, and except the goods&***& *<ov# or merchandizes belonging to any merchant-(hip or veflel which	vtfxr

, may be Ihipwrecked, or in imminent danger of being (hipwreck- $cer% u re-cd either oh the high feas, or in any port, creek or harbour, peoUd by writhin his Majefty’s dominions at home or abroad, or elfewhere, l*Gca*.c.33. in order to the preferring them for their proper owners; and except fuch goods or merchandizes as they fhall at any time be ordered to take or receive on board, by order of the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiflioners for executing that office for the time being, or any three or more of them ; every fuch captain, commander or officer of any of his Maje-(hips or veflels of war fo offending, (hall upon his being convicted thereof by a court martial, lofe and forfeit the command and office he then (hall have in the faid (hip or veflel of * war, and (hail be, and he is hereby for ever afterwards rendred uncapable to ferve any longer in the fame, or in any other place or office in the naval fervice of his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceflbrs; and fuch captain, commander, or other officer offending gs aforclaid, (hall as a further punilhment for his laid offence,

H h 4.	lofe

Digitized by LjOOQle

Such commander and the proprietors of the jroods (hall forfeit the value thereof, to the difeoverer, and Greenwich Hofpital. 'fobc recovered in the admiralty.

To extend to Afia, See.

To be taken as a publick and be in force forfev^n ycfirs, &c.

II. S. c. 6.

In what manner the rolls appointed by 13 H. 8. c. 6. to be made of recognizances in the nature of a ftatute-ftaple, after March a5, i^iz. (hall be varied.

Anno octavo Georgii I. c. 15;	[1711,“

lofc and forfeit to his Majefty, his heirs ■and fucceflors, all the. wages due to him for his fervice in the (hip or veflel of war whereunto he (hall belong, when or at any time after fuch offence (hall be committed.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid captain commander, or other officer of the faid (hip or veflel of war,

all and every the owners and proprietors of fuch goods or merchandizes put on board fuch (hip or veflel of war as afore£u&,

(hall lofe, forfeit an<J pay the value of all and every fuch goods and merchandizes fo put on board as aforelaid -K one moiety of iuch full value to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall make the firft difeovery and give information of or concerning the faid offence, the other moiety of fuch full value to and for the ufe of Green-with Hofpital, all which forfeitures (hall ai>d may be faed for and recovered in the high court of admiralty.

X.	And be it alfo cnafted, That this adt (hall.extend to all

his Majesty’s dominions in Afia, Africa and America, and (haH be taken as a publick a&, and (hall continue in force for ieven years, and from the twenty-fifth day of March one thotflami (even hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.	by	2	Geo.

2. c. 28. fedt. j.

CAP. XXV.

An all for	fupplyingfome	defefts in-the of the tweatf

(bird of King Henry the Eigh, intituled. An aft for obligations to be taken by two chief juftices, the mayor of the ftaple, and the recorder of	,	and	for	fel-

ling down the time of Jigning judgments in ty of Wales, and counties palatine.

WHEREAS recognizances in the nature of a	,

which are by the ftatute of the twenty third of King Henry the Eighth, appointed to be taken by the two chief	the

mayor of the Jiaple, and the recorder of London, are common anj beneficial	fecurities-, but in regard the fame are liable to damage and

lofs that may happen by fire, and otand by reafon of difficulties arifing by defefts in the faid	great	inconveniencies	do

accrue to his Majefiy's fubjefts: for remedy thereof, and for making the faid fecurity more effe&ual, be it epa&ed by the King’s inoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefenf parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fifth day of March which (hall be in the year , of our Lord one thoufand fpven hundred and twenty two, the rolls appointed by the faid recited ftatute to be made of fuch recognizances, (hall be varied and made in manner following ; (that is to fay) The clerk of the faid recognizances for the time being, or his deputy, (hall yearly from thenceforth prepare aod keep three parchment-rolls as ufual, and (hall at tfye time: of acknowledging of pvery fuch recognizance, fairly write 6	or

Digitized by Google

ty?1-]	Anno o£tavoGEoRGiiI. c.25.	473

or ingrofs, inftead of the heads or contents thereof, on the faid rolls, the foil tenor, in hac verba, of every fuch recognizance; and that one of the faid rolls (hall contain all the recognizances to be taken before the chief juftice of the King’s bench for the time being; and one other of them (hall contain all the recognizances to be taken before the chief juftice of the court of common pleas for the time being ; and the other of them (hall con-1 tain all the recognizances before the mayor of the ftaple at JVeJl— minfter and recorder of London for the time being} and that at 1 the time of every fuch acknowledgment the refpedtive perfons,

* before whom fuch recognizances (nail be taken, and alfo the f party and parties acknowledging the fame, (hall alfo ftgn their re-i lpe6tive names to the roll or inrolment of every recognizance fo taken under the inrolmpnt thereof, as well as (ign and feal the fame recognizance j and that all the faid three rolls fo figned i fhall at the end of every year be fixed together, and be thereby

i	tnade one roll, as accuftomed, and be and remain in the cuftody Clerk of the

of the clerk of the recognizances, or his deputy, in his publick recognizance# office in London or Miidlefex, who (hall keep a docket to refer	doCT

To the faid roll or rolls, for the benefit of fearches by purchafers fcarche#.

t and others (as ufcd tp be) to which docket alfo (hall be added the day, month and year pf every fuch acknowledgment.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Any lofc liap-"That in cafe any lofs or damage (hall happen to any fuch re- pening tofucb

ii	cognizance, the fame (hall and may, from any of the faid rolls,

i fo to be kept in the cuftody of the faid clerk, or his deputy, ficdby the in order to have procefs thereon, be by him or them, by certi- clerk, or his :	ficate under his or their feal, certified into chancery in like man- deputy, into

1	ner as recognizances by the faid recited a<ft are directed, and as	6

i if the faid recognizance had not been loft or damaged; and that a tranfeript’ to fuch certificate, and all other certificates of fuch recognizances, of the entry fhall be annexed a true tranfeript of the entry of fuch recogni- to be annexed zanpe to be taken from the faid roll or rolls in his or their ccrtl" cuftody; apd further, that in cafe of any fuch lofs or damage, a n * like certificate, with fuch tranfeript annexed as aforefaid, (hall be made,* and be left and remain with the clerk of the petty-bag-office in chancery, and (hall be as good and effe&ual as if the faid recognizance under feal had been left in the fame office, as hath been ufed upon the iffuing out of procefs in the fame office; and that jn order to prove fuch ftatutes and recogni-and in cafe of zances, in cafe of any fuch lofs, or damage, a true copy or co-pies frQm the faid roll or rolls, in the cuftody of the faid clerk,	9

or his deputy, made and figned by the faid elerk or his deputy, fhall be good and duly proved, (hall be deemed good evidence of fuch recog- evidence of nizances, and be of the fame validity, to all intents and pur- fucil ®atutc* pofes, as if Jhe faid original recognisances were produced under feal.

III. And whereas by the faid Jlatute of the twenty third of King *3 H8. c. 6c Henry the Eighth, there was due to bis Majejly a fee of one half- The profecu-penny in the pound (according to the value or fum tntred into and{^rinto^the (untamed in every fuch recognizance), to be paid on fealing the firft note

procefs

Digitized by v^.ooQle

/

474	Anno	o&avo	Georgii I. c. 2 j.	[1721^

teftifying the prxefs ftt every fucb	recognizanc, as the faid a3 • is appointed,

fumintended wLUh is very heavy on every on every fucb o^be extend- by reafon fucb funs Jo entred into, is	only intended as a	penalty for the payment of a lejfer fum, or	damages	foe

the non-performance of covenanor ; and whereas the fees and charges taken, or demanded	in	getting	an

execution, and- Liberate and', ppfftffien or feiftn, executed-on every fucb recognizance, are very expenjibc, in regard the fame are not fettled: tor remedy in ail and every-the faid cafes, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the profeeutor of every fuch recognizance (hall, at the time of fuing out the firft pro* cefs, or a writ of extent.thereon, deliver in to the officer (who (hall make out fuch procefs or extent) a note in writing under his hand, teftifying the fum or value of the damages thereby intended to be extended'or levied thereon, which Arm ot value the faid officer (hall infert in the faid writ to be oolj extended On* halfpenny or ]eyied thereon, and no more ; and that the laid poundage of RrTtobetaken one halfpenny payable on all procefs as aforefeid, fhall be taka u poundage, and pud only for every pound, according to the £ud fum or value fo infertcd, and intended to be extended or levied as a» forefaid, and not otherwife.

In what cafes IV. Provided always, and it is hereby farther enafied by the tb* chancery authority aforefaid. That in cafe it (hall, at any time or tane^ extent!.*™ *** ^)c^0rc or after the filing or returning of any Liberate or Lob-rates fued out on any fuch extent or extents, be made^pcar to the court of chancery, that fufficient has not bees eemdod and kvied, or fufficiently extended and levied, to fitisfy (uth recognizance, or that any omiffion, error or miflake huiop-pened in making, fuing out, executing ,or returning any of the laid writs, or any procefs thereupon; or (hould it happen that any lands, tenements or hereditaments, fhall hereafter be eric-tea from any perfon or perfons, who (hall have extended the fame by virtue of any fuch writ or procefs as aforelaid; tint then and in every fuch cafe the faid court of chancery (hall and may award one or more re-extent or re-extents for the fetisfying the lame as aforefaid, and that writs of Liberate or LibtrsUs may be filed out thereupon; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

No&eriff (hall V. And be it further ena&ed by tbe authority aforefaid. That take aorefees.no (heiiff of any county (hall take for the extent and Liberate, than are ap- atuj	Habere facias poffeffionem or	, on the real eftate, and

•a" Geo? 77levy on the perfonalettate, by virtue of fuch extent, any moo c,(e£t. 16. than the fame fees as are appointed by an aft made in the drini year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An for the better regulating the office of Jheriffs, and for afeertaining their fees, pnd the fees for fuing out their patents and pajftng their for executing a writ of Elegit and Habere facias p»Jfefftonem or Betftnam, under the like penalties and forfeitures^ and to be in like manner recovered againft every (heriff qr perfon therein offending, as the fame are mentioned and appointed in and ky the feme a<5t.

VI. And

Digitized by v^ooQle

475

x?2i.] Anno oftavo Georgii I. c. 26.

VI.	And whereas the provifion which by an aft of parliament made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second\ inr tituledy An ad for prevention of frauds and perjuries* was made jfor fitting down the day of the month and year of figning judgments in his Majejly's courts of Weftminfter hath proved very beneficial to purchaferSy but hath not yet been extended to the courts of the principality of Wales, or of the counties palatine: be it therefore en-a&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thotifand feven hundred and twenty two, any judge or officer of any of the courts of great feffion in the principality of IValety or courts of feffion in the counties palatine of Chejlery Lancajler and Durhamy that (hall fign any judg* naents, (hall at thefigning the fanfe, without fee tor doing the fame, fet down the day of the month and year of his fo doing, upon the paper-book, docket or record which he (hall fign, which day 01 the month and year (hal^be alfo entred upon the xnargent of the roll of the record where the faid judgment (hall be entred, and that fuch judgments, asagainft purchafers bona fide for valuable confideration of lands, tenements or hereditaments to be charged thereby, (hall in confideration of law, be judgments only from fuch times as they (hall be fo figned, and ihall not relate to the firft, day of the feffion whereof they are centred, or the day of the return of the original or filing the bail $ any law, ufage or courfe of any court to the contrary notwith-ftapding.

1	CAP.	XXVI.

An a£t for better fitpplying the city and liberties of Weft* minfter, ana parts adjacenty with water.

WHEREAS by reafon of the great tncreafe of buildings and inhabitants in about the city of Weftminfter, the liberty thereof y and divers other places in the county of Middlefex, there are greater ouafions for watery for the fafety and necejfary ufes of the Jaid inbabitantSy than are Jupplied by the water-works now in beingy and for want thereof \ many great and dangerous inconveniencies do happen which would be remediedy and great advantages accrue, if new waterworks were ere tied in convenient places forproviding and fup-plpng the faid inhabitants with good and wholefome water from the river Thames, by one or more cut or cuts to be made at any convenient place or places between the grounds belonging to the royal hojpital at Chelfea, and the houfes or grounds, commonly called the Neat Houfes, in the county of Middlefex, into canals and ponds proper for receiving the fame; and from thence to convey and raife fuch water into convenient refervatorieSy to be ere fled or made at anyplace or pieces between the places called Oliver’s Mount and Hyde Park, for the purpofesof this aft: may it therefore pleafe your mojl excellent Majefiyy That it may be enafiedy &c.

Commiffioners appointed for (applying the city and liberties of Weftmin-fter, and parts adjacent with water from the Chelfea Waterworks. »Pcr-(bitf interrupting, pulling down, &c. the waterworks, (hall forfeit to the

com-

#9 Car.a.c. 3. fe«5t. (4.

How judgment fhafi be figned in the courts of the grand feffion in Wales, and in the courts of feffion in the counties palatine, and from'what time they (hall relate.

Digitized by v^ooQle

476

Anno oftavo Georgii I. c. 27.

commiflioners treble damages. Sec. The crown may by letters psMUs incorporate tbe Commiflioners, who may porchafe lands not' exceedtag 10001. per annum. The crown may likewifc by letters patents napswer them to make by-laws, and inflift penalties far the bteacb thereof. The commi(boners may maintain and cleanfe their wateroourfes, nuke new ponds. See. Perfons calling into the watercoorfcs, See. any fifth, Ac. at doing other annoyance thereto, (ball forfeit 40 s. with double dmm*ga*nd full cofts of fuk. Commiflioners, before theyintermeddle with any faads, fee. (hall firft agree with the proprietors. They may ky pirn is byways, but (hall repair the fame. They may lay pipes through any Greets pr common grounds about Wefhninfter, making good tbe fame, and car-

Saway the rabbi (h. At the reaueft of the inhabitants the comsmU ■s (hall (et up pipes upright in the likenefs of pumps, for conveying water into fire-engines. Locks to be fitted to filch pipes, and churchwardens to keep the Keys. This aft (hall not hinder the new river company. See. from enjoying all lawful rights. See. No proprietors of waterworks, fhall hinder, See. the laying. Sec. of the faid pipes. Sec. No (hirer (half transfer his (hare till water be brought into the refervatory intended tp be made near Oliver's Mount.

CAP. XJCVII.

An aft for tbe better preventing abufes committed in weighing and packing of butter in tbe city of York:

FORASMUCH as butter is vne of tbe chief commodities of the product of feveral parts of the county of York, and county of the fame city, and great quantities tbereqf are brought into tbe dty of York, from thence to be tranfported beyond the fids, and otberwi/t difpofed of : and whereas there hath, time out of mind, been tntben toe faid city a free marketfor butter, which for many yean lafi pofl hath *been kept in Mickfegate in the faid city: end whereas the bringing of butter to the faid market, where the fame was /torched and weighed, hath been found to be the jnofi effectual means of preventing the falfe weighing and packing of butter, and did formerly gain a great reputation, both at home and abroad, to butter brought to the Jaid market; but of late years feveralfarmers of dairies, owner s, and other traders in better, the better to conceal the falfe weighing and packing of their butter, to be by tbejn difpofed of have neglected to bring the fame to the faid market to be /earthed and weighed, by means whereof not only the traders in the faid cpirtrpoditj at home, but foreigners alfo have been greatly deceived in the weight, goodnefs and foundnefs thereof and thereby the faid commodity yields not that price, nor is fold in Juch quantities, as otberwife it would be: for remedy whereof and for tbe better encouraging the faid butter-trade, and (in order thereunto) for the better preventing the frauds and abufes in the weighing and packing of butter $ tuav it pleafe your moft excellent Maiefty (^t the humble requeft.of the mayor and commonalty pi the faid city) that it may be enabled, &c.	’ t

After March 25, 17*1. Micklegate, or any other place in York, (at the elc&ion of the mayor, £c.) (hall every day in the week, except Sundays, be a free market tor butter. All butter brought to York to be fold, ex* ported, &c. (hall be weighed, (torched and fealed at the market at oqe half-penny a firkin, See. Dairy farmer. See. felling or tranfporting butter before it be brought to the market to be viewed, «c. fhall forfeit (brevity firkin, &c. 3 s. 4 dr One half to the poor, where, dec. the other to trie

• informcf>

Digitized by i^.ooQle

1721Aimo otfavo GsorgII I. c.28,29.

informer. If any firkin, &c. of butter, foallbe faulty in quantity or qua* Jity» the owner mall be liable to the forfeiture# in 13 Sc 14 Car. t. c. a6. Profecuticm to be in four months. The mayor to appoint the fearcher, who ill all be fwora at Eafter feflions. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to quart er-feffions, whole determination (hall be final. / This aft ihaU not extend to any vcflel, containing only four pounds or under.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft far fuppfying the records of the commjfary court of Aberdeen* burnt or loft in the late fire there.

WHEREAS an accidental dreadful fire happened within the town of Aberdeen, en or about the thirtieth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and twenty one, whereby the office * commonly called the emmiffar clerks office, was fuddenly conJumedy and at the fame time the rtgifiers and records therein of all tejtaments and confirmations, all afls of curacy, judicial renunciations, ratifications , decreats, difpofitions, bonds, bills, and other writs and evi~ dences, together with the principal writings themfelves, then in the faid office as the warrants of extracts and precepts, were inttrely burnt and defrayed, whereby many perfons are and will be in great danger of lofing their rights, by reafon the extracts of fuch writings and precepts as are in their hands, will not be fufficient, as the law now Jlands, to defend Jhem againft afttons of improbation: for relieving therefore of fuch perfons, and for preventing any incon-veniency or prejudice that may at any time happen to them from fuch a&ions of improbation, be it ena&ed, &c.

€Tbu ad u made more eftSbuil by 9 Geo. t. c. sc. Perfons who before March *5* *7*3* Audi ** pofleffed of any extract or precept given out of the cbmmiflary court of Aberdeen fince Oftober 30, 1621, andbefore Oftober 30, 17s 1. may, before March *5,1713. tender the fame to the clerk of the cnrntnifTariot, which fhall be markedby the commillar, who, together with his clerk fhall fign a minute, &c. which (hall be of the fame authority as the old extrafts before they were burnt. The ext rafts delivered in fhall remain in the office.. Extrafts produced in procefs fhall be deemed fufficient to fatisfy the produftion in any aftion of improbation, &c. The lords of foflion are to find the produftion fatisfied in any aftion of impro-bation, by the depofited extraft. The lords of feffion mall make up the tenor of fuch writings* as they think fufficient evidence that fuch writings were recorded. The clerk or his deputy to give notice to perfons in-terefted in writings fo burnt.

CAP. XXIX.

An aS for preventing delays in the execution of the truft repof-ed in the governors of the	bo of King James, founded

in Charter-Houfe, at the charges ^Thomas Sutton, for the benefit of the faid bofpital.

WHEREAS the governors of the bofpital of King Tames, founded in Charter-houfe within too toitnty «/Middtefcx, at the humble petition and only	tofts and charges Thomas Sutton,

efquire, art a body	torpor ate and polititi, by the name of the governors of the	lands, pofimons, revenues and goods of the hojpital of King

James, founded in Charter-Houfe within toe tounty of Middlesex,	at the bumble	petition-awl only end charges o/Thoma$ Sut-

ton,

Digitized by UooQle

Anno o&avo Georgii L c. 30,31.	[17

ton* efyarre.	whereas the number of the feed governors is fa-

teeny end tmfeqnently,	f&r feid mother is fnll, by hew there

mo ft be nine ef the faidfatten prefat to moke any carper ate qffcushJy, or do any tor per ate a& : and whereas by reafm ef the great quality and fattens offeveral ef the governors, andthe difance ef their r+-jpetltve habitations and pious ef abode, it is by experience fund difficult to get an ajfiembly efnine,fe often as the affairs ef the fa corporation do require; and inafmucb as by law the confat of five is [efficient to do a corporate off, fnppeftng nine to he prejaei: may it therefore plcafe your Msgcfty, That it may be ended* &7.

The ads and deeds of any fire of the governors of tbe Charter Hbd^ih.

1 y aflcmbled there, Audi be deemed the ads and deeds ef the corporation, as if done at a corporate meeting by ail the governors.

10Ge0.itC.36.

Preamble reciting the laft will of William Scve-nocks.

Recital of the letters patent of Queen Elisabeth.

CAP. XXX.

An ad for repairing the highways from the Stone's End at White Chapel church in the county of MiddWex, to Shenfidd, and to the fnithenaaft part of the pariih of Woodford, leading to the town of Epping in tbe county of Effex.

CAP. XXXI.

An ail to veft the ground, wharf and key, called Wool Key, in the parijh of All-Saints Barking in the city of London, with the buddings and warehaufa thereupon, in truftees for bis Majefty, bis bars and Jucctffbrs for every JubjeS to an agreement made on bisMajeftfs behalf with the wardens and affifiantsof the free febool in Sevenoake in tbe county of Kent.

WHEREAS William Seven ocks, citizen and grocer of London, by bis laft will and teftament, bearing date the fourth day of July in the year of our Lori one tboufand four hundred and thirty two, did give and bequeath all his lands and tenements, and the buildings thereupon, with all their appurtenances, which be then lately had by feoffment from Margery Walton, in Petty Wales Street in tbe parijh All-Saints Barking, near tbe tower ^/"London, to the reftor, vicar, churchwardens and other parifaoners ef tbe town of Sevenocks in the county of Kent for ever, upon Craft out of the rents and profits thereof, to find and maintain for ever one mafier well Jkilled in grammar, and a batlhelor of arts, who Jbould beep a grammar-febool in fome convenient houfe within the find town {/‘Sevenocks, to be purchafed with bis goods at the dificretion of bis txecutors; and liiewife out of the faid rents and profits for ever, to give and pay to twenty poor mm and women of the find parijh quarterly, ten fallings a-piece, who fauld live within the fiend team in houfes to be purchafed for them by his executors, and for other charitable purpofies in the faid will mentioned: and whereas her late Mo-jejly Elizabeth Queen 0/* England, by Utters patent under tbe groat fal of England, bearing date the fir ft day of July in tbe fircond year of her reign, did grant, That there Jbould be for ever in tbe town of Sevenocks aforefaid, a free grasmar-fcbooL, called the grammar-fchool of Queen Elizabeth, for tbe education, injtitution and iajftruc-tion y children and youth in grammar and other learning 3 and that in

the

Digitized by v^ooQle

479

•a721.*) Anno-oA^ro Georgii I. c. ji;

Zbe parijh of Sevenocks there Jhould be an incorporation y to umBft of *tvo wardens of the faii parijh ef Svennocks, and of the free fcbool^ aand of four affijktnts, inhabitants of the faid town and parijh, by the ‘name of the wardens and four affiants of the town end parijh of Sc--venocks, and of the free fchool of Queen Elizabeth in Sevenocks; esnd afterwards by an aft of parliament > puffed in the thirty ninth year Recital of the of the faid Queen's reign, intituled, An a& concerning the fchool 39 Eli*.

- of Sevenths, tbei'ein reciting, That for many years there had been in the find town and parijh of Sevenocks one bofpital or alms-houfe for relief of the poory and one free fchool for the teaching of youthy which bad been at Jirfi eroded by the find William Sevenocks, citizen and grocer of London, who by his left will and tefiament endowed the famey as therein mentioned, and that Jiteh endowment bad been after-wards augmented by others; it was cnadedy That for the better eftab-Cijhment of the faid incorporation, every article and claufe in the faid letters patents Jhould for ever be and remain of force and validity in law* according to the true meaning and purport thereof \ and that the faid wardens and offifiantSy and their fuccejfors for every Jhould quiet-ly have and enjoyy to the ufe of the faid Jcboof and poor people, the 'tneffhageSy lands y tenements, rents and hereditaments, on them be-fotuedy with the appurtenances, without any let or eviction whatfoe-wr% according to the charitable and true meaning of the founders and benefactors: and whereas feveral warehoufes or other buildings bane been ereded upon part of the lands in the faid parijh of All-Saints Barking near the tower ^London, which were devifed by the faid William Sevenocks for the charitable purpofes aforementioned, and the remainder thereof hath been converted into ana ufed as a wharf or key for landing goods ony and the fame wareboufesy wharf or leyy nave been ufually lety\ from time to tmey by leafes from the wardens and effiftants of the faid town and parijh of Sevenocks, and of the free fchool of Queen Elizabeth in Sevenocks, all which are now expired: and whereas it would prove of great advantage to the faid charity, if the faid wardens and ajjiftants were enabled to raife by the difpofition of the faid warehoufes, wharf or ieyy it competent fum of money to be tmployed in rebuilding, repairing, furmjhing and fitting up the find free fchooly and hofpital or alms-boufesy all which are much out of repair , and in inlarging the fame, and for other charitable ufes appointed by the find wiU\ and hkewife obtain a fettled revenue for the better fupport and maintenance of the faid charities in all times to come 5 and it would be likewife for the fervice of his Maitjly and the publici> if the faid warehoufes, wharf and key, might be purchafid for the ufe of or in truji for his Majejlyy his heirs and JucceJforsy as lying contiguous to bis majejlfs prefent cuflom-boufey thereby the fame may be built or fitted up for warehoufes y offices or other tonvenienciesfor merchants, or the commiffioners of his Majejlfs cufiomsy and officers employed in the managing or collecting the revenue arijing by the faid cuftoms; whereupon his Majejly, out of his pious inclination to promote fo ufeful and beneficial a charity, and to advance the publick good* bath gracioufiy been pleafed to fignify his royal pleajurey That the Iaid wardens and affifiants Jhould at prefent be paid two thoufand five hundred pounds, with interejly as herein after mentioned} for the purpofes

herein

Digitized by L^ooQle

4&>

Anno o&avo Georgii I. c. 3 r:

herein after mentioned, and Jhould for the future receive the yecn rent of five hundred and fifty pounds, to be paid to them and tbdr jut-cejfors, for the maintenance of the charitable ufes intended by the Jos founder and benefactors, in all times to come, in cafe the fee-fiwpiis&i inheritance of and in the faid warehaufes, wharf and key, herein after more particularly deferibed, be conveyed and ajfured unto, or to the nji of proper trufiees and their heirs, in truft for his Majejly, kis heirs and fuccejfors, fubjeCt to the payment of the faid annual rent; wbert- j unto the faid wardens and afftfiants moft readily aJTcnud, and are willing the fee-fimple and inheritance of the premises jbculd be conveyed accordingly, fo as the faid annual rent be effectually fecured to them and their fiuceffors for ever, for the perpetual fupport and maintenance of the charities aforementioned, but are not able to make jmtb conveyances or affurances without the aid of an aCt of parUamut: may it therefore plcafe your moft excellent Majefty, That it may be ena&cd, £s7.

The piece of ground called Harts-Horn Key, See. veiled intruftees for tfce ufe of the crown. Chargeable with the payment of 2500!. with intent, and the annual rent of 5501. for the purpofes in the a&. Payable to the wardens. See. of Sevenocks. Intereft of the faid fum to be computed after the rate of 4). 10 s. per annum. Payable out of the cuftoms. The hid 25001. ^nd intereft to be paid to the faid wardens. Scc. before Man± 1$, 1712, who are to expend the fame in rebuilding, &c, the fchod, 4c. Swing claule to the crown. See.

The End	of the Fourteenth Volume.

Digitized by

Google
