Anno 27 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. To repeal an act of the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to permit persons professing the Jewish religion to be naturalized by parliament; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four.

Cap. 3. For the better securing to constables, and others, the expences of conveying offenders to gaol; and for allowing the charges of poor persons bound to give evidence against felons.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four.

Cap. 5. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 6. To repeal a proviso in an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the better adjusting and more easy recovery of the wages of certain servants, and for the better regulation of such servants, and of certain apprentices, which provides that the said act shall not extend to the stannaries in Devon and Cornwall.

Cap. 7. For the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of clocks and watches.

Cap. 8. For improving and enlarging the harbour of Leith, and to empower the trustees therein mentioned to purchase lands, for that purpose; and for erecting docks and other conveniences on the sides thereof.

Cap. 9. For punishing mutiny and desertion of officers and soldiers in the service of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and for the punishment of offences committed in the East Indies, or at the island of Saint Helena.

Cap. 10. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money therein mentioned, out of the sinking fund; and applying certain surplus monies remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; and for the further disposition of the said sinking fund, by paying the reout the remainder of the sum advanced on the credit of the duty on sweets, and the interest thereof; and for carrying the said duty to the said fund; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 11. To continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of money; and for removing doubts concerning the continuance of the duty of twenty shillings for every ton of brandy wines, and strong waters imported.

Cap. 12. For improving and preserving the navigation from Salter's Load Sluice in the county of Norfolk, to Standground Sluice in the county of Huntingdon; and from Flood's ferry in the isle of Ely in the county of Cambridge, to Ramsey High Load in the said county of Huntingdon, and also the navigation from Old Bedford Sluice in the said county of Norfolk, to the river Nene, in the parish of Ramsey, in the said county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 13. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and promotions within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpose.

Cap. 14. To continue several laws relating to the distemper now raging among the horned cattle in this kingdom.

Cap. 15. To explain and amend an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed persons going armed and disguised and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his Majesty's subjects; and for the speedy bringing the offenders to justice.

Cap. 16. For making perpetual several laws for punishment of persons destroying turnpikes, locks, or other works erected by authority of parliament; and that all acts made for erecting courts of conscience, shall be deemed publick acts; and to impower a certain number of the trustees of the British Museum to do certain acts; and for confirming the table of fees to be taken by the clerks to the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contracts of clerks and apprentices; and for filing affidavits of the execution of contracts of clerks to attornies and solicitors; and for preventing persons driving certain carriages from riding upon such carriages.

Cap. 17. For revesting in the crown the power of appointing the marshal of the Marshalsea of the court of King's Bench; and for the better regulation of that office, and of the interior offices thereto belonging; and for rebuilding the King's Bench prison.

Cap. 18. To continue several laws for prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first competed or written, and printed in Great Britain; for the free importation of cochineal or indico, and relating to rice, frauds in the customs, the clandestine running of goods, and to copper ore; and for the better encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain and to authorize the payment of the bounty to Alexander Brown and others, upon a ship fitted out for the whale fishery, and lost in the Greenland seas; and for the more effectual payment of the bounties upon British-made sail cloth to Robert Donald and others.

Cap. 19. For discharging the corporation of the governor, bailiffs and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a debt due to the duke of Bedford, and earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the proprietors of lands in the North Level, part of the said great level, to raise money to discharge the proportion of the said North Level, in the debts of the said corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers lands adjoining thereto in the manor of Crowland.

Cap. 20. For the more easy and effectual proceeding upon distresses to be made by warrants of justices of the peace.

Cap. 21. To continue and render more effectual an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road between Hockcliffe in the county of Bedford, and Stony Stratford in the county of Buckingham.

Cap. 22. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of parliament passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the county of the town of Nottingham, through Costock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to the bridges commonly known by the name of Cotes Bridges, in the county of Leicester; and for making the said act more effectual.

Cap. 23. For repairing and widening the road from the city of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 24. For amending, widening and keeping in repair, the road leading from Union Point, near the town of Uckfield in the county of Sussex, to Langney Bridge in the parish of Westham in the said county.

Cap. 25. For the better enlightening and cleaning the open places, squares, streets, lanes, alleys, passages, and courts, within the parish of Saint Luke in the county of Middlesex, and regulating the nightly watch and bedels; and for repairing the highways within the said parish.

Cap. 26. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Saint Dunstan's Cross, near the city of Canterbury, to the water side at Whitstable in the county of Kent.

Cap. 27. To explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow.

Cap. 28. For explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act made in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, For repairing and widening the road leading from Market Harborough in the county of Leicester, through Desborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and Thrapston, in the county of Northampton; and through Bythorne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to the Pound in the parish of Brampton, in the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 29. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road from Piercebridge to Kirkmerrington, in the county of Durham, and from thence to the turnpike road at Tudhoe Lane End in the said county; and for making the same more effectual.

Cap. 30. For repairing and widening the road from the borough of Leicester, to and by the north side of the town of Uppingham in the County of Rutland; and to Watford in the county of Northampton; and from thence to Peterborough in the said county of Northampton.

Cap. 31. For repairing and widening the road leading from the toll-gate in the parish of Kettering, through the town of Wellingborough, in the county of Northampton, and through Olney over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks, and for repairing and widening, or rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridge.

Cap. 32. For repairing and widening the road from a certain intrenchment on Askerswell-hill, opposite to Chilcombe Farm, through the town of Bridport to Penn Inn; and from Bridport aforesaid to the town of Beamister, in the county of Dorset; and also the road from Penn Inn aforesaid, through the town of Axminster, to the workhouse at the east end of the town of Honiton in the county of Devon.

Cap. 33. For repairing and widening the high road from Westwood-gate, in the parish of Knotting, in the county of Bedford, through the towns of Rushdon and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough-bridge, to the turnpike road in Barton-Seagrave-Lane, in the parish of Barton-Seagrave, in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 34. For repairing and widening the high road from a place called Saint Loyds, in the town of Bedford, through the parishes of Bromham, Stagsden, Astwood, Harkmead and Chichley, to the way post in Sherrington Field, where the said road joins the high road from the town of Olney to the town of Newport Pagnell, and also the high road from Bromham aforesaid, through the parishes of Turvey and Colebrayfield, to the town of Launden, otherwise Lavenden, in the counties of Bedford and Buckingham; and for applying, part of the money arising thereby towards repairing, rebuilding or widening, Sherrington Bridge in the road from the said way post to the said town of Newport Pagnell.

Cap. 35. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer brewed for sale, vended or sold within the town and barony of Alloa, in the county of Clackmannan; and also a duty of anchorage for ships and vessels anchoring in the harbour of the said town, for repairing the pier of the said harbour.

Cap. 36. For repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, through Alcester in the said county, and Feckenham, to a place called Bradley Brook, in the county of Worcester; and from Alcester through Great Coughton and Crabs Cross, in the said county of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to the Cross of hands on a common called the Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane through Church Lane and Tutnell to Bromsgrove, in the said county of Worcester.

Cap. 37. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the eighth year or the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the town of Rochdale in the county palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy mountain called Blackstone Edge in the same county; and from thence to the towns of Halifax and Ealand in the county of York.

Cap. 38. For the better relief and employment of the poor in the parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford in the county of Kent, and in the parish of St. Paul, Deptford, in the counties of Kent and Surrey; and for repairing the highways, and paving and cleansing the streets, in the said parishes.

Cap. 39. For repairing and widening the road from the north end of Bridgeford Lane in the county of Nottingham, to and through several towns and places in the counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 40. For opening, making, widening, and keeping in repair, a road from Radcliff Highway, through Cannons Street in the county of Middlesex, into the road leading into the county of Essex; and also from the west end of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell street into the back lane in the said county of Middlesex.

Cap. 41. For amending and widening several roads, leading from the borough of Truro in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 42. For repairing and widening the road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and for supplying an omission in an act passed in the last session of parliament for repairing the road from Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch in the county of Leicester.

Private Acts.

Anno 27 Georgii II.

1. An act to enable John Grainger esquire, and his heirs to take and use the surname of Leman, and to bear the arms of Sir William Leman deceased.

2. An act for naturalizing John Isaac Bazin, Lewis Ogier, Peter Guinard, and others.

3. An act for naturalizing Frederick Von Gebren.

4. An act for naturalizing Casper Grevenkop.

5. An act for confirming and establishing an exchange agreed upon between the vicar of Gilling, and James Shuttleworth esquire, of certain lands and hereditaments in the county of York, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act for vesting the estate of William Kemp esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold pursuant to articles, and for applying the purchase-money for the benefit or the children of the said William Kemp, in such manner as is directed by the said articles.

7. An act to impower the committee of the estate of Elizabeth Kitchen widow, a lunatick, one of the sisters and coheirs of Sir Samuel Newman baronet, deceased, to make leases of her estate during her lunacy.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing part of a certain waste or common, called Symondburn Common in the manor and parish of Symonburn, in the county of Northumberland.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common pieces, common grounds, and waste ground, in the manor and parish of Welton, in the county of Northampton.

10. An act for dividing and inclosing Great Shildon Common, or Shildon Moor, within the manor and barony of Bywell, in the county of Northumberland.

11. An act for establishing and rendering effectual certain articles of agreement for inclosing and dividing the common fields, and common grounds in the manor and parish of Normanton, in the county of Lincoln.

12. An act to enable the commissioners for executing the office of treasurer of his Majesty's exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with Thomas Squire, Robert Lucas, and Robert Stevenson a debt due to the crown from Philip Chapman, for which they are sureties.

13. An act to enable John Lade, heretofore called John Inskip, and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname of Lade only, pursuant to the will of Sir John Lade, baronet, deceased.

14. An act for naturalizing Daniel Mourgue, merchant, and Amy Rilliet.

15. An act for naturalizing John Ulric Commerell.

16. An act for naturalizing Paul Bonifas.

17. An act to enable William lord Cavendish of Hardwick, to take in England the oath of office of high treasurer of Ireland, and to qualify himself here in England for the legal enjoyment of the said office.

18. An act for sale of a capital messuage in Lincoln's Inn fields, in the parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the county of Middlesex, and the garden ground and out-houses thereunto belonging (part of the estate of the most noble Charles late duke of Somerset, deceased) and vesting the same in Edmund Browne of Lincolm's Inn esquire, and his heirs for ever, and for laying out the purchase-money in lands and hereditaments to be settled to the like uses, and upon the like trusts, as the said capital messuage and premisses are now settled, and subject unto.

19. An act for vesting the manor of Hendon, settled on the marriage of the earl and countess of Powis on them and their issue, in trustees, to be sold towards discharging the debts and incumbrances of Wiliam late marquis of Powis; and for settling the barony and lordship of Powis, in the county of Montgomery, in lieu, thereof; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

20. An act for rectifying a mistake in a conveyance in fee-farm, made by Henry Arthur earl of Powis, of the manor of Mount Eagle Loyal, and divers towns, lands and hereditaments, in the county of Kerry, and making the same conveyance effectual for the purposes therein mentioned.

21. An act for vesting divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Somerset, contracted to be sold by Hugh late earl of Clinton, in his life-time, in trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the several purchasers thereof, pursuant to their contracts.

22. An act for impowering trustees to cut down and sell timber standing and growing upon the estate of inheritance of Thomas James lord Bulkeley, viscount Cashels, in the kingdom of Ireland, an infant, in order to raise money for discharging incumbrances affecting the said estate, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

23. An act to enable Charles Fitzroy Scudamore esquire, to take in Great Britain the oath of office as cursitor, or clerk, or ingrosser of original writs issuing out of his Majesty's high court of Chancery in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himself for the enjoyment of the said office.

24. An act for vesting the estate of George Pitt enquire in the county of Suffolk, and part of his estate in the isle of Purbeck, in the county of Dorset, in trustees, to sell the same, and to apply the purchase-money for discharging incumbrances affecting his settled estate, and for making recompence to him for the charges and expenses or making buildings and improvements upon the same estate.

25. An act for vesting the undivided sixth part of Robert Colebrooke esquire, of and in the manor of Goldstone, and divers lands in the parish of Ash in the county of Kent, in trustees, and their heirs, to enable them to make such conveyances thereof, as shall be necessary for effecting a partition agreed upon between the said Robert Colebrooke, and the owners of the other undivided parts of the same manor and premisses.

26. An act for impowering Ann Speke an infant, to make leases and copyhold grants of her estates in the county of Somerset, during her minority, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act for sale of the settled estates of Sir Theophilus Biddulph baronet, in the county of Stafford, and city and county of the city of Litchfield, for raising money to discharge incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the surplus in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the uses therein mentioned.

28. An act for vesting certain estates of Sir Isaac Lawrence Woollaston baronet, an infant, situate in the isle of Ely, and counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, in trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, to raise money for the payment of his sisters portions, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

29. An act for vesting the estates of John Rowel Pryce enquire in the county of Montgomery, comprised in his marriage articles, in trustees, to raise money by sale of part thereof, for discharging incumbrances affecting the same, and for settling other part thereof pursuant to the said articles.

30. An act for vesting a lease granted by the dean and chapter of Canterbury, to Ann Tenison widow, deceased, of the manor of Elverton, with the appurtenances, in the county of Kent, in Peter Saint Eloy, and Samuel Smith, in trust for Thomas Tenison, an infant, and his heirs, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

31. An act for sale of part of the settled estates of Robert Barber esquire, for discharging debts and incumbrances, and for impowering him to sell and exchange other parts of the settled estates for the purchasing and acquiring other lands of equal or greater value, to be settled in lieu thereof.

32. An act for exempting and exonerating the estates devised by the will of William Huddleston esquire, deceased, to be sold, from the jointure on Gertrude Rigby, wife of Townley Rigby esquire, and for charging an annuity or rent-charge of equal value on the estates entailed by the said will, and more effectually to enable the trustees of the said William Huddleston to execute the trusts reposed in them by the said will.

33. An act for establishing and rendering effectual several settlements and agreements made and entered into by Hugh Barker the younger, esquire, deceased, for making a provision for his mother and wife, and their children respectively.

34. An act for vesting part of the estate of Charles Daly esquire, in the kingdom of Ireland, in trustees to be sold for the payment of incumbrances affecting the same, prior to his marriage settlement.

35. An act to dissolve the marriage of Charles Wymondesold Esq; with Henrietta Knight his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

36. An act to dissolve the marriage of Peter Henley esquire, with Susannah Roberts his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

37. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Maydwell with Catherine Perrin his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

38. An act for naturalizing Mary Noguir widow, and for qualifying and enabling her, out of the estate devised by the will of John Noguier her husband, to make a provision for Anthony Noguier her only son and heir.

39. An for naturalizing Charles Shreiber and Jean Francois Maximillien de Cerjat.

Anno Regni GEORGII II. Regis Magnae Britannia,e Franciae, & Hiberniae, vicesimo septimo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the tenth day of November, Anno Dom. 1747, in the twenty first year of the reign of our sovereign lord George the Second, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the fifteenth day of November, 1753, being the seventh session of this present parliament.

CAP. I.

An act to repeal an act of the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to permit persons professing the Jewish religion to be naturalized by parliament; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[26 Geo. 2. c. 26.]

WHEREAS an act of parliament was made and passed in the twenty sixth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An Act

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 2, 3. 159

to permit persons professing the Jewish religion to be naturalized by parliament; and for other purposes therein mentioned: and whereas occasion has been taken from the said act to raise discontents, and to disquiet the minds of many of his Majesty's Subjects: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[The recited act repealed.]

That the above mentioned act, and the several matters and things therein contained, shall be, and is and are hereby repealed and made void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CAP. II.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An act for the better securing to constables and others the expences of conveying offenders to gaol; and for allowing the charges of poor persons bound to give evidence against felons.

[3 Jac. 1. c. 10.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the third year of the reign of King James the First, intituled, An act for the rating and levying of the charges for conveying malefactors and offenders to the gaol; every offender so to be conveyed shall bear the charges of himself and of those who convey him; and if he refuse so to do, his goods within the same county may be distrained and sold to satisfy the same; and if he hath no goods, the constable, churchwardens and other inhabitants of the parish where he was taken, shall make a tax on every inhabitant thereof to pay the said charges: and whereas the taxing the parish where such offender was taken to pay such charges, is a great discouragement to parishes to take offenders; and it is also found by experience to be very difficult to make a rate on the inhabitants to raise such tax, whereby constables and others are often kept out of their money by them advanced for the service of the publick, and sometimes lose the same, to their very great injury and vexation: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Offenders not having sufficient to defray the expences of conveying them to gaol, &c.]

That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, when any person, not having goods or money within the county where he is taken, sufficient to bear the charges of himself, and of those who convey him, is committed to gaol or the house of correction by warrant from any justice or justices of the peace, then, on application by any constable or other officer who conveyed him, to any justice of the peace for the same county or place, shall upon oath examine into and ascertain the reasonable expences to be allowed such constable or other officer,

[Justices to grant a warrant on the treasurer of the county for payment of the charges.]

and shall forthwith, without fee or reward, by warrant under his hand and seal, order the treasurer of the county or place to pay the

160 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 3. [1754.

same, which the said treasurer is hereby required to do, as soon as he receives such warrant; and any sum so paid shall be allowed in his accounts.

[Part of the act of 3 Jac. 1. c. 10. relating to taxing parishes for conveying offenders to gaol, repealed.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June so much of the to above mentioned act passed in the third year of King James the First, as relates to taxing the parish where offenders are taken, for defraying the charges of conveying offenders to gaol, shall be repealed.

III. And whereas the expence as well as loss of time in attending courts of justice, is a discouragement to the poorer sort to appear as witnesses against offenders, who thereby escape the publick justice, and the punishment due to their crimes; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

[The charges of attendance to be allowed by the court to poor persons bound to give evidence against felons.]

That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, when any poor person shall appear on recognizance in any court to give evidence against another accused of any grand or petit larceny, or other felony, it shall and may be in the power of the court, at the prayer and on the oath of such person, and on consideration of his circumstances, in open court to order the treasurer of the county or place in which the offence shall have been committed, to pay unto such person such sum of money, as to the said court shall seem reasonable for his time, trouble and expence;

[6d. to be paid to the officer for making out the order.]

which order the proper officer of such court is hereby directed and required to make out, and to deliver unto such Person, upon being paid for the same the sum of six pence, and no more; and such treasurer is hereby authorized and required, upon delivery of such order, forthwith to pay to such person, or other person authorized to receive the same, such sum of money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the same in his accounts.

[In Middlesex the overseers of the poor of the parish where the offender was taken, to pay all such charges.]

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to impower such court, or any justice or justices of the peace, to make warrants or orders on the treasurer of the county of Middlesex for the payment of the expences of the constable or other officer in conveying any person to gaol, or for the payment of any person for his time, trouble and expence, who shall appear on his recognizance to give evidence as aforesaid; but that within the said county of Middlesex the expences of the constable or other officer, occasioned by his conveying of any person to gaol by virtue of a warrant from any justice or justices of the peace, shall (after such expences have been examined into upon oath, and allowed by such justice or justices, and for which no fee or reward shall be taken) be paid by the overseer or overseers of the poor of the parish or place where the said person was apprehended, who is and are hereby authorized and required to pay the same; and the sum or sums so paid shall be allowed in his or their accounts.

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 4, 5, 6. 161

CAP. IV.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four.

EXP.

At 2s. in the pound.

CAP. V.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

EXP.

CAP. VI.

An act to repeal a proviso in an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the better adjusting and more easy recovery of the wages of certain servants, and for the better regulation of such servants, and of certain apprentices, which provides that the said act shall not extend to the stannaries in Devon and Cornwall.

[20 Geo. 2. c. 19.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the better adjusting and more easy recovery of the wages of certain servants, and for the better regulation of such servants and of certain apprentices, divers provisions and regulations are made and enacted for the more easy recovery of the wages of servants in husbandry, artificers,

handicraftsmen, miners, colliers, keelmen, pitmen, glassmen, potters and other labourers, and for determining differences and disputes between masters and mistresses, and such servants and other labourers and persons aforesaid, which provisions have been found very useful and beneficial; but it being provided by the said act that nothing therein contained shall extend to the stannaries in the counties of Devon and Cornwall, the tinners and miners employed in the said stannaries are frequently subjected to great difficulties and hardships, and put to great expences in recovering their wages: and whereas it would be for the ease and benefit of the said tinners and miners, if the said provisions and regulations were extended to the said stannaries; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[The recited clause repealed.]

That the proviso in the said act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign (that nothing in the said act contained shall extend to the stannaries in the counties of Devon and Cornwall) shall from and after the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty four be, and the same is hereby repealed.

[The provisions relating to servants, &c. extended to the tinners, &c. of Devon and Cornwall.]

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of May all the provisions and regulations in the said act mentioned and contained, relating to servants in husbandry, handicraftsmen, miners, colliers, keelmen, pitmen, glassmen, potters and other labourers, shall extend to such tinners and miners as are or shall be employed in the stannaries in the counties of Devon and Cornwall respectively,

i6i Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 7. [1754.

as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the said provisions and regulations were herein particularly repeated and set forth; any law, statute, usage, privilege or jurisdiction whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[The stannary courts may be applied to.]

III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to hinder or restrain any person from applying to the stannary courts, or to the warden, vice-warden or Rewards of the stannaries, in relation to any of the matters herein before mentioned, in the same manner as such person might have done before the making of this act.

CAP. VII.

An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of clocks and watches.

WHEREAS many perfom employed in the making of clocks and watches have of late been guilty of divers frauds and abuses by purloining, imbezilling, secreting, selling, pawning, or otherwise unlawfully disposing of the clocks and watches, or such parts thereof, or the materials for making the same, with which they have been intrusted, to the great loss of their employers; and the laws in being have been found insufficient to prevent such frauds and abuses, and to punish the offender; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with die advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Penalty on conviction of frauds committed by persons employed in the manufacture of clocks and watches.]

That if any person or persons whatsoever, who shall be hired or employed by any person or persons practising the trade or trades of clock-making or watch-making, or any part or branch, or parts or branches of such trade or trades, to make, finish, alter, repair or clean any clock or clocks, watch or watches, or any part or parts of a clock or clocks, watch or watches, or be intrusted by any person or persons practising the said trade or trades, with any gold, silver or other metal or material to be, or that shall be, in the whole or in part wrought or manufactured for any part or parts of a clock or clocks, watch or watches, or any diamond or other precious stone to be, or that shall be set or fixed in or about any clock or clocks, watch or watches, shall after the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, purloin, imbezil, secrete, sell, pawn, exchange, or otherwise unlawfully dispose of any clock or watch, or any part or parts of any clock or watch, or any gold, silver or other metal or material, or any part thereof, or any diamond or other precious stone, with which such person or persons shall be intrusted by any person or persons practising the said trade or trades, or any part or branch, or parts or branches of such trade or trades, and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of the owner of such goods, or by the oath of any other credible witness or witnesses, or by the confession of the person or persons charged with such offence, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 7. 163

of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town or place, where such offence shall be committed, or where the person or persons so charged shall reside or inhabit (which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered and required to administer)

[First offence.]

every such offender shall for the first offence forfeit twenty pounds; and in case the said forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had, shall commit the party or parties so convicted to the house of correction or other publick prison of such county, riding, division, city, liberty, town or place, there to be kept to hard labour for the space of fourteen days, unless such forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and if within two days before the expiration of such fourteen days, such forfeiture shall not be paid, the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to order the person or persons so convicted to be publickly whipped at the market place, or some other publick place of the city, town or place, where such offender or offenders shall be respectively committed;

[Subsequent offence.]

and in case of a further conviction in manner before prescribed by this act, for or upon a second or other subsequent offence of the same kind, the person or persons so again offending, being thereof convicted in manner aforesaid, shall for every second or other subsequent offence forfeit forty pounds; and in case the said forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had, shall commit the person or persons so again offending to the house of correction or other publick prison as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, unless the said forfeiture shall be sooner paid, and if within seven days before the expiration of the time for which such offender or offenders shall be committed, the said forfeiture shall not be paid, the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered to order the person or persons so again offending to be publickly whipped at the market place, or some other publick place of the city, town or place, where such offender or offenders shall be respectively committed, twice or oftner, as to such justice or justices shall appear reasonable.

[Penalty of buying, &c. any of the goods or materials, knowing the same to be purloined.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall buy, receive, accept or take by way of gift, pawn, pledge, sale or exchange, or in any other manner whatsoever, of or from any person or persons whomsoever, any clock or watch, or any part or parts of a clock or watch, or any gold, silver or other metal or material as aforesaid, whether the same, or any part thereof, be or be not wrought or manufactured, or any diamond, or other precious stone, which shall have been intrusted with any person or persons hired or employed as aforesaid, by any person or persons practising the said trade or trades, he, she or they, so buying, receiving, accepting or taking, any such goods, materials or effects, knowing the same to be so purloined or imbezilled, being thereof lawfully convicted in manner before prescribed,

164 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 7. [1754.

for the conviction of persons purloining or imbezilling the said goods, materials or effects,

[First offence.]

shall, for the first offence, forfeit twenty pounds; and in case the said forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the justice or justices, before whom such conviction shall be had, shall commit the party or parties so convicted, to the house of correction or other publick prison as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard labour, for the space of fourteen days, unless the said forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and if within two days before the expiration of the said fourteen days, the said forfeiture shall not be paid, the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered and required, to order the person or persons so convicted, to be publickly whipped at the market place, or some other publick place of the city, town, or place, where such offender or offenders shall be respectively committed, once or oftner, as to such justice or justices shall appear reasonable;

[Subsequent offence.]

and in case of a further conviction for or upon a second or any other subsequent offence of the same kind, the person or persons so again offending, being thereof convicted in manner before prescribed, shall, for every second or other subsequent offence forfeit forty pounds; and in case the said forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the justice or justices, before whom such conviction shall be had, shall commit the party or parties so convicted to the house of correction, or other publick prison as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, unless the said forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and if within seven days before the expiration of the time for which such offender or offenders shall be so committed, the said forfeiture shall not be paid, the said justice or justices is and are hereby impowered and required to order such offender or offenders to be publickly whipped at the market place, or some other publick place of the city, town or place where such offender or offenders shall be respectively committed, twice or oftner, as to such justice or justices shall appear reasonable;

[Application of the forfeitures.]

and the said respective forfeitures, when recovered, after satisfaction shall have been made thereout to the party or parties injured, together with such costs of prosecution as shall be judged reasonable by the justice or justices before whom such conviction shall have been had, shall be paid and applied to and for the use of the poor of the parish or place where the person or persons so convicted shall reside or inhabit.

[Appeal to the quarter-sessions.]

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if any person convicted as aforesaid, of purloining, embezilling, secreting, selling, pawning, exchanging, or otherwise unlawfully disposing of, or of buying, receiving, or taking to pawn any of the goods, materials or effects, herein before-mentioned, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the judgment of the justice or justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such person shall have liberty to appeal to the justices at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace, which shall be held for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town or place, where such judgment shall have been given; and that the execution

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 7. 165

of the said judgment shall in such case be suspended,

[Recognizance with sureties.]

the person so convicted entering into a recognizance at the time of such conviction, with two sufficient sureties, in double the sum which such person shall have been adjudged to forfeit, upon condition to prosecute such appeal with effect, and to be forth coming to abide the judgment and determination of the justices in the said general or quarter sessions; which recognizance the said justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had is and are hereby impowered and required to take;

[Justices to hear and determine,]

and the justices in the said general or quarter sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable, to be paid by either party; and if upon the hearing of the said appeal, the judgment of the justice or justices before whom the appellant shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such appellant shall immediately pay the sum which he or she shall have been adjudged to forfeit,

[and to award costs, &c.]

---

together with such and to award costs as the justices in the said general or quarter sessions shall

' award to be paid by him or them for defraying the expences sustained by the defendant or defendants in such appeal; or in default of making such payments, shall suffer the respective pains and penalties by this act inflicted upon persons respectively who shall neglect to pay, or shall not pay the respective forfeitures by this act imposed upon such persons respectively, who shall be convicted of purloining, embezilling, secreting, felling, pawning, exchanging, or otherwise unlawfully disposing of any of the goods, materials or effects herein before-mentioned, or of persons buying, receiving or taking to pawn any of such goods, materials or effects.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Form of the the justice or justices of the peace before whom any person shall conviction $ convicted, in manner prescribed by this act, of purloining, embezilling, secreting, felling, pawning, exchanging, or otherwise unlawfully disposing of, or of buying, receiving or taking to pawn any of the goods, materials or effects aforesaid, shall Cause such respective conviction to be drawn up in the form and words following; that is to say.

y

Middlesex, 7 T)E it remembered, That on the da

to wit. 3 of in the

year of his Majesty's reign, A.B. was convicted before me (or us) of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of or for the riding (or division)

of the said county of or for the city, liberty or town

of in the said county of (as the case

shall be) of purloining, embezilling, secreting, felling, pawning, exchanging, or unlawfully disposing of, or of buying, receiving or taking to pawn (as the case shall happen to be) (fpnifying

the respective goods, materials or effects) the property of C. I), of in the county of

Given under my hand and seal (or our hands and seals) the day and year aforesaid.

M 3 Which

i 66

ot to be removed by Certiorari, and to be transmitted to the next quarter sessions, &c.

Justice upon complaint on oath, to issue his warrant for apprehending any offender,

and to hear and determine the matter.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 8. [1754.

Which feid form and conviction shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty's court of King's Bench; and the said justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had, shall cause the same, drawn up in the form aforesaid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and transmitted to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace, to be held for the county, riding, division, city, town or liberty wherein such conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the records of the said general or quarter sessions; and in case any person or per-forts so convicted shall appeal from the judgment of the said justice or justices to the said general or quarter sessions, the justices in such general or quarter sessions are hereby required upon receiving the said conviction, drawn up in the form aforesaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal, according to the directions of this act \ any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one justice of the peace of any county, riding, division, city, liberty, town or place, and he is hereby required, upon complaint to him made upon oath of any offence committed against this act within the same county, riding, division, city, liberty, town or place, to issue his warrant for apprehending and bringing before him, or before any other justice or justices of the peace of the same county, riding, division, city, liberty, town or place, the person or persons charged with such offence; and the justice or justices before whom such person or persons shall be brought, is and are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the matter of every such complaint, and to proceed to conviction and judgment thereupon.

CAP. VIII.

An act for improving and enlarging the harbour of Leith, and to empower the trustees therein mentioned to purchase lands, for that purpose; and for erecting docks and other conveniences on the sides thereof.

E AS the harbour of Leith, lying in the frith of Forth, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, is too smally and not convenient for the reception of shipping: and whereas the enlarging and deepening the said harbour, and the erecting conveniencies for building, repairing, loacting, unloading and laying up of ships and vessels, and the building convenient warehouses, wharfs and quays adjoining thereto, for the more commodious loadings unloading and rt- ception of goods, would be of great use not only to the city of Edinburgh, but to the publict in general^ by increasing trade and navigation, and advancing the revenue of his Majesty's customs: and whereas the lord provost, magistrates and town council of Edinburgh, being sensible of the advantages that will arise to that city, and to the publick in general, by carrying the said worts into execution, have agreed to contribute the sum of two thousand pounds Sterling for computing

the

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 9. 167

the famt; and divers other persons are willing to contribute a further

sum for that purpose} but that it is not possible effectually to carry the said works into execution without the authority of parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, 13c.

Heretors and merchants appointed of Seven impowered to act. Other freeholders to be chosen in the room of such as shall die. See. and To of the merchants, See. Heretors and merchants neglecting to fill up vacancies, the acting of to cleft. Commissionert impowered to demolish the old bridge, and erect a draw-bridge,&c. No goods to be landed or shipped but at such places as pursuant to 6 Ann. c. % 6. Spaces for publick quays to be reserved on each side of the river. The manse and garden of the minister, See. of North Leith not to be damaged. Accounts,

See. to be open to inspection of any member, &c. At the expiration of this act, the books to be delivered to the town counciL City of Edinburgh impowered to contribute 10001. Commissioners to receive other subsenp-tiens. Purchases after the expiration of this act* the same to vest in the proyost, magistrates and council of the city. The rights and privileges of the present harbour, &c. to extend to the new additions. The city to exercise the same jurisdiction over the new, as over the present harbour.

See. so as not to interfere with the powers granted to the of Proprietors refuting or disabled to make a sale of grounds, the of to appoint the valuation to be settled by a jury, which is to be paid within 30 days, and the premisses so be converted to vest in the of,

See. and deeds thereof to be granted upon the certificate of eight of the jury, Sec. The miniiler and kirk session, and heretors of North Leith, impowered to dispose of their property in such grounds as shall be necessary to oe taken into the works; the money to be applied in purchase of other grounds. Continuance of this act to the third Tuesday in June 1759. so n^r as relates to the making of purchases; and in other matters to 31 Dec.

1770, Sec.

CAP. IX.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion of officers and soldiers in the service of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and for the punishment of offences committed in the East Indies, or at the island of Saint Helena.

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, are possessed of several principal settlements in the East Indies, and of several settlements or factories subordinate to such principal settlements, and are also possessed of the island of Saint Helena: and for the safety and protection of the said settlements and places, and for the better carrying on of their trade to the advantage of this nation, the said united company, at their own tofts and charges, do maintain and keep a military force for the garrison and defence of the said settlements, factories and places: and it being requisite for the retaining of such forces in their duty, that an exact discipline be observed, and that soldiers who shall mutiny, or f ir up /edition, or shall desert the fata company's service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy punishment than the usual forms of the law do allow; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and

M 4 after

168 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. g.

[1754.

Every officer after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred or soldier in the fifty four> jf any person being mustered, or in pay as an of-

af- 6cer> or W^Qs or shall be bsted, or in l^e bid company's pay ter publication as a soldier in any of their settlements, or in the said island of of this act. Saint Helena respectively, shall at any time after the publication

of this act, in their principal settlements, and in the said island shall mutiny, of Saint Helena respectively, and within such time as such officer or desert, See. or soldier shall have contracted and agreed to serve the said united company, begin, excite, cause or join in any mutiny or fcdi-tien in the company, troop or regiment where to he doth belong, or in any other company, troop or regiment in the said united company's service; or shall not use his utmost endeavours or lift in any to ^uPPrc^s the same, or coming to the knowledge of any muti-other regi- ny, or intended mutiny, shall not without delay give informa-

j$ent, See. tien thereof to his commanding officer; or shall desert the said

united company's service, or being a soldier actually lifted in any regiment, troop or company, shall lift himself in any other regiment, troop or company, without a discharge produced in writing from the officer commanding in chief the regiment, or shall be trooP or company, in which he last served as a lifted soldier; or found (leeping shall be found sleeping upon his post, or shall leave it before re-on, or shall lieyed; or if any officer or soldier in the said united company's deserthispost, service shall, either upon land, or upon the sea, hold correfdon-or correspond ^ence w^h any rebel to his Majesty, or with any enemy of his with the ene- Majesty, or of the said united company; or give them advice or

my, intelligence either by letters, mestages, signs or tokens, in any

manner or way whatsoevfcr; or shall treat with such rebels or enemies, or enter into any condition with them without the licence of the said united company, or of the said united company's president and council, at any of their said principal settlements, or of the said united company's governor and council or shall strike at ^amt ^ena> or without the licence of the general, lieute-or not obey9nant general, or chief commander of the said company's forces; his superior or shall strike or use any violence against his superior officer, be-officer, shall ing in the execution of his office; or shall disobey any lawful oHUch^u1* coaima!*d of his superior officer; all and every person and per-ishment a*" sons offending in any of the matters before mentioned shall court-martial suffer death., or such other punishment as by a court-martial shall shall be inflicted.

The King

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That may grant a his Majesty may grant a commission or warrant under his royal rommission to sign manual, unto the court of directors of the said united com-Pany* by v>rtuc of such commission or warrant, shall have 9'power under the seal of the said united company to authorize

---

and impower their president and council for the time being, at their said principal settlements respectively, or the major part of them, and their governor and council for the time being at the said island of Saint Helena, or the major part of them, from time to time to appoint courts-martial; and to authorize and impower the commander in chief of any detachment of any of the officers or soldiers employed in the said company's service, to

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 9, 169

appoint courts-martial for the trial of any of the officers or soldiers under their respective commands; in which courts-martial all the offences above mentioned, and all other offences herein after specified, shall be tried and proceeded against in such manner as by this act shall be hereafter directed.

---

[The comman-

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when and so long as any of his Majesty's forces shall be employed to ad in der in chief defence of any of the said company's settlements, or to assist coiSTmluti-against any of their enemies in the East Indies, the power of appointing courts-martial, or authorizing such appointment as aforesaid, shall be in the commander in chief of such his Majesty's forces for the time being, over such of the said company's officers and soldiers as shall belong to the principal settlement where or from whence such forces shall be employed.

IV. And be it also further enacted, That it shall and may be Immoralities,

lawful to and for such courts-martial, by their sentence or judg- neglect of ment, to inflid corporal punishment on any soldier for immo- Courts raliries, misbehaviour or neglect of duty. martial.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That no general court-martial which shall have power to fit by virtue erf this act, or

by any authority from the commander in chief of his Majesty's consist of a left forces, or by appointment of the president aftd council of any number than erf the said united company's principal settlements, or the ma- nine-jor part of them, shall consist of a less number than nine; whereof none to be under the degree of a commission officer; pendent of and the president of such general courts-martial shall neither be the court, the commander in chief, or governor of the garrison where the offender shall be tried, nor under the degree of a captain; and that no general court-martial, which shall have power to fit by General court virtue of this act, by appointment from the governor and coun- at

oil of Saint Helena, or the major part of them, shall consist of a bsuft cna* less number than five, whereof none to b$ under the degree of a not to consist commissioned officer; and the president of such general court- of less than 5. martial shall neither be the commander in chief, or governor J^dent of the garrison where the offender shall be tried, nor under theimc court-degree of a lieutenant; and that such courts martial shall have Courts marti* power and authority, and are hereby required to take and ad- ai 1°*admi* minister such oaths, and to proceed in such manner as his Ma- ni er 041 8# jesty shall from time to time think fit to order and direct, by any rules or orders under his royal sign manual; and no sentence^sof of death shall be given against any offender in such case by prerent to con* any general court-martial, unless two thirds of the officers pre- cur in all fen-sent mail concur therein; and no proceeding or trial shall be had tences of upon any offence, but between the hours of eight of the clock in death* the morning and three in the afternoon, except in cases which Hour| of trial, require an immediate example.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the autho- judgeadiro-rity aforesaid, That every judge advocatt, or person officiating cate8to trans-as such at any general court martial, do, and he is hereby re- mit to the quired to transmit with as much expedition as the opportunity commander m of tiuae and distanpc of place pan adroit, the original proceed- original pro-

fogs ceedings.

No person to be tried a fe-

170 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 9. [1754.

ings and sentence of such court martial to his Majesty's commander in chief for the time being, in case such court martial shall be held by virtue of his warrant or authority aa aforesakl, or to the president and council of such of the said united com > pane's principal settlements, by virtue of whose warrant or authority the same shall be held; or unto the governor and council at Saint Hel $nay if the same shall be had within their jurisdiction; which said original proceedings and sentence shall be carefully kept and preserved by such commander in chief, or by such president and council, or governor and council respectively; to the end that the persons intitled thereto may be enabled, upon application to them, to obtain copies thereof according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That no officer or soldier being acquitted or convicted of any the (am? of- °wlce> b liable to be tried a second time by the same or any fence.*other court martial for the same offence; and that no sentence Sentence not given by any court martial, and signed by the president thereof, liable to be re- be liable to be revised more than once,

tha?once*

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and

may be lawful to and for his Majesty to form, make and efta-The King may blim articles of war, for the better government of the said uni-m e articles tecj company»s forces, and for bringing offenders against the same to justice; and to ered and constitute courts martial, with power to try, hear and determine any crimes or offences by such articles of war, and inflid penalties by sentence or judgment of the same, as well within the said united company's limits of trade, as in the said island of Saint Helena.

IX. Provided always, That no person or persons shall be ad-xciiu lumc u. judged to suffer any punishment extending to life or limb, by limb in peace, the said articles, in time of peace, except for such crimes as are except by this expressed to be so punishable by this act.

X. Provided also, That no person or persons being acquitted TOgnizablTby or conv^ecl of any capital crimes, violences or offences, by the the civil ma- civil magistrate, shall be liable to be punished by a court martial gistrate pun- for the same, otherwise than by cashiering. ijhable by ca-

XI. Provided also, That if any officer, non-commission offi-Offendfrs a- cer or k^ier, AwN be accused of any capital crime, or of any gainst the laws violence or offence against the person, estate or property of any to be deliver- of his Majesty's subjects, which is punishable by the known laws of the land, the commanding officer or officers of every regiment, troop, company or party, is and are hereby required to use his utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused person to the civil magistrate, and shall also be aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in the seizing and apprehending such offender, in order to bring him to trial: and if any such commanding officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon application made to him for that purpose, to deliver over any such accused person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in apprehending such offender; every such officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before two or

more of war.

No punishment to extend to life or

ed up to the civil magistrate.

Officers neglecting to defiver up such offenders,

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 10. 171

more justices of the peace for the settlement or place where the disabled to fad is committed, by the oath of two credible witnesses, shall Jj- SSce!*11" be cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Convidiaii military office or employment in the said united company's fer- thereof to be vice in the East Indies; provided the said conviction be affirmed affirmed at the at the next quarter sessions of the peace for the said settlement ^n^nda w-or place, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the president tificate trans-" and council of such principal settlement, who are hereby obli- mitted to the ged to certify the same to the next court martial. president and

XII. And whereas it may otherwise be doubted whether the ^f- council* ters and persons employed in the several trains of artillery be within the intent and meaning of this aB; it is hereby enacted by the Pfr^, cmj\ authority aforesaid, That the officers and persons employed, or SSm of arS-that shall be employed in any of the trains of artillery, be deem- iery included, ed in ail respects whatsoever within the intent and meaning of this act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Offences com-That if any of the said united company's presidents or council, mitted by the at their respective principal settlements, or any of them, or their governor or council at the said island of Saint Helena, shall after council orgo-the said twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred vernors, and fifty four, be guilty of oppressing any of his Majesty's subjects beyond the seas within their respective jurisdictions or commands, or shall be guilty of any other crime or offence contrary to the laws of that part of Great Britain called England, or in force within their respective jurisdictions or commands 5 such oppression, crimes and offences, may be enquired of, heard and m*y b* determined in his Majesty's court of King's Bench, within that part of Great Britain called England: or before such commission- Bench, or beers, and in such county of that part of Great Britain called Eng- fore commifii-land, as shall be assigned by his Majesty's commission, and by W

Sood and lawful men of the same county; and such punishment Sty^EnS" lall be inflicted on such offenders, as are usually infiided for land. offences of the like nature committed in that part of Great Britain called England.

CAP. X.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money therein mentioned, out of the sinking fund; and applying certain surplus monies remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; and for the further disposition of the said sinking fund, by paying the reout the remainder of the sum advanced on the credit of the duty on sweets, and the interest thereof; and for carrying the said duty to the said fund; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

MOST gracious Sovereign, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in

172 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 10. [1754.

parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the residue of the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, by ways and means the least burthensome to your Majesty's subjects, and at the same time to make further provision for the reduction of the national debt, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty for those purposes the several sums herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, thdt it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That by or out of such monies as now are, or shall from time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be issu-

700, 0001. ed and applied a sum not exceeding the sum of seven hundred granted out of thousand pounds, for and towards the supply granted to his fund fortfe Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred service°of the and fifty-four; and the Commissioners of his Majest/s treasury, current year, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the - time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

7>937h H»And he further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That*d.q. over- the sum of seven thousand nine hundred thirty seven pounds plus of the fourteen shillings and two pence halfpenny, remaining in the mnts2*script of the exchequer, being the overplus of the grants for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-3, 56 % 1. 7 s. three; and also the sum of twenty three thousand five hundred 9d.q. fur- sixty two pounds seven shillings and nine pence halfpenny, replus ot duty maining in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplus of the^ on co s: duties on coals fmee the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; and also the sum of thirty 7d\ surplus of two thousand six hundred fifty two pounds fifteen shillings and the duties for seven pence, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of the retailing fpi- surplus of the duties on licences for retailing spirituous liquors; quor«: a ^Ufn thousand one hundred ninety five

30, 1551. 35. pounds three shillings and six pence halfpenny, remaining in the 64V »q. fur- receipt of the exchequer, of the surplus of the funds for the lottery in the year one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, lottery hithC anc* may he issued and applied at the said receipt as part of »7i4Vtobe if- the supply granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one sued in aid of thousand seven hundred and fifty four.

the supply. jxi. jfng whereas by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of ?o Geo. a.c.i7. his present Majesty, for repealing the then present duty upon sweetsy and for granting a less duty tkercupony it was among/} other things enacted, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven % there Should be raised, levied and

175+.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. io, 173

paid* to and for tbiufe of his Majesty, his heirs and successors for every fat' every batrel of liquor made or to be made within the king-dam of Great Britain for sally by infusion, fermentation or otherwise* from foreign fruit or Jugary or from British fruit or sugary or from fruit or sugar mixed with any other materials whatsoever, commonly called sweetsy or called or distinguished by the name of made wines , for which no duty had been then already paid or Should be paid on or before the said twenty fourth day of June, the sum of twelveJbilUngsy to be paid by the maker theras; and so'in proportion for a greater or less quantity: and whereas on the credit of the duty by the Jaidafl granted, the sum of five hundred thousand pounds hath been advanced by the governor and company of the bank of England, and raised by exchequer bilhy carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum; and the principal sum of four hundred ninety nine thousand six hundred pounds, part of the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds,fiill remains unpaid: and whereas the said governor and company of the bank of England do consent that the said sum so unpaidy with interest toereony be transferred to and charged upon the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund: now for the payment of the said principal sum of four hundred ninety nine thousand six hundred pounds, with such interest as shall be due thereupon; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That by or out of such monies as now are or shall from time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the said surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues composing the said sinking fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Turns of money as by any former act or acts of parliament have been and by this act are directed to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum not exceeding the sum 499^p°l* to of four hundred ninety nine thousand six hundred pounds, to b* p?klkout °* cancel and discharge the like sum in exchequer bills, made outJ0 in pursuance of the said act made in the tenth year of his Ma- bank, to can-jesty's reign, and charged upon the said duty on sweets, as also cel exchequer such sum or sums of money as shall from time to time become due and payable for interest upon the said exchequer bills, until ^duties of the same shall be paid off, or money sufficient shall be reserved the recited for that purpose. aft.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The duties to That from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven be carried in-hundred and fifty four, the said duty on sweets shall be carried ^tJiefwking to and made part of the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund \tuna*

and shall and may be issued and applied in such manner, and to such uses and purposes as other rates, duties, revenues and incomes composing the said fund, are or shall be directed by authority of parliament to be issued and applied, and for no other use, intent or purpose whatsoever.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Appropriatkm authority aforesaid, That all the monies coming into the exche- ofthclupplics. quer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tan to be raised in Great Britaio for the service of

the

174 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 10. [1754.

The monies ^ear one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; and so much arising by the money (if any such be) of the tax thereby granted as shall arise land tax. or remain after 'all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the same act, and all the interest, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said land tax shall be satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved in the exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other acfc of this session of parliament, (intituled, An act for continuing and granting to his Maje-Malt tax, jly certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four) and so much money, if any such be, of the duties thereby granted as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the same act; and all the interest, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable forrai-and other ^e duties ^all be ktisfied, or monies sufficient shall

sums remain- be reserved in the exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; ing in the ex and the sum of seven thousand nine hundred thirty (even pounds chequer, &c. fourteen shillings and two pence halfpenny remaining in the exchequer, being the overplus of the grants for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, but not applied to the service of that year; and the sum of twenty three thousand five hundred sixty two pounds seven shillings and nine pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplus of the duties on coals since the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and nineteen: and the sum of thirty two thousand six hundred fifty two pounds fifteen shillings and seven pence, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplus of the duties on licences for retailing spirituous liquors; and the sum of thirty thousand one hundred ninety five pounds three shillings and six pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplus of the funds for the lottery in the year of our Lord onfe thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and also the sum of seven hundred thousand pounds by this act granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, for and towards the several uses and purposes herein after expressed, (that is to say) it is hereby enacted and declared to he applied, by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or ias*«od*7for*applies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued naval services. and applied, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding eight hundred ninety eight thousand seven hundred forty seven pounds twelve shillings and nine pence, for or towards the naval Cervices herein after particularly expressed; that is to say, for or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards sea services in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards defraying the ordinanr of his Majesty's navy, and for half-pay to sea officers; and for or towards building, rebuilding and repairs of his Majesty's ships, in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four,

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 10. 175

VI. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall chaplain* ia° and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not the navy in exceeding one thousand six hundred forty two pounds ten (hil- the late war. lings, for paying a bounty for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, of two shillings and six pence per day to twenty chaplains, and two shillings per day to twenty more chaplains, who have served longest on board his Majesty's ships of war; provided it appears by the books of the said ships, that they have been actually borne and muttered thereon, for the space of five years during the late wars with Frame and Spain, and provided likewise, that such chaplains do not enjoy the benefit of Come ecclesiastical living, or preferment from the crown or otherwise, of the present annual value of fifty pounds.

VII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, IO$ooool. to That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall Greenwich and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not Hospital. exceeding ten thousand pounds, upon account, towards the support of the royal hospital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the seamen of the said hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the service of their country.

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore- 123, 5651.17s. said, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there to the ord-shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, nance*

not exceeding one hundred twenty three thousand five hundred sixty five pounds seventeen shillings, for the charge of the office of ordnance for land service, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land service, not provided for by parliament.

IX. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any, o6g.g j the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may 10s. 5d. iq". to be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not exceed- the land

ing one million sixty eight thousand one hundred eighty five force* i pounds ten shillings and five pence halfpenny, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's land forces, and other services herein after more particularly expressed; (that is to say,) any sum or of which sums of money, not exceeding six hundred twenty eight thou- 628, 3151. 7$. sand three hundred fifteen pounds seven shillings and eleven , d*f0*,

pence, for defraying the charge of eighteen thousand eight hun- Great Britain1 dred and fifty seven effective men, including commission and Guernsey, and non-commission officers, and also one thousand eight hundred Jersey; and fifteen invalids, for guards, garrisons, and other his Majesty's land forces in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey> for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; and any sum 236, 4.10l. iSs. or sums of money, not exceeding two hundred thirty six thou- 6d- for the sand four hundred twenty pounds eighteen shillings and six pence Mlnorca^and halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons Gibraltar, N6-in the plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provisions for vaScotia, New the garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar and Pro- foundland, viience, for the year tie thousand seven hundred and fifty four; ^£rovi*

2 and Q

guards, &c. reduced;

176 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. t. to ff7£4*

fl and any sum or sums of money, not excee^i^ fifty feveVUfou-5d? to the out finwI-tiWce hundred fifty eight pounds* five* shillings Stifl^e pensioners of* pence upon account, for out-pensioner$*of Chelsea hospiftK jot CheUem hospi- the year one thousand seven hundred aftd fifty four; and any U* ooool to ^um or ^ums money not exceeding fifty five thou fan4 pStd&s, tuc reduced upon account of hafr-pay, for the reduced officers 'nisJ^Ma-officers of the jesty't land forces and marines, for the year one thotffatld reVfcA land forces hundred and fifty four; futjjeft to facb rules to be obfefttfel^fi and marines. t|je application of the said half-pay; asare hereafter pteffffSsi 4, 146l. 6s. 8d. concerning the same; and any sum or sums of money to the horse ceeding four thousand two hundred forty six pounds fix Thjfttftgs and eight pence, for defraying the charge for altawances tffroe several officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of guards, and regiment of horse reduced, and to the ftip!Mhbb-ated gentlemen of the four troops of horse guards, for the tyekr one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; and any sum or'f&ftii, 944l. to half of money not exceeding two thousand nine hundred fotWftitit pounds for paying of pensions to the widows of such* officers of his Majesty's land forces and marines as dlttf tfjjJdH

the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and wffo Were married to them before the twenty fifth day of Decernbefbtii thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the year one fhodfa&ld seven hundred and fifty four; which said sum of two thbftftthd nine hundred forty four pounds, shall be KTued to such peWbri or petforts as his Majesty shall, by warrant or warrants trndfet1 his royal sign manual, direct and appoint to receive the ftune^ to be by him or them paid over to fitch widows of halPBiy officers, or their assignees, according to such eftaWishments, lifts; or other directions, and with and <bbje& to such Conditions, ' qualifications, and other allowances fbrfhe faihe, as his Majesty, by such and the like warrant or warrants, ftialf 'bfe gtafefa 31, 900l. n*. pleased to direct and appoint; and any sum or fum£; bf

iid. for extra- money not exceeding thirty one thousand nme hundred pbuftfh ordinary ex- eseven shillings and eleven pence, for defraying the e*trtordiit#y pence* ip expellees of his Majesty's land forces, and other ferried, m-175h curred in the year one thousand seven bundled and fifty thr^,

io, ood1. to the and not provided for by parlianrient; and any fom or MttH'df elector of Ba-money not exceeding twenty thousand pounds* to enable KM varia. Majesty to make good his engagements with theele(storofTW

31,000l. to the Varia, pursuant to treaty; and any Aim of films of nfohey itfOf Kina of po. exceeding thirty two thousand pounds, to enable hteMcr}*fty<fd land. make good his engagements with the king of Poland^ efoftdrof4

Saxony, pursuant to treaty.

X. And it is hereby ano enacted by the authority That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, th&t Mf and may be issued and applied any fom or sums of mot&fi WWf exceeding eleven thousand three hundred ninety twtrptmnds six shillings and nine pence, upon account, for defraying ft* charges incurred by supporting ond maintaining the Attlem#nt of his Majesty's colony ^of Nova Scotia in the year one thbufMflf seven hundred and fifty three, and not provided

ix, 39»l. 6s. 9d. towards the settling Nova Scotia in 1753.

1754 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 10. 177

ment; and any sum or (turn of money not exceeding forty seven.T thousand and fifty four pounds fifteen shillings and three pence, for Nova upon account, for supporting and maintaining the settlement Scotia, of his Majesty's colony of No*ja Scotia, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four.

XL. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, 61, 5051. 791. That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there Hull^ and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money not deficiency exceeding sixty one thousand five hundred five pounds nineteenV the half-shillings and nine pence farthing, to make good the deficiency subsidy. of the half subsidies of tonnage and poundage, charged with the payment of several annuities by the alts of the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anneymd the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, to satisfy all annuities charged thereupon to the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding fi*$79t], t-s to thousand seven hundred ninety two pounds fifteen shillings, to the deficiency replace to the sinking fund the like sum paid out of the same to of the duties make good the deficiency of the duty of twelve shillings a barrel at

on sweets, or wines made from British or foreign fruit or sugar, October l7Si» upon the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and f fifty three; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding two bridge at* thousand pounds, towards-enabling the commissioners for Westminster. building a bridge cross the river Thames from the city of Westminster to the opposite shore in the county of Surry, to maintain the said bridge, and to perform the other trusts reposed in them; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding fix thou- 6, ooool. to-sand pounds, towards laying out, making and keeping in repair wards mak-a road proper for the passage of troops and carriages from the ^arlifle city of Carlisle to the town of Newcastle upon Tyne\ and any to Newcastle. sum or sums of money not exceeding ten thousand pounds, to be 10, 000l. for applied in building, maintaining, and supporting the Britishbe forts and settlements upon the coast of Africa \ and any sum or cm?hc coastP" sums of money not exceeding two thousand six hundred thirty of Africa, two pounds, upon account, for defraying the charges of the 63*1. for de-civil establishment of his Majesty's colony of Georgia^ and other frayin£tjj* incidental expences attending the same, from the twenty fourth ^entofGcar-day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, to the gja# twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding fifteen dif-

thousand four hundred ninety seven pounds three shillings and charge bilU two pence farthing, to satisfy the several principal sums remain- drawn for ing due on bills drawn from America, and certificates given for military fertile pay of two troops of rangers, one highland company, boat-^£ia men, half galleys or schooners in Georgia, and other charges 1747f thereunto belonging, and for extraordinary military services, to Midsummer one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, agreeable to the report of the auditor of the imprest.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said aids and supplies provided as aforesaid, shall not^ be ififoed and applied to any other use, intent or purpose what- no"

Vol. XXL N foev^, Other uC.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 10. [1754.

soever, other than the uses anc} perpose? for the several deficiencies or other payments tlsfied thereout by any or acts. or any particular cljaufo Of. clauses for that purpose contained in any other ad this present session of parliament.

XIII. And as to the said sum of fifty five thopfapd ppirafa by this act appropriated on account of half-pay as aforesaid^.u the application is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, of the half- the rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in

plication of the said half-pay; that is to say, That noperfoc* shall have or receive any part of the same, who was a minor, and under the age of sixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop or company, in which he served* was reduces^ that no person shall have or receive any part of the fi^rne*..accept such persons who did actual service in some regiment, troop or company; that no person having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, fhaB hive or receive any part of the said half-pay $ that no chtpl?idoffatly garrison or regiment, who has any ecclesiastical benefice in Britain or Ireland shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay; that no person shall have or receive any part of the same, who has resigned his commission, and has had no commission since; that no part of the same shall be allowed to any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to Arch persons who would have been otherwise intitled to the same as reduced officers; and that no part of the same shall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XIV. And whereas by an act of parliament made andpaffedm the 26GCCM.C. 13. twenty sixth year of his Majesty's reign (intituled, An for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money therein meth-tioned out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain surplus monies remaining in the exchequer for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this feQioa of Parliament; and for enlarging the time limited by an act of ihelafl session of parliament, for subscribing annuities after theate of three pounds per centum per annum, and three pounds ten.flail* Iin<zs per centum per annum, into the joint stock of annuities; and for other purposes therein mentioned;,) the fevered supplies which had been granted to Ins Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several uses and purposes therein exptejfed<; mou/jj which, any sum or sums of money not exceed: fig fifty tight tkcujand pounds was appropriated to he puid to the reduced officers of his Majesty's land forces and murines, fuli: ft nevertheWs Jo fetch rules to be observed in the application of the said half pay, as in 4nd by Surplus of last x^c aforesaid act were prefer ibed in that behalf: now it. is hereby years half-pay provided, enacted and declared, by the authority aforesaid, Thai to be diipoted so much of the said sum of fifty eight thousand pounds, a*i$ or shall

Rules to be observed in

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. it* 179

fl^Iifbe triore than fiitecientto satisfy the said reduced officers, according to this tides pfescribed by the said act to be observed iit the application thereof, or any part of such overplus, shalljcny# and Way be disposed of to such officers who are maimed or lost their Jimb9 in the late wars, or such others as by reason of their hto^ fervke or othenfrise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper dbjefts of charity, or to the widows or children of such officers, atebfding to Rich warrant or warrants under his Majesty's royal Ugh marlual, as shall be signed in that behalf; any thing in this awj drthe said fprmer aft, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XI.

An act to continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of money; and for removing doubts concerning the continuance of the duty of twenty shillings for every ton of brandy wines, and strong waters imported.

MAY it please your most excellent Majesty: Whereas by an act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of King Charles the*car* 1 c Stands and continued with same additions by an act made in the 15*'

twenty fifth year of his reign; both which acts were revived and further continued by on act made in the first year of the reign of^-King James the Second, and further continued by several subsequent1*c. 7.

acts; made in the fourth year of the reign of King William and 4WilL&Mary,

f'leen Mary, and in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign ofc fig William the Thirds certain rates and duties were imposed on all* ^13W1II.3. urines, veuegar> cyder and beery and also on all brandy wines and firong vsaUrc imported or brought into the port of London, or into any other port*! creeks or placesy within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, the fid several rates and duties to be applied towards defraying the charge of the coinage of gold and fiher monies in the mints of England: and whereas after the union of the two kingdoms of England and Scotland, an act was'mode in the seventh year of the reign of Sjueen Anne, whereby A thhi like rates and duties were granted and made payable for the like 7 Ann*c* 14' pdrpofety end for the term therein mentioned, on all wines, vinegary M erdeYy beery brandy wines and firong waters imported into Great Briuid; and the said acts made in the eighteenth and twenty fifth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, and also art act made hi the fourth year of the reign of Sjueen Anne, and every daufey article and fen tenet in the said act/, or any of them contained, were revised and further continue d, with some additional provisions, for thefervke of the mints in England ^Scotland respectively: and whereas by an act made in the first year of the reign of King George* Geo. i. c. 43. the Firfiy the said several rates and duties, and all the said former act si and all other a fts of parliament concerning coinage then being in forcey were revived and continued for the further term therein men-tid'Htly and a provision was thereby made for supplying any deficiency tf 'thphevciiue settled for the encouragement of the coinage: and where-toihe fetid federal rates and duties, and all the said act: concerning coin-gtfU*4*tibaJike proViftcn for supplying any deficit hey of the fsidre*

'cut N 2 venue,

180 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. i1: [1754.

venuey further continued by several subsequent acts made in the ninth year of the reign of King George the First, and in the fourth year 9 Geo. 1. c. 19.of the reign of your Majesty and whereas by an act made in the ninth Q Geo»c Jear af the reign, of your Majesty, intituled, An act for laying a* % '*5*duty on the retailers of spirituous liquors, and for licensing

the retailers thereof3 it wasy among/} other things enacted, That the duties and revenues which Should arise by the licences for vending brandy or spirits, as also the then present duties on low wines firong watersy brandy y rumy arrack yandall other spirits y whetherforeign or Brh\(hyand such duties as Jbouldarife by the retailing the same, Jbauldy from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty fixy be united to % and made part of \ the general or aggregate fundy established by the oft of the first year of the reign of his late 12 Geo. c majesty King George the 'Firjly and be issue l and applied to the itfes 125* which fa fajj sung Was or Should be made applicable: and where-

as by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of your Majesty, such only of the said rates and duties so granted by the said act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second^ as were thereby charged on the importation of winesy vinegary cyder and beer7 and all the said former acts, and all other acts of parliament concerning coinagey then being in forcey and the same provision for qc supplying any deficiency of the said revenue, were further continuex\

19*kC'H* and by an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of your Mfije-

fiy, have continuance for the [pace of seven years, from the fitjlday of March one thousand seven hundred and forty fiyey and until the end of the first session of parliament then next following, and no longer: and whereas great benefit hath arisen from the encouragement of coinage given by the said acts7 and it is therefore expediettty that an adequate revenue be settled and continued for the lite purposes-y we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do give and grant unto your Majesty the rates, duties and impositions herein after-mentioned, for and during the term herein after express-ed, and do humbly pray, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and whh % e advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons* in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That such and the like rates, duties and iirfpo-18 Car. on as by the said act of the eighteenth year of the reign of the importa- King Charles the Second were granted, and by the said subsequent tien or wines, acts were continued, for and upon the importation of wines, vinegar, cyder vinegar, cyder and beer, during the respective terms therein aD cr* mentioned, shall be further continued, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all wines, vinegar, cyder or beer, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain7 within or during the space of seven years, to commence from the first day of March one thousand seven hun-audthe recited dred and fifty four, and until the end of the first session of par-acts relating liament then next following, and no longer; and that all the said thereto, con- former acts, and all other acts of parliament concerning coinage, years. or 7 am* every of them, and every clause, article, and sentence in 7 them,

The duties granted by

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. i i. 181

WM£JnJK-Sf ^W con^ined, now, ^eing in force, shall be Jt>y of this ift continue#, ifld shall be in force,

a^Jbc July pu{ in ekdcution, for arta during all fochtimeand terrp.agi'a^e, befor^ynentioried, as so|l.y and effectually, as if the ywi^?fc Repeated and re-enacted' in the body of

jqroprl^rit a(5, '/\ 7 1

I to the cn<J the importers of gold atnd silver into the -

ttifatib£: Rnghrid; and, Scotland respectively, may not be discou- iiru^monie*debcieru^y of the revenue by this act settled for de- for defraying framing the coinage thereof; be it further enacted by the autho- the expence$ r^tyjifprefetd, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the tllc, nts'n , cpn^issioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them Scotland.an nqW. being, or the lore) high treasurer, or any three or more of the c^mraiffieners of the treasury for the time being, and they an? hereby impowered and directed, out of the monies arising fey t^ks aft, or out of any other publick supplies granted or to 'fc^gtanted by parliament, to cause so much money to be applied as mall be necessary for defraying the expences of the said mints qVEngland and Scotland respectively, by way of imprest, ' and up-9^, account, for that service, so as the same, together with the 'cpiqage duties arising by this act do not exceed in any one year ft^'sum of fifteen thousand pounds, and so as the said monies*be^Tued out of the exchequer of Great Britain, to the mailer of the mint in England, and to the master of the mint in Scotland ^(he^iycly, for the said purposes.

til. And whereas some doubts have arisen concerning the continuance of the duty of twenty shillings for every ton of brandy wines >Ctod 'firong waters imported; which together with other duties and revenues was# by the herein before-recited act made in the ninth year of , j tieretgn of his present Majesty, in manner before-mentioned, united to I a^jnaiejart of the aggregate fund: now, for removing all doubts; , <»pce^n»ng the continuance of the said duty; be it declared by cjfM authority aforesaid, That it was the true intent and mean&ig The duty of said act, to continue the said duty of twenty shillings aos. formerly vfpfl every ton of brandy wines and strong waters imported, "as granted on the f^d aggregate fund, for and during such term for tol£°f <; jracli , dny of the rates, duties, and revenues, composing the i^rfcdtcon-aggregate fund were granted and made payable, notwith- tinued as part, ltfWijW of the term for which the said duty of of the ag^ie-

1 shillings for every ton of brandy wines, and strong waters &*tc tund-

jpn/ported, was granted by the herein before-mentioned act mide in the fourth* year of the reign of his present Majesty.'

n3

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 12. [1754.

CAP. XII.

An act for improving and preserving the navigation from Salter's Load Sluice in the county of Norfolk, to Standground Sluice in the county of Huntingdon; and from Flood's ferry in the isle of Ely in the county of Cambridge, to Ramsey High Load in the said county of Huntingdon, and also the navigation from Old Bedford Sluice in the said county of Norfolk, to the river Nene, in the parish of Ramsey, in the said county of Huntingdon.

WHEREAS the navigation from the port of King's Lynn* to Standground Sluice near the city of Peterborough, % ua$ anciently carried on from Salthirn Load, otherwise Salter'^ Load Sluice in the county of Norfolk, through Well Creek and thjrvuer Nene, to Flood's Ferry in the county of Cambridge* audJrm thence through Ramsey Mere, Ugg Mere, and Whitilefea Mere, in the county of Huntingdon 5 but the navigation through the said meres being at all times extremely tedious, difficult and dangerous, and very frequently altogether impracticable; the navigation from the said port of King's Lynn, to Standground Sluice aforesaid* has for matey years been carried on from Flood's Ferry aforesaid* through'a certain drain called Whittlesea Dyke, being the safest and neorefl pqfsage: and whereat the navigation from the parish of Ranuey, and the adjacent places to the said port of King's Lynn, will be rnaft conveniently carried on by Flood's Ferry, through the river Nene, Well Creek and Salter's Load aforesaid: and whereas, the navigation from the towns ^Chatteris, Maney and Welney, to tbt said port of King's Lynn, has for many years been chiefly carried on through ascertain drain called the Forty Foot Drain, and the Old Bedford River: and whereas the trade carried on upon the said rivers* and through the said treek and drains is greatly increased, and it is become necessary to clean, depthsn, widen and four the said rivers, creek and drains, which cannot be effected without a considerable expence: and whereas the preserving and improving of the said navigations* will be a great and general advantage to the said port of King's Lynn, and the city of Peterborough*and to all the dawns and villages situate near the said rivers, and to the whole adjacent country; may it therefore please your Majesty, that.it may be enabled, &c*

Commissioners appointed for preferring the narration of the river* Inhabitants to meet annually in their vestries on Monday in Eaite^ week, and choose of Certificate of the persons so chosen tobet/anf-mitted to the other of Inhabitants neglecting to choosetroyn-roifliouers, they are then to be chosen by the of at their next meeting Vacancies of of by death, &c, to be filled up within a month. Notice to be given of meetings for that purpose. Tolls granted for compleating the navigations, vie. For every dhslder of coaty hundred Of battens, naif hundred of other deals, load of timber, eightipjudks of wool, weigh of salt, load of wheat, rape fired, linked, coalleed, barky* rye, peaie or beans, last of oats or barley bigg, two thousand of tin f,

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. rjt-15.

load of reed, sedge, hay, flax or herqp, lad of malt, tbOufand of tiles, five hundred of bricks, twenty tect ot itane, and every chalder of lime, M^xtalike fym for every ton of other goods. The toil veiled in flSe tOmimmdners. rteafure-boats exempted. ^Collector not to be keeper ofvttw^t she «nie«c /CckXrfilffumera may bwmsr a: turn not exceeding jMcft 90 the orsdit vof; M»e Oj^Is. Commissioners may make pen. Uuices, and J&t out towing paths and baiing ways, miking satisfaction to the o«fher4. conwriMfibnert may receive proposals, bet no contra&tb be

cpftcktfed wnless 15 be pfcfent. Persons intfcrvfted refusing to treat for (be lale of lands, a jupy to settle the recompense. Verdict of the jurydA' {ttdgmettt Of the commtifioners to be conducive f and to be delivered t*ffa&hlerk of tb< peace. Commissioners may examine witiieflcf, and or-

i8j

be. jury to view the places^ Commissioners to maintain and repair the foWtag' tilths; and 1H tip gates and filied, and erect bridges where necessary. Where a breach shall happen, or ther* be danger of one in any of the banks which the commUfioners are jto keep in repair, the occupiers of larfd* hfe to give notice j and 'if the same be not timely repaired, they may do it, and the expenses to be repaid them.* Conservatoxs of the Great (Leve) to erect ebb door? at the fiuices. Gates to be created at the mouth of Old Bedford River Old Bedford River and the Forty Foot Drain may btrdlednfed. ThecorilefVators neglecting to repair the ebb doors, the cont-tbiffkmers may do kr*Bddeduft the expencee out of the annual fume pay-ahk tb die conservators. The improvement and preservation of the navigations to be under the foie direction of the commissioners. Boat mallef answerable for the damage done by his boat or crew, &rc. Persons agi griefred by thO Order of any justice for offences again# this act, may appeal to the quarter fefikxis. Order of piffice not to be jguaihed for want of totmu Defraying or damaging.any of the works, felony. Commissioners pt their Annual meetings may reduce the tolls, and r^.fe them again ff ©ec^ffitry. Commissioners may summon and examine on oath yerlons jn-t tufted yqth the receipt or expenditure of money, frnd levy the balance in wfreat, &c. bydiffreis and fate; ami forwautof cjift refs may commit the ^any.

CAP. XIII.

An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and promotions within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpose.

EXP. xime given to 28 Nov. 1754.

CAP. XIV.

An act to continue several laws relating to the distemper now raging among the horned cattle in this kingdom.

CAP. XV.

An act to explain and amend an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed persons going armed and disguised and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his Majesty's subjects; and for the speedy bringing the offenders to justice.

WHEREAS by an act made in the ninth fear of the reign of Us latentajesty King George the intituled, An act for

more effectually M pbttHhing Wieked and evil-diddled persons 9.*aa* g£ing, armed and.disguised, and doing injuries and violences to .*b« persons and properties of hia Mqeny's subje^W; uad foil rfbcifpeedy bringing the offenders to justice; it is atmngft other thirds tnafhi. That if any person or peijmsfront and after the first

184 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. i [1754.

of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty three, shall knowingly fend any letter without any name subscribed thereto, or signed with a fictitious name, demanding moxty, venison or other valuable thing, or shall forcibly refeue any person being lawfully in custody of any officer or other person, for any of the of- J fences in the said aft mentioned, every per fen so offending, being the y*- -of lawfully convictei, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy: and whereas divers letters have been sent to several of his Majesty's subjects % threatening their lives or burning their houses, which letters not demanding money, venijon or any valuable efffts^ are not subject to the penalties of the said act; to prevent the like mischievousand iniquitous proceedings for the future, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present Per Pons con- parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That victedof knd- jf any person or persons, from and after the first day of May in-oHncendi-one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, shall knowingly fend ary letters, any letter without any name subscribed thereto, or llgned with a fictitious name or names, letter or letters, threatening to kill or murder any of his Majesty's subject or subjects, or to burn their houses, out-houses, barns, (lacks of corn or grain, hay or straw, though no money or venison or other valuable thing shall be demanded in or by such letter or letters; or shall forcibly rescue f Tin'af any Person being lawfully in custody of any officer or other JfodyTor such person for the said offence, every person so offending, being offences, to thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, suffer death. and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XVI.

An act for making perpetual several laws for punishment of persons destroying turnpikes, locks, or other works erected by authority of parliament; and that all acts made for erecting courts of conscience, shall be deemed publick acts; and to impower a certain number of the trustees of the British Museum to do certain acts; and for confirming the table of fees to be taken by the clerks to the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contracts of clerks and apprentices; and for filing affidavits of the execution of contracts of clerks to attornies and solicitors; and for preventing persons driving certain carriages from riding upon such carriages.

cGco.a. c. 33* WHEREAS an act made in the fifth year of the ttigpurfibis*V present Majesty fintituUd, An act to exptain, arm^andw-dermore effedhial an Sufi passed in the first year of hi* present MajestyV reign, intituled, An act for punching fikb perfimb\as JboU wilfully and mfitmfiy puli down and e^fiiyjtianp^sfar repairing

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 16. 185

fmrtMgfiigbuMyti^JMktiir tiber Mi.frky tft&td. hyMUthotify of\}an+

Ifa&mt' fir: making rwmJiavigaMt: , and att mad/ mJbt tigbtbyear tf stbe r*g*sef bitpriftnt intitul/d, An s Geo. *, c.ao*

fejadenraihe law^jnofe effectUal for punching such persons as IbaUAwHfuUy add jnaliciouAjt pulMojpi -or destroy turnpikes for repairing highways* Nor lactam other works crafted by oft ttf priliiunentfor making titers navigable, and for other purposes thetfeiri tnenhoQCd; whuh said actj expired? and were afterwards modbUn thofifttenth and fifteenth year of ah' present Maytfify reign revived, and Were to beinforce for the purposesQ' 33' thcrzhtmcMthned front the frrft day tf/'Juete oat thousand [even bun--druedumd forty two? until the first dayeffxxfrz one thousand [even bypedfrdand fdrty feuem y and wbkhby another act made in Jbe tuunimthytar of^thereign of Ms present Majesty was further tenti- ao Geo. 2x.47. hurdifrent the expiration thereof \ until the first day of June one thou-fdhSfrmmhundred and fifty four* and from tbitue to the end of the thht hent session of parliament, hone teen found by experience to be ufifulyrnd beneficial, and are neat expiring: r. may it thereforepkafe ydair/ Magcftytbatk may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Kind's naoi^iQKcrUcn^majesty» by and with, the advice and cort-fcAt ofi tfaer iordi spiritual and temporal and commonsinthis present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, The recited] Tha* the said acts fttill hr* and the same are hereby madeper- madeper-

pfenai-l viol iisiW i/j.visnr. P^ual#

-rfH. And whereat many inconveniencies bavt arisen by reafim fetter.

neha&sfor erecting courts of request* or confidence in several cities,

/nutai corporate and other places, have not been declared to be publick

lift*, be it therefore enacted, That from and after the first day All acts for

of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, all the erecting comtt

acts of parliament for erasing courts of requests or conscience ^rc<^Qy^ce

for the recovery of small debts in cities, towns corporate, other places in this kingdom, shall be deemed, adjudged and to be deemed taken to be publick acts, and shall be judicially taken notice of publick acts.

as ibth by alt judges* justices and other persons whatsoever,

without specially pleading the same,

Ub And tobereas by an act made in fbe twenty fixthyettr of thti6 Geo. s.c.* reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the purchase of the Museum or collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of thz Harleiau collection of manUscripts, ' and for providing one general repofi-toty for the better reception and more convenient use of the said collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the additions thereto$ stivamMg abut things enacted, Thae certain per font in the said uft named* md*their fucajfprs, Jbattbe trufieos for putting the said act in executionyand that they, or the maptn pqrt of them, in a general meeting diferribled, whereof the archbishop of Canterbury, the lord chancellor or lord keeper, and the speaker of the house of commens fixsH be three, fihdlin fitth manner as they Jbail think fit cleft cndwmtatatefifiUebatber persons to be dfbeiated to them in the execu-tionsi cf Mhetrufis thereby wthem rtpofid; and when any of thetru-Jlees Jo ylifted and nominated shall die, shall in like manner elect and pomnate a fitperson or persons to supply the place or places of him or them

186 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 16. [1754.

if* dying* 4*4 so talk* quotwf ofjkeifisid irujtus fa eie&mand ttomin&idyor. others fiek&ed andnmip^tdiaJnppfytfa^ phnAb-fail happen$ die r end whereas tba?pnvtrt md tmbhbmti^ given Ujht whole body of the trusttos of the British Museum* By i tk?saidal7 incorporatedi ate thereby limited tg be axerciftdby themes or the major part of thems at any general meeting gffembbd: whereas it may happen that the said archbjhopof Canterbury, I ehmi lord chancellor or lord keepers and the speaker of the haufaof eotwmmtfi tnay be hindered by tndifposition or avocation from being all of them presentvt fitch elections of trustees j and it mayalfo happen that'Met, major part of the whole number of the trustees of /£/ firfetfh Mu* foum cannot conveniently be present at every getural meeting cf tfc Elections of jdid trustees \ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That gneryi tfofteesj at ele&ioh of*& trustee, at which theiaidarchbilhapof Gan*

archbishop of ft*bury, thes lord chancellor or lord keeper, and the speakes ofl Canterbury, the botife of commons, or any two of them shall ber present, ' lord chanced shall be as valid and effectual to ail intents and purposes whatso^ lor, lord keep- ever*, as if thelaid archbishop of Canterbury, the lord chancellor cr*oTthe house* l°rd keeper^ and the speaker of the hoafe of commons, mart of commons, alfof* them p&f&ifc; 'and that the acts and orders, made fcy the or two of major part of fuel* number of the said trustees* as shall bepre* them, shall he at tmy such general meeting, so as feveo of the said.trustee* ahaas^done there-present, shall l>ave the same and thtiike

by seven tru- force and effect, as if such acts and orders were made by>rte fteejsdeemtd major part of the whole number of the said trusteesj any thiira. valid. dn the said aft or any law -to the contrary thereof in any

\ notwithstanding.*.j ?oooo r-bist

a6 Geo. it' m+. ty* 4hd vkhereds by an act passed In the last session of parliament*

*' intituled*, An act for the settling and aicertiuning the fecaap hit taken by clerks to the justices of the peace*, it is thereby emtfM*

; That the tables' of fees therein required to be* made and approved^ the justices of the peace at their resptfiive general quarter fyffmf throughout that part of Greait Britain called England, be laid before the judges-at the next affixes who art, thereby required to ratify, and confirm the same in manner as therein mntio&du andvjlwraatpa, fafficienl provision is therein made for the ratifying and coufhwing thi\ tables of fees mad*i fits led and appreyed, or Jo be madey settled and approved, by the justices vf the peace for the county of tWfefe*£ Tables of fees be it therefore enacted by tli£ authority aforesaid, That<thq for clerks of of fees to be taken by the clerks to justices of the peace, for the; ibices m county of Middlefetfi which is or ftu.U from time to time he afocto,; h^ing approv- foiled and approved by the said justices fiar the said cpwHy edat thequar-theif general or quarter sessions, shall be laid before thelofft ter sessions, to chief justice of the King's Bench, the lord chief justice of the bhriatl5cdhyrC°mmon Pleas and the lord chief baron of the Exchequer [ufticTsand 1Cfor anywo of them, who are hereby authorized and required to chief baron, or ratify and confirm such table of fees, in such manner and forot two of them, as the same shall be so made, settled and approved of, ©c wjtfa stich alterations, additions of abatements, as to the said lord chief justice of the King's Bench, the lord chief justice of the Common Pleasy and the lord chief barop of the JExchequfir^pr

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 16. 187

any two of theta, shall appear to be just and reasonable; and the said justices of the peace for the said county are hereby impowered and tequired to mike a table of fw*i fees at their next general or quarter sessions to be held for the 'fold county after the twenty fourth day of Juneone thousand seven hundred and fifty four, and to approve or alter the same at the next facceeding general or quarter sessions, and from time to time, and in like manner to make and approve any other table of such fees.

V. And, for the relief of any person or persons, who through neglect or inadvertency have omitted to pay the several rates and duties, or any part thereof, upon monies given, paid, contracted or agreed for, with or m relation to any clerk, apprentice or faruant, Who hath been put or placed to or with any master or raiftreft, to learn any profession, trade, Of employment, and to have fadv indentures Or other writings which contain the covenants, 1 articles, Contracts or agreements, relating to the service of- ftielvclerk, apprentice or fervarit, stamped within the times by the several acts of parliament for those purposes nespectively limited; or Who have also in like manner omitted to infeft and write hi words at length, in such indentures or other writings as aforesaid, the faH sum or sums of money of any part thereof received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, or agided, of contracted For, with, or in relation to every such deft, apprentice or fervanr, as aforesaid; be it enacted, That ^m,

upon'payment of the rates and duties upon monies, or stich meittdfthe pdtt'of such monies so neelected or omitted to be paid as afore- duties by 1 said, on or before the first day of August one thousand seven bun- f-0r appren?^ dfed and fifty four, to such person or persons to whom the same tices, and ten-to* be paid, and tendering the said indentures or other dering the in waitings tube stamped at the same time, or at any time on or£entur*s tob* before the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven ttarapc hfindred and fifty four, (of which timely notice is to be given in the London Oatitle) the same indentures or other writings (Kali be]good and available in law of equity, and may be giveh in the same tobe evidence in*any court whatsoever; and the clerk, apprentice dr valid, &c. servant therein named, shall be capable of following and ex-ereifing their respective intended trades or employments, as fully asif the said rate9 and duties so omitted had been duly paid, and tb^fall ftm or Turns deceived or agreed for as aforesaid, had bdih inferred; aftd the persons who have incurred any penalties by the1 omHfions afbrCsaid, (hart be acquitted and discharged of and from the said penalties; any thing in the said former aefts to thfctontrary notwithstanding.

VI. And mhtredr fibers persons through mijiahe, cibfence, or forte unavoidable accident, to the prejudice of infants and others, have omitted to eause affidavits to be made and filed in the proper offices, of the afiual execution of several cont rafts in Writing, to serve as clerks tv dttomies' and solicitors, within the times'limited and expressed by certain acts passed in the twenty second and twenty fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, whereby many persons may be in danger of inoucting the difithUties in the said act of the twenty second year of

188 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. x [1754.

his present Majesty's reign spetifitfl; it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and 'evetyperson or persons who Further time have omitted to cause such. affidavit or affidavit* to been ado. and allowed to filed as aforesaid, and who shall* on or fast day of

Etve omitted ^c^m5 fotm next> ^aufc one or more affidavit or affidavits, to file affida- to i made and filed in such manner as directed by the4laid iaft vits of con recited acts, or either of them, shall be, and are hereby.indem-tracts to serve nified, freed and discharged, from and against all penalties; "for-attorniesStores, incapacities and disabilities in the said act of th^twmty cording to'Second year of his present Majesty's reign mentioned, incoptd ai Geo a. c. 46. or to be incurred, for or by reason of any oegleft pr omigWfe in causing such affidavit or affidavits so to be jnadcapd aforesaid, according tot he directions of the said last recUe4ft&9» or either of them 5 and such affidavit or affidavits so to be m$dc and filed as aforesaid, shall be as effectual to all intentsoA purposes, as if the same had been made and filed within the.rejpp^ tive times limited by the said several la(l recited acts* or cHhor of them* - v',

VII. And whereas many bad accidents happen^and great nfijebUff are frequently dene upon the streets and highways by the negligence, or wilful misbehaviour of persons driving carriages thereon»be it therefore further enacted, That if the driver of any cart, car, dray The driver of or waggpn, shall ride upon any such carriage, not having ibvae Who <ha& ride person on foot or on horseback to guide the same (fapfc thereon, not car{s as are respectively drawn by one horse only, or by having Come horses abreafa and are conducted by fom person holding ffc person on foot rcjns of fucfi fiorfe or horses excepted) or if the driver or Ame, 1*1C carriage whatsoever, on any part of any faeet or highway* ftml or who shall by negligence or wilful railbehaviour cause any hurt or damage by negligence to any person passing or being upon such facet or highway* eyg^y hurt any per- such driver offending in any of the cases aforesaid, ar^be&g sing 116 convicted of such offence, either by his pwp, !«msession, p|: ^y9the oath of one or more credible witness -or witnesses* before any juface of the peace of the county, ridii^g, division ot*p where such offence Ihajl be committed, shall for every fuph offence forfeit any sum not exceeding ten shillings, or, faallfpc to forfeit i° s. committed to the house of correction for any time not ted. commit' ing one month, at the discretion of such justice* andnqvftly, such driver, offending in either of the said cases, shall and m*y Offender may by authority of this act, and without any other, warrant, he^p-be apprehend* prehended by any person or persons who Omll fee such office ed without committed, and mall be immediately conveyed or delivered t$a

warrant. constable or other peace officer, in order -to be conveyed before

some justice of the peace, to be dealt with according, K>|aw*

1753.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 17. 189

CAP. XVII.

An act for revesting in the crown the power of appointing the marshal of the Marshalsea of the court of King's Bench; and for the better regulation of that office, and of the interior offices thereto belonging; and for rebuilding the King's Bench prison.

WHEREAS Wi Jetties the First, by hh letter*

1W patent hearing date at Westminster the fifteenth day of May fourteenth year of hh reign, did give and grant to Sir Wil-Imrh&nkh knight, his heirs and assigns, the office of marshul of the Marshalsea1 of the court of King's Bench, to have, hold, enjoy, txertife and occupy the said office by hintfelf or thefnselyes, or hh or theit sufficient deputy or deputies > for ever-, and did alfh thereby grant techyjaid Sir Williarti Smith, his heirs dndassigns, all fees and prifih belonging to the said office, togetherr with the custody of the prison and prisoners thereto committed, as by the said letters patent, relation thereunto being had\ may more at large appear: and whereas the fee ftmple and inheritance of the said office, by virtue of fiveral itiefttf Conveyances and qffurances in the law, did afterwards become vtfieiin'"William Lenthall late of Great Hazeley in the county of Q&ft, esquire, deceastd y and whereas the said William Lenthaftf, by indenture bearing date on or about the twenty fourth day i^Feb-thousand six hundred and eighty four, tn consideration of the pent of ten thousand pounds therein mentioned^ to be advanced "and bns ty John Cutler of Westminster, in the county ^Middle- ,

U&, tkkigbt and baronet, did, amongst other things, covenant that he and heirs shoMJland seised of the fee simple and inheritance of: r " ' T-thefat&ejfki for securing the payment of the said sum of ten thousand pounds!, wkh inttrefi for the same acter the rate of five pounds fatten shillings per centum per annum to the said Sir JohrtGutfer* fr'hfs traflets therein named, at certain days and times therein men-timed, and long finu'pafi: and whereas by an all of parliament made tn the eighth and ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King % &9 wilL 3* WffiiaOnf the Third, intituled, An act for the more effectual re- c. 7. lieft&f Creditors in cases of escapes; and for preventing abuses in prisons and pretended privileged places 5 it was amongst other things provided. That nothing in the said act contained Should extend to prejudice, impeach, or lession any Jtcurky or securities for any sum or sums of money made of given by or out of the said office of marshal of the MaMialfeaof the court of King's Bench* or the profits tbttiof, by the said William Lenthall to the said Sir John Cutler, or to Edn&und Boulter esquire, executor of the said Sir John Cutler, or to any other person or persons in trufi for them, or either of them, or to subject the said office, or the profits thereof, or the person or persons in whom the same then were or Should be vefied, to any of the forfeitures or penalties in the said recited act contained, other than such as they were or might be liable unto before the making of the said act, until such sum or sums of money as was or were secured by the of oresaid mortgage Should be fully satisfied and paid, any thing in

19O Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. CV17. [1754.

the said mi ted act contained to the contrary thereofnotxmthftesHdhtg $ and in and by the said recited off, it teas amosigjt other things enacti. That all and every deputation or deputations, grant or grant), at any time thentofore made or executed by the said William Ltnthall of the fetid Office of marshtd of the Marshatfc* of the find court of King's Beixdiy was and were thereby declared void and of none ef* sett; 'and that every Juccteding marshal Should, from time to time, and at all times thenafter, be conflicted and appointed by the fend William Leothall, his heirs find ttfsigns, by and wish the conftnt in Uniting under the hand and seal of the find Edmund Boulter, bit executors, admwistrators and assigns, until the debt owing by the find WiNiam Lenttioil to the said xAmmd Bouker, as executor ofthi fgid Sir John Cutler, Should be satisfied: and whereas by an aaoant signed by the said WHfcam LenthaH, on or about the twenty fixtk Hey of June one thousand fevers hundred, there appeared to be then due from bint, and fecund by the fend mortgage of the office afire- said, the sum of twenty thousand four hundred and thirty etg he pounds* ten failings and six pence halfpenny: and whereas the said debt Was afterwards assignod to Joseph Studley late of Sj/^Nkholai'Lan^ London, gentleman deceased; and the fee simple and inheritOMfjf the office aforesaid by virtue of several mesne conveyances and aft6« rancet in the law, is now become vojled in Ebenezer Blackwell of Lombard Street, London, goldsmith, in trail for the heirs of the said William Lenrhail, and in trust that he the said Ebenotutf Blackwell and his heirsshall and may, (as there shall be oceofo*r U*- til the debt due on the aforesaid mortgage shall be satisfied) by axdu&tb the consent of the executors, adminfiratorsor assigns of thesaidjofoph Studley, testified in writing under their hands and seals, and not otherwise, constitute and appoint some person or persons to execute t6i offset of marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid, and with the like conftnt appoint such other officers as belong to the same office: and whet tenth* debt due on the said mortgage hath beenfinct a(signed to the ftveratfkr* font and in the several proportions herein after mentioned, (thaP is H say) to Thomas Martin of Clapham, in the county of >Suiiby, esquire, eight twentieth parts thereof; to John Martin of bury, in the county of Worcester, efauire, four twentieth part) thereof \ to the said Thomas and John Martin, as executors of iS§ wiH of Edward Bowman late of London, citizen and goldsmith; deceased, four twentieth parts thereof, upon the trust s in the said Witt mentioned; to John Langmore of Bow Lane, London, gentleman; as executor of the will of the said Joseph Studley, one twentieth , part thereof; to the said John Lanemore/a Us own right, one half of one twentieth part thereof $ to Edward Birch of the parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the county <?/Middlesex, cordwainer* and Ann his wife, one half of one twentieth part thereof^ <tnd>M the said Ebenezer Blackwell, two, twentieth parts thereof6*4 whereas on the first day of February one thousand seven hundred 0*4 fifty three, there was due for principal and inter efi on the aforesaid mortgage, the sum of thirty thousand three hundred and ninety Jnnn pounds, three fhUlings and tierce pence; and the proprietors ef'thi said debf hwf agreed to accept the sum of ten titoufmd and five hundred

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 17. 191

drtdpounds as a compensation and in fullsatisfatHon of and far the ^mtondwhereas theprifm of the MarfnaHea of the said court of King's ikncb is decayed by length of time> and fir much out ofre-pair? that the same'in its present condition is unsafe for the cajlody, and dangerous to the health of the prisoners\ which incorrdeniencies cannot he remedied unless the prtfbn is rebuilt: and whereas the said ffict. of marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid* is an office of great frujl end importance, and the granting toe same in fee by King James the tirfi) and the mortgaging the same under such grant, bps been a very griat obfiruBion to the due exercise of the said office and detrimental tithe authority and jurisdiction of his Majesty's said court of Km&'s Bench, and to the Jafity of the prisoners commstted to the aforesaid prfon* and injurious to the suitors of the said courts who can not nave any benefit of the aforesaidstatute made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Thirds until the dent due on the aforesaid mortgage shall be paid and satisfied: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted* arw.be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with (he advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, l0f«j9jf to bp and by the authority of the same, That out of all or any die paid to aids or supplies granted to his Majesty for the service of the Thomas and year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, any firm °* {ohn^aM-n, fcms of money not exceeding the sum of ten thousand five hun- ^ore.Edward dred pounds mail and may be issued and paid to the said Thomas Birch and Martin* John Martin, John Langmore* Edouard Birch and Ebe- Eben^er n&r Blackwell*their executors, administrators or assigns, in Sfcharwof1 consideration of and full satisfaction fur the debt due to them on mortgage the said mortgage of the office of marshal of the Marshafea a* on the office fpresaid, upon their conveying, assigning and rcleafing unto his of marshal of Majesty, his heirs and successors, all their estate, right, title and j£eourfoau interest, of, in and to the said office, and the said debt so due to them as aforesaid.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Cud* That from and immediately after the payment of the said hcni^irh" sum of ten thousand five hundred pounds to the said Thomas the power of Martin* John Martin, John Langmore, Edward Birch and Ebe- appointing nmr Blackwell, the said pi ifon of the Marshafea of the said the mar^.ah Court of King's Bench, and the feite thereof, and the ground andj£/* appurtenances thereunto belonging, and the power of granting the custody of the said prison, and the office of marshal of the Marshafea aforesaid, shall be re-vested in his Majesty, his heirsproviso for and successors, and shall for ever thereafter remain and be ur>- redemption, alienable; subject nevertheless to such proviso or condition for redemption thereof, as herein after is mentioned, and also sub-j&tt to such regulations and provisions, with regard to the execution of the said office, and to the government of the said prison, as are herein after provided, enabled and declared.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared

the authority aforesaid, That if the heirs or alligns of the be- cf wjiiiam tore-named William Letithall shall and do, on or before the LenrhaH, ex-;twenty hibiting a bill

John Aftitan the present marshal continued.

igz Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 17. [1754.

in the exche- twenty ninth day of September which shall be in the year one queir, and ob- thousand seven hundred and fifty six, exhibit, or cause to be cx-cree^and dff- hibited, a bill or bills in his Majesty's court of Exchequer at charging the Westminster and shall obtain a decree thereupon for redemption mortgage, of the said office, and shall pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster aforesaid, such (bm or sums of money as by the said court of Exchequer they shall be ordered or decreed to pay in discharge of the said mortgage; then, and in to re-possess ca^e> l"eyall anc* may and enjoy the said office,

the office*. in as full and ample manner as they lawfully might have done if this a A had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Redemption

IV. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this a St con-not revived as tained shall give, or be construed to give, to the heirs or af-to time. fig os of the said William Lenthall any right or benefit of redemption of the said office, which by reason of the length of time, or otherwise, they would not have been intituled to if this act had not been made.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after payment of the said sum of ten thousand five hundred pounds, John Ashton esquire, the present marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid, shall continue to have, hold and enjoy the said office of marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid, and all fees, perquisites, profits, privileges and advantages thereto belonging fsubjed nevertheless to the proviso for redemption herein before-mentioned) for and during so long time as he shall behave himself well in his said office, and shall be resident in the said prison, or within the rules thereof, and no longer: and after the death, resignation or amoval from the said office of the said John Ashtony his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall have full power and authority (subject nevertheless to the proviso for redemption herein before-mentioned) to nominate, constitute and appoint, by his or their letters patent, or by his or their sign manual, such person as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall think fit and proper, to be marfnal of thz Marshalsea aforesaid; and so, from time to time, to nominate, constitute and appoint the marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid, when and as often as the said office shall become vacant by death, resignation or otherwise; and every such person so nominated, constituted or appointed marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid, shall have, hold and enjoy the said office, and all fees, perquisites, profits, powers, privileges and advantages thereto belonging, for and during so long time as such marshal shall behave himself well in his said office, and shall be resident in the said prison, or within the rules thereof, and no longer; and all grants of the said office shall be made accordingly, or otherwise shall be void.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authori7 aforesaid, That the marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid, and prisoners, an<* a" inferior officers belonging to the said office of marshal, to the* and the prisoners committed and to be committed to the prison

After his death or a-moval, the King to appoint.

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 17. 199

aforesaid, shall* ftgra time to time, andat all times hereafter, niles madein be regelated and governed by>such rules and orders as have been, p|an^aof or shall be for that purpose made and provided, in pursuance of1*"

the directions of an act of parliament made in the fetond year of tb*«ign of his present Majesty, intituled, ' An act for the relief of debtors* with ufpeft to the imprisonment of their persons; and the £ud. marshal, and the inferior officers aforesaid, shall accept and No other feet takefoch fees only as have been, or shall be appointed and let- t^con* tied in pursuance of the raid aft-mentioned act, and no other or greater fee or reward whatsoever. cd.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after payment of the said sum of ten thou-10 have the sand five hundred pounds, the marshal of the Marshalsea afore- appointment said for the time being, shall have the nomination and appoint- ot inferior of-meat of all such inferior officers as now are belonging, or here- ficcr8»^tofore have usually belonged to the office of marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid 5 and all inferior officers who shall be appointed in pursuance of this act, shall hold their several offices during so long time as they shall respectively behave themselves well therein, and no longer; and all grants of the said inferior office* shall be made accordingly, or otherwise shall be void.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared Themarfltal by the authority aforesaid, That as well the marshal of the and inferior Marshalsea aforesaid, as the inferior officers to be nominated and ?^cfn appointed in pursuance and by virtue of this act, shall be subject or

and liable to be amoved from their respective offices by order or misbehaviour* rule of his Majesty's said court of King's Bench* in case of any such non-residence or other neglect of duty, or any such mi(bo* havipur in their said offices respectively, as the said court of Kingls Bench shall think sufficient cause for such amoval, upon any complaint to be made against such marshal, or any such inferior officer, by motion or petition, in a summary way#

[Persons fell

XIX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, at any time after iag, &c» the payment of the said sum of ten thousand five hundred pounds, <jf"cc shall bargain or fell the said office of marshal of the Afarfisalfeaa-^ior Meat* foresaid, or any inferior office thereto belonging, or any deputa* thereto be-tiop< of any such office or offices, or any part or parcel of any of longing, &c* them, or receive, have or take any money, fee, reward, or any othpr profit, directly or indirectly, or take any promise agreement, covenant, bond, or any assurance to receive or have any money, fee, reward, or other profit, directly or indirectly, for any such office or offices, or any deputation or deputations* of any such office or offices, or for any part of any of them, of to th# intent that any person shoukl have, exercise or enjoy any such office or offices, or any deputation or deputations of any such office or offices, or any part of any of them, then all and every such person and persons who shall so. bargain or fell any such office or offices^ deputation or deputations, or who shall /» take any money, fee, reward or profit for any such office or ©fa; fiecs, orany deputation or deputatioosic^ any of the fiudoffiq^J^ -

154 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. C.fjl [1754.

or any part of any of thorn, or who dull take any promise, covenant, bond or assurance for any money, reward or profit to he given for aoy such office or offices, or any deputation or deptL- r^u talons of any of the said offices, or any part of any of thorn, right in the r ft*11 lofc an<* 6*"* his and their right, interest and estate, offices, &c. which such person or persons, shall then have, of, in or to any of the said offices or deputations, or any part of any of them, of or in, or to the gift or nomination of any of the said offices or deputations, for which office or offices, deputation or deputations, or for any part of any of them, any such person or persons shall so make any bargain or sale, or take or receive any sum of money, fee, 'reward or profit, or any promise, covenant, bond or assurance to have or receive any fee, reward, money or profit;

and that all and every person and persons who shall give or pay

chaferdFf^ "Y fom of money, reward or fee, or shall make any promise, abled to hold, agreement, bond or assurance to give or pay any sum ot money, reward or fee for any of the said offices, or for the deputation or deputations of any of the said offices, or any part of any of them, & all immediately, upon the same fee, money or reward being given or paid, or upon any such promise, covenant, bond or agreement being bad or made for any fee, sum of money or reward to be paid as aforesaid, be adjudged, and is and are hereby declared to be a disabkd person or persons in the law, to all intents and purposes, to have, occupy or enjoy the said office or offices, deputation or deputations, or any part of any of them, for which such person or persons shall so give or pay any sum of money, fee or reward, or make any promise, covenant, bond or other assurance to give or pay any sum of money, fee or reward whatsoever.

Persons who Y Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enabled by the au-have purchas- thority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall ex-ed any inferi- tend, or be construed to extend in any wise to prejudice any per-or office from foa who at any time heretofore hath purchased any inferior of-Lees?an?now*cc or pi* belonging to the office of marshal of the Marshalsea fn possession, aforesaid, of or from any person or persons claiming under the aforesaid mortgage of the twenty fourth day of February one thousand six hundred and eighty four, and who is now in possession of such office or place 5 but that every such person who hath so purchased any such inferior office as aforesaid, shall and may hold and enjoy the same in the same manner as he might have done, if this act had not been made; any thing hereip be* fore contained to the contrary notwithstanding; giving such fe-curky for the due execution of his office to the marfial of the Marshalsea for the time being, as his Majesty's court of Kings Bench shall dire# and appoint; and shall have power to sell or dispose of such office or place to any person who shall contractor agree.for the purchase thereof; so as such sale or disposition be made by deed of assignment, or by words of assignment indorsed on the back of the grant of the said office or place* and be.made with the approbation and content of the faiAcow&f Ring's Bench (if in tffm time) or with theapprobation and

to hold the same giving security for the execution of such office.

and may assign the same with consent of the court, Stc.

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 17. 195

sent of the lord chief justice, or arvy other of the justices of the Thepur-said court for the time being, during any vacation > and every chaler subject such purchaser shall by virtue of such alignment be seised and pollened of the said office for so long time as he shall well behave himself in the said office, but shall be amoveable in a summary way as aforesaid, and shall be subject to the regulations herein before-mentioned, and shall have no power to sell or dispose of the same; and shall give such security for the due execution of his office to the marshal of the Marshalsea* as the said lord chief justice, or any of the justices of the said court, shall direct and appoint.

XI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the authority The persons aforesaid, That the said Ebenezer Blackwell* as trustee for the accepting the heirs and assigns of the said William Lentball* and the said Tho- competition mas Martin and John Martin* as executors and trustees named:

in the will of the said Edward Bowman* shall not be liable to any ^tisfaction of

claim or demand whatsoever, either at law or in equity, which the debt

shall or may be made or claimed by the heirs or assigns of the secured by

said William Lentball* or by any other person or persons claim-

ing under him or them, or by any person or persons claiming ^0^ in-

under the will of the said Edward Bowman* for or in respect of demnified,

any breach of trust or supposed breach of trust by the said Ebe-

nezer Blackwell*Thomas Martin and Join Martin* or any of them,

in accepting such composition as herein before is mentioned, in lieu and satisfaction of and for the aforesaid debt, secured by the aforesaid mortgage of the office of marshal of the Marshalsea a-

foresaid, or by aligning, conveying or releasing all their or any

of their estate, right, title and interest in the said office, in pursuance of this act, but they the said Ebenezer Blackwell* Thomas.

Martin and John Martin* and every of them, are and is andt shall be, by virtue of this act, indemnified and saved harmless. from all claims and demands whatsoever, of any person or persons whomsoever claiming or to claim by, from or under the said William Lentball and Edward Bowman* or either of them, for oc in respect of such composition as aforesaid, or for or in reljpeft of fu^h assignment, conveyance or release as aforesaid, or for any other act, deed, matter or thing whatsoever, which they the said Ebenezer Blackwell* Thomas Martin and John Martin* or any of them, shall do or cause to be done in pursuance of this act, or for the better carrying the same into execution.

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the authori- Thomas and ty aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John Martin Thomas Martin and John Martin to deduct and retain to them- to be paid selyes, out of the trust-monies which shall or may come to their the rex-hands by virtue of this act, a proportionable part of all such V. costs, charges and expences, as they shall have respectively sustained or been put unto, in relation to the said mortgage of the said office of marshal of the Marshalsea aforesaid.

XIII. And to the end that the suitors of the said court of The clauseso Kings Bench may have the full benefit of the aforesaid act ofw* 3-c-7* parliament of the eighth and ninth years of the reign of his said

payment of 10, 5001.

The marshal. Sec. discharged from payment of any sum for holding his office, from 12 Feb. >75J-

Sttool. to be Hied for rebuilding the prison.

Bodies politick, Sec. im powered to sell lands, &c* for the commodious rebuilding the prison.

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 17. [1754.

late majesty King William the Third 5 it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after payment of the said sum of ten thousand five hundred pounds, the herein before recited clauses of the said act shall be and are hereby repealed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said John Ashton, his heirs, executors* administrators and assigns, and all other person and persons whomsoever, shall be, and is, and are hereby exonerated, freed and discharged, from the payment of all or any sum or Turns of money, to the said Thomas Marti*, John Marti*, John Lang-more9 Edward Birchy and Ebenezer tlathwell9 their heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, or any of them, or to any other person or persons whomsoevqr, for or upon account of holding, uling or exercising the office of marftial of the Marshalsea aforesaid, from and after the twelfth day of February which was in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, by virtue of any lease, contract or other agreement whatsoever, any such lease, contract or agreement whatsoever, or any law, Statute, usage, or other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That by and out of all or any of the aids or supplies granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding the sum of seven thousand right hundred pounds, for defraying the expence of rebuilding the said prison of the Marshalsea of the said court of King's Bench, in such manner, and at such place, within the rules of the said prison, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now bring, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall direct, by writing under his or their hands.

XVI. And whereas it may be necessary to purchase lands or tenements yfor the more commodious rebuilding the aforejmd prison; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, and all trustees, mortgagees, and feofees in trust, guardians of infants, and committees of lunaticks and ideots, executors and administrators whatsoever; and also to and for all femes covert, and all and every other person and persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in, any lands or tenements, within the rules of the said prison, to bargain and fell the same to such person or persons, as the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall, by writing under his or their hands, appoint to Contract for the purchase thereof, for the purpose aforesaid; and such lands and tenements so to be purchased, shall be conveyed

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 17. pp

to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by deed or deeds, to be inrolled in his Majesty's court of King's Bench aforesaid; and all.contracts, agreements and Tales, and all conveyances, by such deeds inrolled as aforesaid, which shall be made by any such _ bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, or other persons afore- chafefmoney said, shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes; any to be laid out law, Statute or usage, or any other matter or thing to the con- in the pur-trary notwithstanding: and all and every sum and Turns of mo- fbafe of °d'er ney, which shall be paid to or for the use of any such body politick, corporate or collegiate, or other person or persons aforesaid, for the purchase of any lands or tenements, for the purposes of this act, shall be respectively laid out and invested in the purchase of other lands, tenements and hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to such titles, uses, trulls, limitations, remainders and contingencies, as the Till such pur-lands and tenements, fold for the purpose of this act, were set- chafe* made, tied, limited and allured, at the time of such sale, and shall be bTriaced^n0 held and enjoyed accordingly; and until such purchase-money thcfand*. shall be re-invested in lands as aforesaid, the lame shall be laid out in the purchase of stocks in Tome of the publick funds, or placed out on government or real securities at interest, and such interest shall be paid to or for the use of such person or persons, as would have been intided to the rents and profits of the lands or tenements so fold for the purposes of this act as aforesaid.

XVII. And it is hereby further declared and enabled by the After the pri-authority aforesaid, That when such prison shall be rebuilt as shall be aforesaid, the marftial of the Marshalsea aforesaid for the time being, shall from time to time, and at all times from thenceforth, keep the (am at his own cods and charges, by and out of the fees and profits inrepair. incident to his said office, well and sufficiently repair and keep in good repair the said prison, and all the buildings and appurtenances thereunto belonging; and the said prison so rebuilt, and the buildings and ground thereto, belonging with the appurtenances, shall remain unalienably vested in his Majesty, his heirs and fuccedbrs for ever.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it forther enabled by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this a<Sl contained shall extend, or be deemed, construed or taken to extend to alter, The - change, impeach or affect any estate, right, title or interest of, the duke

or claimed by the most noble Thomas duke of, his execu- Leeds not a fetors, adminhtrators or assigns, or which he or they can or may byb* have or claim of, in or to all those two messuages with the appurtenances, situate, lying and being in Southwark in the county of Surrey, whereof heretofore one was called The Angel, and is

now, or late was, called or known by the name of the King's Bench; and the other called The Crane \ and all tenements, houses and girdens^to the said messuages, or either of them, belonging oc appdrtmung'j. and* piece tjf'groun A behind the said gpodtoqcfkmncdl>y>ode Bichdka Faimarfim. by indenture dated khc fibJtttndv day of <Drtembrr in the1, eight and thirtieth year of bhfmgo of Htnij, thhcight^late KSng xst'Engknd, t» one John oj O 3 Mojftt

198 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 18. [1754.

Masse, for twenty one years, parcel of the lands and possessions then exchanged with the said Richard pvlmarston, and lately in the tenure of George Reynells, under the yearly relit of two and twenty pounds and ten shillings; which said two messuages, and the said gardens, piece of ground, and premises thereto belonging, in and by certain letters patent under the seal of his Majesty's court of Exchequer, bearing date at Westminster the eleventh day of March in the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, were, among other things, demised and grant* ed by his Majesty unto the said cthoma$ duke of Leeds, his executors, administrators and assigns, for and during the term of thirty one years, from the date of making the said letters patent.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to continue several laws for prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first competed or written, and printed in Great Britain; for the free importation of cochineal or indico, and relating to rice, frauds in the customs, the clandestine running of goods, and to copper ore; and for the better encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain and to authorize the payment of the bounty to Alexander Brown and others, upon a ship fitted out for the whale fishery, and lost in the Greenland seas; and for the more effectual payment of the bounties upon British-made sail cloth to Robert Donald and others.

WHEREAS the frueral laws herein after-mentioned have by experience been found useful and benefcial, and are near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with ttye advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That lo much of an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, input off « Geo. tituled, An act for prohibiting the importation of bools reprinted a-. c. 36. con- broad, andfirfi composed or written, and printed in Great Britain $ tinued by 20. and for repealing so much of an act made in the eighth year of the ^rther con^ re* % n $f her late majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the tinued to 29 prices of books; which act was to continue in force from the Sept. 1760. twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, for the space of (even years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign was further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty v four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, as relates to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed ia Great Britain, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued,

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 18. 199

from the expiration thereof until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaidj 7^o. i. c. 18. That an a & shade in the seventh year of the reign of his present further conti- Majesty, intituled, An act for the revival of art act made in the nu6d to9 thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First^V*' intituled, An act for the free importation of cochineal, during the time therein limited, and also for the free importation of indico; which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred artd thirty four, for thei4 Geo. i. c. 34* term of seven years, and from thence for the end of the then next fefliori of parliament*and which by another act made ini the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty was further continued, from the expiration thereof, until tho first day G of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and front 20 C0, 2#47' thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by another nft made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued; from the expiration thereof, until the flrftr day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid; Geo<ic.*g.' That an act made in the third year of the reign of his present further conti- Majesty, intituled, An act for granting liberty to carry rice from his nued to9 Majesty's province^Carolina in America, directly to any part of SePt* x76°* Europe southward/*Cape Finisterre, inships built iny and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to law; which was to be in force for five years from the twenty ninth day of Sep*

Umber one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and from thenle 3 Geo. 1.0.19. to the end of the then next session of parliament; and also an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to continue the said act from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty two, and from thence to the end of tho then next feffioti of5Gco»*-c*3S* parliament; and to extend that liberty to his Majesty's province of Georgia in Atner'ua (which said acts were, by an act made in, the fifteenth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Ma>^' jetty, continued, frortr the expiration thereof, until the first Any io Geo. i. c. 47. of June one thousand seven. hunched and forty seven, and frond thence to the etod of the then next session of parliament) and which was by another act made in the twentieth year of the reign of hfe present Majesty, further continued from the expfe- n ration thereof, until the first day of June one thousand seven^2 co*' hundred and fifty four* and from thence ta the end* of the then ' next session of parliament, Audi be, and the same is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty,

200 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 18. [1754.

and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

Clause* in 5

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Geo. 1. c. 11. That the several clauses in an act made in the fifth year of the tinued^ao ^B11 of his late Majesty, intituled, An act against tlandestine run* fcept. 17^0. tiing of uncustomed goods 5 and for tbi more effectual preventing of frauds relating to the customs, rdating to such foreign goods, wares and merchandizes, as shall be taken in at sea, out of any ship or vessel, in order to be landed or put into any other ship or vessel or boat; and also relating to goods not reported and found after clearing ships; and whereby further remedies are provided against relanding goods prohibited to be worn in this kingdom, and foreign goods shipped out for parts beyond the leas; and also relating to the opening or altering the package of goods on board ships outward-bound; and also relating to hovering ships or vefleis, of the burden of fifty tons or under; and also concerning the bales or package in which coffee shall he exported; and also relating to rum imported in calks or vessels, not containing twenty gallons at the lead; and also relating to certificate goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland, which were to have continuance for the term of three years, from the several times of the commencement thereof, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament respectively; and which by another act passed in the ninth year £ Geo. i. c. 8. of his said late Majesty's reign, were continued, from the expiration of the several and respective terms therein mentioned, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament 5 and which said clauses by an act G made in the fecor*'year of the reign of his present Majesty,

a eo.s. c. 2.further continued until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and by another act made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Ma-S Geo. 2. c.ii. jesty, were further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and by another act made in the fifteenth icGco.* and sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, were fur-5 '*33* ther continuea from the expiration thereof, until the first day ot

June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and - from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by another act made in the twentieth year of the reign of soGee.2x.47* his present Majesty, were further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, xmtil the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. 8 Geo. v c.iS. V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That further conti- an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty,

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 18. 201

intituled, An act to prevent the clandestine running of goods* and the nued to9 danger of infection thereby \ and to prevent ships breaking their quarentine; and to subject copper ore of the production of the British plantations, to such regulations as other enumerated commodities of the like production are subject, which was to be in force for two fears, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by Exception, several subsequent acts ^except the clauses obliging all ships and vessels to perform quarentine) was to have further continuance to the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session loGco.x.c*. of parliament; 'and which by an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was intended to be further continued to the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, but by mistake, the year one thousand seven hun- _ dred an<l forty seven, was inserted therein, instead of the said year 21 G€0, ft*one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; and which by an act made in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament,

shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, i* Ann. ft. t. That an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late c. 16. further majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the better encouragement continued to of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain, which was to continue in 19 Sept*1760, 1 force for seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which was by an act made in 5 Geo«,c.*i. the fifth year of his late Majesty's reign, further continued for the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by another act made in loGeaiCrtp. the tenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued for the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by another act made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Ma-Gco.».c.iS. jesty, was further continued until the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and sony two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by a- is Geo. x c 35. nother act made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by ano- t0Qf0.1>c ther act made in the twentieth year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the first day of June one thousr seven hundred and fifty four, and from thence to the end f the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same i: hereby further continued,

from

The treasury may pay the bounties to Alexander Brown and George Steel, for their vef-

Greenland

202 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 18. [1754.

P^2*011 thereof, until the twenty ninth day of Sep- *c'45* tembtr one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

VII. And whereas by two acts of parliament made in the sixth OnA twenty second years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Mijefifs British subjectsy a bounty of forty shillings per ton, under certain regulations mentioned in the said afisy is to be paid by tie receiver general of the cujlomsy to the masters or owners of ships etmhyed in the whale fishery in the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streets, on their return to this kingdom: and whereas Alexander Brotm and George Steel, did, on the behalf of themselves and partners, fit out in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, a ship called the Hopetoun, /* the whale fishery in the Greenland Seas, in the manner prescribod and appointed by the said afisy and which said/hip was a finally employed in t he said fishery, but was unavoidably left in the said seas: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of the treasury, or any three of more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the com-

felt loft in the missioners of the treasury for the time being, Jhdl be, and he 401, J or they are hereby impowered to direct, if he or they think fit,

the payment of the bounties which the said Alexander Brotm and George Steely and their partners, would have been intituled to in case the said ship had returned to this kingdom; any thing in the said two several acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas several sums of money, amounting in the whole to the sum of one thousand three hundred and fifty eight pounds eleven shillings and ten pence are due to John Stevenson and company, and Robert Donald and company, for bounties upon British made sail cloth exported from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, on or before the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty ? which sums of money cannot, by red/on of the in/ujfieiency of the fund established for the payment of the said bounties, before the said first

Donald day of Tune one thousand seven hundred and fifty, he paid and dif-and company, charged; unless some 'more effectual provision be made for that purpose \ Stcvenfon^and^lt t^ercforenacted by the authority aforesaid, That the fe-company, out veral and respective sums of money due to Robert Donald and of the old company, and to John Stevenson and company, for bounties up-subsidy in on British made sail cloth exported on or before the first day of aP' June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, amounting in the cidents. ° m* whole to the sum of one thousand three hundred and fifty eight pounds eleven shillings and ten pence, shall be, and the same are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid out of such parts of the old subsidy collected in that part of Great Britain called Scot-as are applicable to the payment of incidents.

1, 3 <81. ns. ioa.to be paid to Robert Do

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 19. 203

CAP. XIX.

An act for discharging the corporation of the governor, bailiffs and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a debt due to the duke of Bedford, and earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the proprietors of lands in the North Level, part of the said great level, to raise money to discharge the proportion of the said North Level, in the debts of the said corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers lands adjoining thereto in the manor of Crowland.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made and passed in the 15 Car. a.

fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles c'I7m the Second, intituled, An act for settling the draining of the great level of the fens called Bedford Level, reciting, That Francis earl _ - s

of Bedford, according to a law of sewers made at King's Lynn in j^Car i* the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the First, had undertaken the draining of the said great level therein mentioned to be situate within the counties ^Northampton, Norfolk, Suffolk,

Lincoln, Cambridge and Huntingdon, and the ife of Ely, ant therein particularly bounded and described; and that he was to have for his recompence ninety five thousand acres of the ground within the said level, with convenient highways and passages to the same9 and the new river, cuts and drains, to be made by the said earl and his ufsigns, and the banks of the same, and the forelands in the inside of the said banks, not to exceedsixty foot in breadth; and that William earl of Bedford, son and heir of the said earl Francis, with divers of his adventurers and participants, had proceeded in the compleating and finishing the said wohks; but that the same could not be preserved without constant care, great charge, and orderly government; is was therefore (amongst other things) enacted, That the said William earl of Bedford, and the adventurers and participants of the said earl Francis, and earl William, or either of them, their heirs and assigns, in fact manner as therein after is contained, Should be a body politick and corporate in deed and name, and have succession for ever, by the name of The governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, with power to lay and levy taxes upon the said ninetyfive thousand acres only, for support, maintenance and preservation of the said great level, and do all other things in order to the support, maintenance and preservation of the said great level and works made, and to be made, in such manner as therein is mentioned $ and taking notice, that by the said law of sewers, twelve thousand acres, parcel of the said ninety five thousand % acres, were designea and intended to his said late majesty King Charles the First, and had been set forth and allotted by bounds in several ty; and that his said late Majesty had granted two thousand <sres % part

204 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 19. [1754.

thereof, to Jerome earl of Portland, his heirs and assigns; and that tb$ said earl bad fold about one thousand five hundred acres, part of the said two thousand acres, to several persons, and bad conveyed the remaining five hundred acres to Benjamin Weston esquire, on fevered trufis; it was thereby further enacted, that the said two thousand acres, or such other lands of equal value, as should be Jet forth in exchange of the same, Should be and were thereby vested, settled, and established in the said several persons, their beirs and assigns respectively, to whom the said earl of Portland bad conveyed the same, to be held of the King's majesty, his beirs and successort of the manor of East Greenwich, by fealty only, in free and common so-cage, subject nevertheless with the residue of the said ninety five thousand acres, in equal proportion to all taxes and charges necessary and conducing totbe preservation of the said great level from drowning; and it was thereby further enacted, That the eighty three thousand acres; remainder of the said ninety five thousand acres, with the said ways, passages, new rivers, cuts, drains, banks and fore lands, over and above the said ten thousand acres, residue of the said twelve thousand acres, which were allotted in several ty, tend of which his said late Majesty was in possession, were thereby vested andfettled in the said governor, bailiffs and commonalty, and their successors, in trufi for the said William earl of Bedford, and the adventurers and participants of the said earl Francis and earl William, or either of them, their beirs and assigns, in such manner as is therein after limited and provided, and according to such parts and proportions as they respectively then held and enjoyed, or by virtue of the said a3 ought to bold and enjoy, subject and liable likewise to the payment of all taxes and charges as aforesaid, to he held of the King's majesty, his beirs and successors, of the manor of East Greenwich, by fealty, in free and common socage; and the said ten thousand acres were thereby vested in his then present Majesty, and his assigns, Subject and liable with the residue of the said ninety five thousand acres, to she same taxes and charges before specified; and it is thereby further enacted That the said governor, bailiffs and conservators of the said corporation for the time being, or any five or more of them, whereof the said governor or bailiffs, or their successors or any of them, to be two, for maintenance and freservation of the said great level, by convenient outfalls to the sea, Should for ever thereafter be, and were thereby made and constituted of of sewers for and of the said great level of the fens; and the said governor, bailiffs and conservators, or any five or more of them, whereof the said governor or bailiffs, and their successors, or any of them, to be two, are thereby enabled and impowered from thenceforth, to use and exercise the power and authority of of of sewers, within the said great level of the fens, and of the works made and to be made without the said great level, for conveying the waters of the said great level, by convenient outfalls to the sea, in such manner and with such other powers, jurisdictions and authorities, as are therein mentioned and contained: and whereas Car. i. c. 8. fcy another aS of parliament made and passed in the twentieth year of his said late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the taxing and aflemng of the lands of the adventurers within the great level of the fens, after reciting in part the last recited act, and that the way therein mentioned of raising draining-taxes upon the said ninety five thousand acres, by an equal acre-rate, had been found inconvenient, it was enabled, That all taxes thereafter to he Jet and imposed for the maintenance and preservation of the said great level, Should be from time to time ajfiffi^ef4\ taxed by the said governor, bailiffs and confcrjotors, tit; theirfucAfljfi:Mrcof.ibcm % 'wfxrcpf

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 19. 205

being, or any of them to be two, upon the said eighty three thousand acres, part and parcel of the said ninety five thousand acres, by a gradual acre tax of different sorts and values of lands, to be received, paid and levied, by such ways and means, as in the said recited act are provided; and that the said eighty three thousand acres, for raising taxes for support and maintenance of the great level, Should not be rated or assessed otherwise or in arty other manner than according to a gradual acre-tax of different forts and degrees, and according to the respective values and rates thereby set and rated, and to be set and rated, as is therein after appointed: and it was thereby further endued. That when andfo often as the sum of six thousand one hundred find ten pounds, seven /billings, and one penny halfpenny, Should be taxed and assessed upon the said ninety five thousand acres; that then the said twelve thousand acres Should be rated and assessed at fifteen pence the acre, and according to that proportion, for the raising of any greaser or lesser sum than six thousand one hundred and ten pounds, seven /billings, undone penny halfpenny, to be received, paid, and levied, together with penalties, in such and the like manner, as the taxes set and imposed, or to be set and imposed, upon the said eighty three thousand acres, are thereby provided for to be received, paid, and levied: and to the end that the said eighty three thousand acres might be more equally rated by a gradual acre-tax, not under the number of seven forts, it was thereby further enacted, That certain persons in the same act named, or any three or more of them, were thereby constituted and appointed to be surveyors and valuers of the said eighty three thousand acres, and were within the time therein limited, to digejt the said eighty three thousand acres into such number offorts or degrees of land, not under the number of sevenforts and degrees, and to rate and tax such degrees, and digefitbe same into schedules in writing, and make returns thereof, upon their oaths, into the fen-office, in such manner as in and by the said act is mentioned and directed: and whereas the several persons by the said lafi recited act appointed to be surveyors or valuers, valued amdfet out the said eighty three thousand acres, according to the directions thereby given, into eleven different forts or degrees of land, to be rated and taxed in manner following; that is to say, for a single tax, four pence per acre on the first fort of land; eight pence per acre ontbe second fort; and so increasing four pence upon every fort; the eleventh fort to be taxed at three shillings and eight pence; and all greater or less sums which the said corporation Should have occasion to raise, were to be rated and assessed in the like proportions; which valuations of the said surveyors were returned by them into the fen-office, as by the said last mentioned act was directed; and the said eighty-three thousand acres have always since been taxed according to the degrees and proportions thereby set on: and allotted, calling a tax of four pence on the fir/l fort of land, and increasing on the ten other forts in manner aforesaid, a single tax; five pence a tax and quarter; six pence a tax and half; seven pence a tax and three quarters; and eight pence a double tax; and whereas at a court of the said corporation, held the tenth day of March one thousand six hundred and Court £°f: and ninety seven, the said corporation, declared that the said great level should x^March*be distinguished by the several names of the North Level, Middle Level, tt97 % *and South Level , and that all that part of the said ninety five thousand acres, which lay between the north side of Moreton's Learae, and the southfide of Welland River, Should be accounted that part of the ninety-five thousand acres lying within the North Level: and whereas the said corporation, in order to support and preserve the several works for draining the Debt of the find great level, were obliged to borrow several sums of money on bonds, un- corporation der their common seal; and by thatmeans, at Lady-Day one thousand seven* Lady-Day,

206 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 19. [1754.

hundred and twenty eight, had contrasted debts, amounting in the whole, to the principal Jim of seventeen thousand one hundred and fifty pounds; and same new works being necessary for better draining the said North Level, part of the said great level, by indenture bearing date the twenty ninth day of May one thousand f even hundred and twenty eight, and made or mention* id to be made, between the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the said great level of the fens, of the one part, and the most noble William duke of Devonshire, guardian of the most noble Wriotheflcy then duke of Bedford, a minor, and the right honourable Henry then earl of Lincoln, of the other part; after reciting the said sbt of the fifteenth year of his late majesty King-Charles the Second; and that the said great level qj the fens was then distinguished by the several names of the North Level, the Middle Level, and the South Level; and that J such part of the said great level, as was distinguished by the name of the North Level, aid contain about forty thousand acres of land, of which there were about eleven thousand six hundred acres of land, subject to the said taxes and that the said duke of Bedford and earl of Lincoln wereowners or proprietors of great part thereof; and further reciting. That the said duke of Devonshire, as guardian of the said duke* of Bedford, and the said earl of Lincoln, for the preservation of the respective estates of the said duke of Bedford and earl of Lincoln, in the said North Level, did in the then left summer, actually lay out and expend the sum of three thousand four hundred pounds, 'the monies of the said duke of Bedford and earl of Lincoln, in proportion to their said respective estates, in regaining and keeping open tba outfall for the waters of the said North Level to sea, and in doing several Other necessary and material works, which bad tended greatly towards the draining and preservation of all the estates in the said North Level; but by reason of the many and frequent floods which had of late years happened, and the inefficiency of the banks and works of the said North Level to resist the same, and particularly by teafon of the weakness and lowness of the bank on the north side Moreton's Leame Wash, next the said North Level, the great* eft part of the lands within the said level bad then lately been, and were sub-sea to be drowned, so that little or no profit could be made thereof, nor could the said North Level be effectually drained or securedfor the future, unless the said north bank was to be enlarged andfir engtbened; and therefore tba said governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, bad resolvedto make a canal in tba said wash, and other works there, for strengthening and enlarging the said north bank, the charge of all which would amount at least to six thousand six hundred pounds; and further reciting. That the said duke of Devonshire, on the said duke of Bedford's behalf, and with his content, and the said earl of Lincoln, at the request of the said governor, bailiffs, and commonalty bad agreed to advance the said six thousand six hundred pounds, for the purposes aforesaid, in proportion to their said respective estates in the said North Level; and that the said governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, bad agreci that the taxes, revenues, and rents, annually laid, and arising upon and out if the lands in the Iaid North Level only, Should be made a security for repayment as well of the said three thousand four hundred pounds, then already laid out, as for the said six thousand six hundred pounds to be laid out, and interest at the rate of four pound per centum per annum; and were defir ous and had proposed, that the fetid duke of Devonshire, and earl of Lincoln, flould have not only the direction and disposal of the said six thousand six hundred pounds, in making the said canal and other new works f but also that the said duke of Devonshire, and earl of Lincoln, during the minority of the said Juke of Bedford, and afterwards the said duke of Bedford, and earl

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 19. 207

Lincoln, their respective heirs and assigns, Should have the direction, disposal, and management* of thefaiftaxes, revenues, and rents, of the said North Level, to he by them employed and disposed in and about tie repairing and maintaining the works of the said North Level, and making and supporting such other works, as Should be necessary or conducing to the effectual draining, securing, and preferring, tf the said North Level» and for and towards the payment of the feud principal sums of three thousand four hundred pounds, and six thousand six hundred pounds, with interest as aforesaid, until the said principal sums of three thousand four hundred pounds, andfix thousand six hundred pounds, and interest, Should be fully paid and satisped\ it is witnessed. That in confederation of the premisses, and for securing the repayment of the said several sums of three thousand four hundred pounds, and six thousand six hundred pounds, and interest as aforesaid y and for the better enabling the said dukes of Devonshire and Bedford, and the said earl of Lincoln, to complete their good designs of effectually draining, securing, and preftrving the said North Level, by making the said canal and other works, which the said governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, were sensible would be of great benefit and advantage to all the efiates in the same level y they the said governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, for themselves and their successors, did covenant and agree, to and with the said dukes of Devonshire and Bedford, and the said earl of Lincoln respectively, and their respective heirs and afljgns, that it Should and might be lawful to and for the said duke of Devonshire, and earl of Lincoln, their agents or servants, duly authorized, during the minority of the said duke of Bedford, and after the said duke tf/'Bedford Should have attained his age of twenty one years, and Should have confirmed that agreement, for the said duke ^Bedford and earl ^Lincoln, their respective heirs and assigns, their agents or servants, duly authorized, without the interruption or denial of the said governor bailiff's, and commonalty, or their successors, to ajk for and demand, have, receive, and take, of and from the receiver general for the time being of the said corporation yearly, and every year, as the same Should become due, and be paid to the said receiver general, so much and such part of the said taxes, to be annually laid on the said ninety five thou*-fond acres, as Should be the Jbare and proportion, of the lands within the said North Level liable thereto, together with all other the rents qnd revenues whysoever of the said governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, in the said North Level, including the Jbare and proportion of the taxes laid upon the lands within the said North Level for that Present year, and the said rents and revenues due and payable for the same time: and it was thereby declared and agreed. That the yearly fan of one hundred pounds, payable by the heirs or assigns of Sir Varies Orhy decetyed, to the said governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, and their successors, Should be esteemed and taken as part of thjpid revenue arising within the said North Level j and the find governor, baffiffs, and commonalty, did thereby authorize, impower, U&d r/WM tkesaidmeiver general for the time being, to pay yearly neediWf^m^ as thfm Should become dueemd bepaid to him, all ibp revenues of the said Northlevel, unto the said ttemfh\&*pd andwtof Lincoln respectivety

208 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 19; [1754.

their respective heirs and assigns, or their feruants or agent s9 without any further or other warrant to he had from the said governor, bailiffs, and commonalty for that purpose: provided, That the said receiver general for the time being, Should retain and keep so much of the said taxes, rents, and revenues of the said North Level, as Should be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the % yearly interest of the principal Jim of two thousand pounds, thentofore taken up upon the common Jeal of the said corporation for the service of the said level, until the principal sum of two thousand pounds Should be paid off and discharged: and it was thereby declared and agreed, That the said taxes, rents, and revenues) so to be paid to the said dukes of Devonshire and Bedford, and earl of Lincoln respectively, their heirs or assignSyshould be retained, employed, applied, and disposed of in the first place, for repairing and maintaining all the works of the fold North Level, and making and supporting such other works as Should doe necessary or conducing to the effectual draining and preservation of the same levels and then for paying and satisfying to the said dukes of Devonshire and Bedford, and earl of Lincoln, their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, according to their respective proportions and Jharesy interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, for the said fevera I sums of three thousand four hundred pounds, and six thousand six hundred pounds; and then to take9 retain, and keep the surplus money for and towards paying off and sinking the said sums of three thousand four hundred pounds, and six thousand Jix hundred pounds, in such proportions, and by such payments, as Should be reasonable and convenient, until the same Should be fully paid off and satisfied: and whereas the said duke ^Bedford, or the said duke of Devonshire as his guardian\ and the said earl g/* Lincoln, laid out and expended the said sum of six thousand six hundred pounds in pursuance of the said agreement, in the works therein mentioned, and by virtue ofy and under the said agreement, the said duke of Bedford and ear! of Lincoln, and their representatives have ever since continued in the receipt of the taxes, rentsy and revenues of the said North Level 5 but have been obliged to apply the greatest part thereof for and towards the several works for draining and preserving the said North Level $ so that at Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and fifty threey the sum of eighteen thousand nine hundred and thirteen pounds eleven shillings and nine pencey was due for principal and interest of the said several sums of three thousand four hundred pounds, and six thousand six hundred pounds; five sixth parts whereof is due and owing to the most noble John now duke ^Bedford, as executor of the last will of the said Wriothefley late duke ^Bedford; and the remaining sixth part thereof is due and owing to the right honourable Henry earl ^Lincoln, as administrator of the said Henry late earl of Lincoln: and whereas the sum of two thousand eight hundred and fifty poundiy part of the debt owing by the said corporation at Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and twenty eight, was due and owing to the said Wriothefley late duke of Bedford, who afterwards, in and by his last will and testament, forgave and discharged the same which reduced the debt contrafted by the said corporation, before the said year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eighty to four teen thousand three hundred pounds; and whereas ever

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 19. 209

since the making and executing the said recited agreement, the said dukes of Bedford and earls ^Lincoln have supported and maintained the works, banks, and drains of the said North Level, and the said corporation have not been at any charge or expence in or about the same, but the said corporation have since the said year one thousand seven hundred and twenty eighty borrowed several large sums of money on bondsy under their common fealy to the amount in the whole of fifteen thousand nine hundred and forty pounds; all which has been by them laid out and expended in and about the said Middle and South Levels, and for supporting and preserving the banks, drains9 and works thereof y so that the said corporation is now indebted in the several sums of money following, that is to say, In the said sum of fourteen thousand three hundred pounds, contracted before the said year one thousand seven hundred and twenty eighty for or on account of the whole of the said Great Level; the said sum of eighteen thousand nine hundred and thirteen pounds eleven shillings and nine pence, contracted since the said year one thousand seven hundred and twenty eighty for or on account of and particularly charged upon the said North Level; and the said sum of fifteen thousand nine hundred and forty pounds, contracted since the said year one thousand seven hundred and twenty eighty for or m account of the said Middle and South Levels, amounting together to forty nine thousand one hundred and fifty three pounds eleven shillings and nine pence: and whereas it has been found by experience that the taxes, revenues, and rents arising and payable to the said corporation out of the said North Level are not near sufficient to pay off and discharge the said debt particularly charged thereon y and to defray the charges and expences of maintaining, supporting, and keeping in repair the several works for draining thereof \ and noPwith/landing the greatest part of the revenues of the said North Level have ever since the said year one thousand seven hundred and twenty eighty been laid out in and about the famey the several banisy riversy fewersy and works of the same levely are become fa greatly decayed and ruinous, that great part of the lands in the same level have lately been very frequently flooded, and unless some immediate remedy be appliedy will become entirely drowned and of little or na value: and whereas the lands called Portsand otherwise Great Portsand, parcel of the demefites belonging to and lying within the manor 4/Xrowland in South Holland, in the county of Lincoln, herein after particularly bounded and dejeribedy are subject also to be frequently flooded, and cannot be effectually drained and preserved, without a large expence: and whereas the said lands called Portsand otherwise Great Portsand, adjoin to the said North Level, on the north part thereof, and lie convenient to be drained therewith, and it will be for the mutual benefit and advantge of the proprietors or owners thereof, and of the proprietors or owners of the lands within the said North Level, to join in one common drainage, and in order theretor the proprietors or owners of the said manor ^Crowland, and lands called Portsand, otherwise Great Portsand, and the proprietors or owners of the greatest part of the lands, within the said North Level, art willing and defer ous that a sufficient sum of money for the effectual draining of all the said lands,/hall be raised by a tax upon all the said lands, to be orderedy govtrnedy and disposed ofy in such manner as

210 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 19. [1754.

herein afar is mentioned; provided that the said North Level be discharged from the debts of the said corporation 5 and that all the taxes, rents, and revenues, iJuhich shall hereafter arise and become payable to the said corporation, out of the said North Level, be applied under the direction of the said corporation, for the benefit of the said North Level only, in such manner as herein after is mentioned: and whereas the taxes, rents, and revenues, arising and payable to the said corporation, out of the said North Level, are about one eighth part of the taxes, rents, and revenues arising and payable to the said corporation, out of the whole of the said great level of the fens, and therefore the said North Level is subject and liable to raise and pay one eighth part of the said debt of fourteen thousand three hundred pounds, which was contracted by the said corporation, before the said year one thousand seven hundred and twenty eight, on account of the whole of the said great level of the fens, and in order to raise money to pay off and discharge the same, it has been proposed that so much of the taxes charged on the corporation lands within the said North Level, by virtue of, or under the said recited act of the fifteenth of King Charles the Second, shall be sold in such manner as herein after is mentioned, as shall raise a sufficient sum of money for that purpose: and whereas the said John duke of Bedford, and Henry earl of Lincoln, being desirous to promote so good and beneficial an undertaking, have consented and are willing to exonerate and discharge the said corporation, of and from the said debt of eighteen thousand nine hundred and thirteen pounds eleven shillings and nine pence, and to yield up and surrender all the taxes, rents, and revenues of the said North Level, which they are intitled to receive, by virtue of and under the said recited agreement, and to release and discharge all their right, title, and interest in and to the same, on condition that the taxes, rents, and revenues of the said Middle and South Levels, be for the future only chargeable with the residue of the said debt of fourteen thousand three hundred pounds, contracted before the said year one thousand seven hundred and twenty eighty and with the said debt of fifteen thousand nine hundred and forty pounds contrafted on account of the said Middle and South Levels, since the said year one thousand seven hundred and twenty eight; and that the said North Level, and the taxes, rents, and revenues thereof, be fully and absolutely discharged of and from all the debts of the said corporation, and every part thereof: and whereas at a court of the said governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, held at the fen-office, on Saturday the twenty fourth day ^February one thousand seven hundred and fifty three, a plan according to the fold proposals, and for effecting and carrying the said undertaking into execution, in such manner as herein after is mentioned, was laid before the said court, and the said court thereupon came to the following resolutions, videlicet; that it appearing to the board that the debt due from this corporation, in the year one thousand seven hundred and twenty eight, was fourteen thousand three hundred pounds; and that the taxes upon all the three levels, at a tax and a quarter, amount to six thousand three hundred and fourteen pounds three shillings and eleven pence halfpenny, of which the tax arising from the North Level is seven hundred and seventy seven pounds three shillings and

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. xgl 2ir

four pence halfpenny, being about one eighth party it is the opinion of this board that if his grace the duke of Bedford and lord Lincoln remit the debt of about nineteen thousand pounds, which is due to them wider the agreements made with them by this corporation, in one thousand seven hundred and twenty eighty for draining the North Level, and the proprietors of the North Level will pay one thousand eight hundred pounds, as their proportion of the said debt of fourteen thousand three hundred pounds, it will be for the interest of the other two levels y for this corporation to consent that the lands of the North Level be exonerated from the payment of the remainder of the said debty and the subsequent debts of the corporation, by the act of parliament intended to be applied /ir, for the better draining of that level: and the remaining part of the said plan being ready the board resolvedy That the same did not in any wise appear to be prejudicial to either of the levels belonging to the said corporation, and therefore they did approve thereof: and whereas the said corporation, and the creditors of the said corporation, and the proprietors of the greatest part of the tax-able lands within the said Middle and South Levels, having seen and considered the said propofahy approve thereof \ and are willing and consenting that the same Should be carried into execution: and whereas the effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and the said lands within the manor of Crowland, which contain together about forty eight thousand acres, would be of great benefit and advantage to the several proprietors thereof \ and of service to the publick in general; and if the proposals and agreements before-mentioned are carried into execution it is apprehended and believed that the same may be effectually drained and preserved; but in regard the lame cannot be effected, or the money necessary for that purposeraif-ed, without the aid and authority of parliament; be it therefore enacted, &c.

The corporation of conservators of Bedford Level, discharged from the debt of 18, 913l. 11s. 9d. due to John duke of Bedford and Henry earl of Lincoln; and the indenture of 29 May 1728, declared void. The executors of Sir Charles Orby, and Thomas Orby Hunter, discharged from payment of the annual sum of 1001. to the company, and from all covenants in the articles of 10 July 1697. Proprietors of taxable lands within the North Level, may purchase off so much of the taxes chargeable thereon, by the acts 15 & 20 Car 2. as will raise the sum of i, 8ool. and enter subscriptions for the same, before 24. June 1754^ Payment thereof to be made by 29 September 1754; and to be applied in discharging the debts company to execute rekales of the taxes to the purebafers. The taxes chargeable by atts 15 & 20 Car. 2. to be continued on the residue of the lands, and to be applied in the works of the level herein mentioned.

The lands of the North Level discharged from the residue of the debt of 14, 3001. and from the debt of 15, 9401. and all other debts now owing.

The North Level not liable to debts, on account of the Middle and South Levels; nor they to be subject to debts on account of the North Level.

Members for lands in the North Level, not to vote concerning borrowing money for the Middle and South Levels. The lands to be drained, to be divided into districts. Commissioners appointed for the several districts.

Commissioners to have an yearly general meeting, to make a rate for draining on all lands not heiein excepted: for the first four years at 1 s. per acre, after not to exceed 6d. per acre, in any year, to be paid half yearly. The dam to be made in the Old Wryde drain, not to be afterwards removed, &c. The Counter Drain from the Severals, to becleanf-

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 19. [1754.

cd at the proprietors charge. If Dunton Hall Bridge be taken down, cF altered, the of to build another. Besides the rate for general works of draining, the of of the fourth district may make another rate, not exceeding»s. per acre for the first two years, and i s. per acre after. The of of the first and second distrifri may also make a like rate, not exceeding i s. per acre. Differences concerning damages to be settled by the quarter sessions. The duke of Bedford to deanfe and support the drains and other works in the third district. Thomas Orby Hunter to cleanse and fuoport the drains and other works in the fifth district. Beverley Butler may eredfc a mill for draining the waters from the ground belonging to him. Tenants to pay the rates, and such as are at rack relit may dedu£ the same. If the lands shall be untenacted, and no dittrels can be had, the lands to remain as a security for the rates. 14, 0001. may be raised by annuities, to answer the immediate expences of draining. Annuities for 30 years not to exceed 6 1. and for a tingle life 7 U per cent. to be charged on the rates, of may borrow money at 51. per cent. When the annuities shall be determined the rates may be reduced. CoUe&ors or treasurers refuting to account or pay over the monies in their hands, to be committed.

Persons con-v idled of maliciously defraying or damaging any of the works, to suffer death i

and convicted of flopping up, &c. any river or drain,

to forfeit tool

XLIX. And for the preventing and damming up, (taping, throwing down, burning, detnoliming, defraying or damaging, any of the rivers, drains, watercourses, banks, mills, engines, flood-gates, (luices, doors, dams, bridges, or other works already made or erected for or towards draining the lands and grounds contained within the said several districts and divisions, or any of them, or hereafter to be made, erected, supported, or maintained, for the purposes aforesaid, by virtue of, or under the powers and authorities of this act; it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at anytime hereafter maliciously cut, break down, bum, demolish, or destroy, any bank, mill, engine, flood-gate, or sluice, already made or erected, or which shall at any time hereafter be making or erecting, or made or erected, supported or maintained, for answering the purposes aforesaid, every person or persons so offending, being thereof convicted, shall be guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as felons, without benefit of clergy: and if any person or persons shall at any time hereafter ma-Ficiously (top, dam up, demolish, damage, or destroy, any river, drain, watercourse, door, dam, bridge, or other work or works already made or erected, or which shall at any time hereafter be making or erecting or made or erected, supported or maintained, for answering the purposes aforesaid, every person or persons so offending, being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace for the counties and ille aforesaid, or either of them, who are hereby required to hear and determine the same, on the oath of two or more credible witnesses, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to the said of, their successors, heirs, or assigns, to be applied for the respective purposes to which the said rates and taxes are hereby, directed to be respectively applied; and in default of payment thereof, the person or persons so offending shall be sent to the house of correction of the county or ille, where such offenee shall be committed, there to be kept to hard labour for such

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 20. 213

time as such justices shall order and direct, not exceeding six months.

Commissioners to maintain the banks of Shire Drain, and the sluices at Clows Cross. In case the banks of Shire Drain shall be broken or overflown, the floodgates at Clows Cross to be (hut down. Commissioners not to exercise any other power over Shire Drain, or Old South Eau river, than the conservators nave a right to use. Conservators not to exercise any power over the of, or the works, other* than over the works put under their particular care. New of to be elected in the room of such as shall die or be disqualified. Rights of lords of manors reserved, and of the conservators and others*

CAP. XX.

An act for the more easy and effectual proceeding upon distresses to be made by warrants of justices of the peace.

WHEREAS by many acts of parliament, justices of the peace are impowered to issue warrants for the distress and sale of goods and chattles, but the charges of distraining, keeping, and sale of such goods and chattles are not provided for in all the said acts, nor is there a time in all cases limited for the sale thereof whereby inconveniences have arisen: therefore for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases where any justice or justices of fuflices to lithe peace, is or are, or shall be, required or impowered by any mit in their 2& or adis of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, wanrants of di-to issue a warrant of distress for the levying of any penalty hi- fa'le of tlit flidled, or any sum of money directed to be paid, by or in con- distress, sequence of such act or adis, it shall and may be lawful for the justice or justices granting such warrant, thereinto order and direct the goods and chattles so to be distrained, to be sold and disposed of within a certain time to be limited in such warrant, so as such time be not less than four days, nor more than eight not less than days, unless the penalty or sum of money for which such distress 4* nor more shall be made, together with the reasonable charges of takingthan 8*yu and keeping such distress, be sooner paid.

II. And be it further enacted, That the officer making such officer to de-distress, shall and is hereby impowered to deduct the reasonable dust the char-charges of taking, keeping, and felling such distress, out of the?*

money arising by such sale; and the overplus (if any) after such }|J, charges, and also the said penalty or sum of money shall be fully overplus to satisfied and paid, shall be returned on demand to the owner of be returned, the goods and chattles so distrained; and the officer executing such warrant, if required, shall shew the same to the person whose goods and chattles are distrained, and shall suffer a copy thereof to be taken.

---

[Provisions relating to tythes in 7 & 8 Will. 3. c. 34.]

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to alter or repeal any of the provisions or directions relating to distresses to be made for the payment of tythes and church rates, by the people called Quakers,

214 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 21 - 28. [1754.

contained in an act passed in the seventh and eighth years of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled, An act that the solemn affirmation and declaration of the people called Quakers shall be accepted instead of an oath, in the usual form;

[and 1 Geo. 1. c. 6. not altered.]

or in one other act passed in the first year of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for making perpetual an act of the seventh and eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled, An act that the solemn affirmation and declaration of the people called Quakers shall be accepted instead of an oath in the usual form; and for explaining and enforcing the said act in relation to the payment of tythes and church rates; and for appointing the form of an affirmation to be taken by the said people called Quakers instead of the oath of abjuration.

CAP. XXI.

An act to continue and render more effectual an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road between Hockcliffe in the county of Bedford, and Stony Stratford in the county of Buckingham.

CAP. XXII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of parliament passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the county of the town of Nottingham, through Costock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to the bridges commonly known by the name of Cotes Bridges, in the county of Leicester; and for making the said act more effectual.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the city of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough in the county of Northampton.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for amending, widening and keeping in repair, the road leading from Union Point, near the town of Uckfield in the county of Sussex, to Langney Bridge in the parish of Westham in the said county.

CAP. XXV.

An act for the better enlightening and cleaning the open places, squares, streets, lanes, alleys, passages, and courts, within the parish of Saint Luke in the county of Middlesex, and regulating the nightly watch and bedels; and for repairing the highways within the said parish.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Saint Dunstan's Cross, near the city of Canterbury, to the water side at Whitstable in the county of Kent.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act made in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, For repairing and widening the road leading from Market Harborough in the county of Leicester, through Desborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and Thrapston,

1754.] Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 29 - 36. 215

in the county of Northampton; and through Bythorne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to the Pound in the parish of Brampton, in the county of Huntingdon.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road from Piercebridge to Kirkmerrington, in the county of Durham, and from thence to the turnpike road at Tudhoe Lane End in the said county; and for making the same more effectual.

CAP. XXX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the borough of Leicester, to and by the north side of the town of Uppingham in the County of Rutland; and to Watford in the county of Northampton; and from thence to Peterborough in the said county of Northampton.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the toll-gate in the parish of Kettering, through the town of Wellingborough, in the county of Northampton, and through Olney over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks, and for repairing and widening, or rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridge.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from a certain intrenchment on Askerswell-hill, opposite to Chilcombe Farm, through the town of Bridport to Penn Inn; and from Bridport aforesaid to the town of Beamister, in the county of Dorset; and also the road from Penn Inn aforesaid, through the town of Axminster, to the workhouse at the east end of the town of Honiton in the county of Devon.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the high road from Westwood-gate, in the parish of Knotting, in the county of Bedford, through the towns of Rushdon and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the turnpike road in Barton-Seagrave, in the parish of Barton-Seagrave, in the county of Northampton.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the high road from a place called Saint Loydes, in the town of Bedford, through the parishes of Bromham, Stagsden, Astwood, Harkmead and Chichley, to the way post in Sherrington Field, where the said road joins the high road from the town of Olney to the town of Newport Pagnell, and also the high road from Bromham aforesaid, through the parishes of Turvey and Colebrayfield, to the town of Launden, otherwise Lavenden, in the counties of Bedford and Buckingham; and for applying, part of the money arising thereby towards repairing, rebuilding or widening, Sherrington Bridge in the road from the said way post to the said town of Newport Pagnell.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer brewed for sale, vended or sold within the town and barony of Alloa, in the county of Clackmannan; and also a duty of anchorage for ships and vessels anchoring in the harbour of the said town, for repairing the pier of the said harbour.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, through Alcester in the said county, and Feckenham, to a place called Bradley Brook, in the

216 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii II. c. 37 - 42. [1754.

county of Worcester; and from Alcester through Great Coughton and Crabs Cross, in the said county of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to the Cross of hands on a common called the Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane through Church Lane and Tutnell to Bromsgrove, in the said county of Worcester.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the eighth year or the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the town of Rochdale in the county palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy mountain called Blackstone Edge in the same county; and from thence to the towns of Halifax and Ealand in the county of York.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor in the parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford in the county of Kent, and in the parish of St. Paul, Deptford, in the counties of Kent and Surrey; and for repairing the highways, and paving and cleansing the streets, in the said parishes.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the north end of Bridgeford Lane in the county of Nottingham, to and through several towns and places in the counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering in the county of Northampton.

CAP. XL.

An act for or opening, making, widening, and keeping in repair, a road from Radcliff Highway, through Cannons Street in the county of Middlesex, into the road leading into the county of Essex; and also from the west end of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell street into the back lane in the said county of Middlesex.

CAP. XLI.

An act for amending and widening several roads, leading from the borough of Truro in the county of Cornwall.

CAP. XLII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and for supplying an omission in an act passed in the last session of parliament for repairing the road from Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch in the county of Leicester.

