THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III. Regis.

Being the FIRST Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

by

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Esq;

Vol. XXXI. Part I.

THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law lecture to that Honourable Society.

Vol. XXXI.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the University, for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1775.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno decimo quinto

Georgii III. Regis.

PUBLICS ACTS.

Cap. 1. To allow the importation of Indian corn and maize, under certain restrictions.

---

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Msyefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to he raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand even hundred and seventy five.

Cap. 4. For the regulation of his majcfty’s marine farces while on fttore.

Cap. 5. To repeal so much of an at, made in the fourteenth Year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to present the exportation to foreign parts of utensils made use of in the cotton linen, woolien, andfili manufactures of this kingdom a relates to wool cards used in the woollen manufactures of this kingdom, intended to be exported to any of his msyefty’s colonies or plantations in America.

Cap. 6. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 7. To continue for a further time ao a, ipade in the 'eighth year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled, An act io continue and amend att aft, made in the fifth year of the reign pf his present Majesty, entitled. An act for importation of faked beef porky bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and for allowing the importation of falttd beef port, baton > and butter > front

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the British dominions in America, for a limited time; and for extending the provisions of the said acts to potatoes, and all kipds of pulfie.

Cap. 8. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty.sith day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five.

Cap. 9. To amend an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford

Cap. 10. To restrain the trade and commerce of the provinces of Majfachufet's Bay and New Hampshire, and colonies of Connecticut, and Rhode island, and Providence Plantation, in North America. to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British islands in the West-india; and to prohibit such provinces and colonies from carrying on any fishery on the banks of Newfoundland, or other places therein mentioned, under certain conditions and limitations.

Cap. 11. To amend an act, made ip the eleventh year of his present majesty’s reign, for improving and compkating the navigation of the rivers Thames and Isis, from the city of London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 12. To enable the comraiflioners, acting by virtue of an act made in the twenty feyepth year of the reign of his Majesty Kiftg George the Second, for (draining and preserving the north level, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, and diverse lar.as adjoining thereto, in the manor of Crowland 5 to charge further taxes upon the said north level, and the said adjoining lands.

Cap. 13. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundreds of East and West Flegg, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 14. To explain and amend an act, made in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to aryend an oft, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled. An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of bats, and in the woolien, linen, fujlian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and fill manufactures; and f*rpreventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers andjourneymen hot prefers, and of all persons employed in the said several manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages.

* Cap. 15. To amend and render more effectual in his majesty’s dominions in America an ad, patted in the present session W of parliament, entitled. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion

| for the better payment of the army and their Quarters, and for extending the provisions of the said act to his majesty’s marine forces in America.

Cap. 16. To enable Sir Nigel Grefley Baronet, and Nigol Sawyer Grefley Esquire, his son, to make and maintain a navigable cut or canal from certain coal mines in Aptdale to Newcastle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

under Lime in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 17. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify jufiices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mif kud; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

Cap. 18. To restrain the trade and commerce of the colonies of New Jersey, Penfylvama, Maryland, Virginia, and South car§iina9 to Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britijk Islands in the fvtjl Indies under certain conditions and limitations.

Cap. 19 To enable the commissioners for executing the office of treasurer of his majesty’s exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with the representatives of Hugh Barlow, Herbert Lloyd, and William Skyrme, a debt due to his Majesty from William Williams, deceased.

Cap. 20. To amend and render more effectual two adb, passed in the sixth and tenth years of the reign of his preftnt Majesty, for making a navigable cut or canal from the river Trenty at or near Wilder? ferry, in the county of Derby to the river Merfejy at or near Runcorn Cap. n

Cap. 21. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the parish of Saint Mary le Bone in the county of middlesex\ and for building a workhouse in the said parish.

Cap. 22. For yefting part of the garden of the society of Lincoln's Inn in the county of middlejexy in the accountant general of the court of chancery, and his successors, for ever, for 0 the purpose of erecting thereon offices for the accountant general, and for the register of the said court.

Cap. 23. For building a workhouse, and for the better relief and employment of the poor, within the parish of Saint James curkenwelly in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 24. For incorporating certain perions, for the relief of poor widows and children of clergymen within the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 25. For taking down the common gaol of the county of Hertford and for building a new gaol in a more commodious situation.

Cap. 26. For appointing commissioners for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, entitled. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy jrve.

Cap. 27. For admeafuring wagons and other carriages used in loading jcoals on board ships at the several ports of this kingdom, in the Came manner as at the ports of newcajlle and sunderland* a 2 Capi

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 28. For altering, explaining, and amending fevcraf adti of the parliament of Scotland, refpedliog colliers, coal bearers, and falters.

Cap. 29. To repeal two acts. made in the parliament of Scotland, the twenty-eighth day or June one thousand six hundred and thirty-three, entitled, Aft anent the clan Gregour, and the fifteenth day of June, one thousand six hundred and ninety three, entitled, Aft for thejufliciary in the highlands sofar as relates to the Mac Gregeurs 5 and to revive an act of the said parliament of the twenty sixth day of April, pne thousand six hundred aid sixty one, relative to the people called Mac gre gours.

Cap. 30. For allowing, the officer appointed to mark or lamp the weights to be made use of in weighing the gold and silver coin of this kingdom, in pursuance of an act made in the lad session of parliament, to take certain fees in the execution of his office.

Cap. 31. For the encouragement of the fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Inland, and the British dominions in e rope, and for securing the return of the fishermen, sailors, and others employed in the said fitheries, to the ports thereof, at tbo end of the fishing season.

Cap. 32. To repeal an act, passed in the thirty full year of the reign of her majesty Queen Elizabeth, (entitled. An act against the erecting end maintaining of cottages.)

Cap. 33. For settling Buckingham House with the appurtenances upon the Queen, in case (he shall furvivehis Majesty, in lieu of his majesty’s palace of Somrfct Hovfe; for enabling the lords commissioners of his majesty’s treasury to sell and diipofo of Ely House in Holborn, and for applying the money to arise by sale thereof, together with other moneys, in credting and establishing public offices in Somerset House, and for embanking certain parts of the river Thames lying within the bounds of the manor of the Savoy, and for other purposes therein mentioned Cap. 34. For encouraging the manufactures of rape oil, and other vegetable oils, in this kingdom, by reducing the dutieson rape seed, and other seeds producing oil, imported from Ireland i and for allowing the free importation of rape cakes for manure from Irelandxo this kingdom.

Cap. 35. To permit the free importation of raw goat {kins into this kingdom for a limited time.,

Cap. 36. To explain and amend Tan act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to enable the fpealer of the house of commons to issue bis warrants to make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of such members as Shall die during the releft of parliament \ and for enabling the speaker of the house of commons to make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of such members as shall during the recess of parliament become peers of Great Britain, and be summoned to parliament; and for suspending the execution of the said adfc with respect to the borough of sjaftjbury, in the county of

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

dorset3 during the next recess of parliament.

Cap. 37. To permit the importation of painted earthen ware, (except galley tiles,) the manufacture of Europe, to be sold iji Great Britain, and for charging the same with a duty ad valorem.

Cap. 38. For railing a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand fevefi hundred and seventy five.

Cap. 39. To empower justices of the peace to acfminifter Baths where any penalty is to be levied, or distress to he made, in ptirfuance of any act of parliament, wherein the same is nt Bxprefsly directed.

Cap. 40. For amending and explaining an act, passed in though fourteenth year of his majesty’s reign, entitled. An act to ejia fund towards further defraying the charges of the adminijlra tion ofjujlice, and support of the civil government within the pro vince of Quebec in America.

Cap. 41. For redeeming the sum of one million of the capital flocks of three pounds per centum annuities, in the manner and on the terms therein mentioned 5 and for establishing a lottery. ’

Cap. 42. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund, and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 43. For lighting and watching the hamlet of Highgate in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 44. To continue, for a limited time, so much of an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his prefenr Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty a sum of moneys to be raised by exchequer bills, and to be advanced and applied in the manner and upon the terms therein mentioned, for the retief'-of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eart Indies, as obliges the said company to export annually goods and merchandifcs of the growth, product, or manufaftureof Great Britain to their fewlements in the East Indies to a certain value. 4

Cap. 45. For allowing the clothing and accoutrements northeast ceffery for his majesty’s foroes, paid out of his Majesty s revenues arising in the kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the places where such forces are ordered to serve, and, for granting a bounty upon flax seed imported into Ireland ir a limited time.

Cap. 4b. For amending and rendering more effectual an act, passed in the eleventh year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled, An al for regulating and improving the fijheries in the river Tweed, and the rivers andf reams running into the same, and afo within the mouth or entrance of the said river.

Cap 47. For enabling his Majesty to licence a playhouse in the town of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancafer.

Cap. 48. To continue the term of an act, made in the twenty fecondyear of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots upon every Scots pint oj beer and ale winch hall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

or tapped for sails, within the town of Anftruther Easter, and tibet ties thereof

Cap. 49. For taking down the church of All Saints, In the town of Fulbourne, and county of Cambridge \ and for the better repairing, and keeping in repair, the church of Saint Vigors in the said town.

Cap. 50. To enable the inhabitants of the parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the county of Middtesex, to purchase or hire a convenient piece of ground, for the purpose of erecting a workhouse thereon for the reception and employment of the poor of the said parish; and for providing an additional burial ground for the use of the said parish.

Cap. 51. To restrain the negotiation of promiflbry note and inland bills of exchange under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 52. For enlarging the term of letters patent, granted by his present Majesty to William Ccokworthy of Plymouth, chemist, for the foie use and exercise of a discovery of certain materials for making porcelain, in order to enable Richard Champion of Brijlol, merchant, (to whom the said letters patent have been assigned) to carry the said discovery into effectual execution for the benefit of the public.

Cap. 53. For enabling the two universities in England, the four universities in Scotlandr, and the several colleges of Eton, jveftminfter^ and Winchejier, to hold in perpetuity their copy right in books, given or bequeathed to the said universities and colleges for the advancement of useful learning and other pur po.es of education; and for amending so much of an act of the e ghth year of the reign of Queen Anne, as relates to the delivery of books to the warehouse keeper of the stationers company, for the use of the several libraries therein mentioned.

Cap. 54. For paving and regulating, and for preventing nuisances and obstructions within New Gravel Lane and the several streets, lanes, passages, and places, within the parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the county of Middlesex, not comprised in an act. pa fled in the eleventh year of his present majesty’s reign, for paving and regulating Rosemary Laney and the other places therein mentioned.

Cap. 55. To explain and amend an act, passed in the fourteenth year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled. An act for the better relief and employment of toe poor within the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex;; for building a workhouse; and for pur chasing a piece of land for a burial ground, for the use of the said parish.

Cap. 56. For applying the funds provided for rebuilding the offices of the six clerks of the king’s court of chancety, by an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty entitled. An act for rebuilding the office of the six clerks of the King's court of chancery, and for creating offices for the register and accountant general of the said court, jor the better preferring the record decrees, orders, and books of account) kept in such offices; in building offices for the said six clerks in the garden of Lincoln's

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Inn instead of rebuilding the present six clerks office in Chancery Lane \ and for other purposes.

Cap. 57. For watering Piccadilly, from the end of Berkley Street to Hyde Park Gatey in the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of abddlefex.

Cap. 58. For lighting the streets lanes, roads, and public passages, within the town of Hampfteady and parts adjacent within the parish of Hampjleady in the county of Middlesex; and for establishing a nightly watch therein, and a patrol between the said town and London.

Cap. 59. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundreds of Mitford and Launditcby in the county of

. 60. For extending the duty of two pennies Scotsy or one sixth part of a penny Sterling, payable on every pint of ale and beer vended or sold in the village of Port Glajgow and the privileges thereof, over the town of Newark: for Supplying the inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with fresh water; for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the streets of the said two towns; for erecting public markets therein; for repairing, and keeping in repair, the bread and east and wed quays of the harbour of Port Glafgowy and other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 61. For veiling in James Watty engineer, his executors, adminidrators, and assigns, the foie use and property of certain deam engines, commonly called Fire Engines of his invention, described in the said act, throughout his majedy’s dominions, for a limited time.

Cap. 62. For completing and maintaining the pier at the town of mevagijjey, in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 63. For repairing the highways and bridges in the shire ^ of jirgyll

Cap. 64. For the mpre easy. and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundred of Elloe, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 65. For draining and preferring certain fen lands, low grounds, and commons, in the several parishes of Ramsey, Buryy Wiflowi Warboys, Somersham, Colney and Pidley with Fenton, in thf county of Huntingdon, and in the parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, within the isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 66. For draining and preserving certain lands and grounds in the parishes of ivisbech Saint Peter's and ivisbech Saint Mary's, and in the hamlets of ivisbech Mur row and Wif- bech Guybirn, in the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge.

Cap. 67. For amending and widening the road leading from Yarmouth Bridge through the hamlet of South towny otherwise Little Yarmouth, to gorlejlon% in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 68. For enlarging the term and powers granted in an al, made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the road from Newn, urketx over Newmarket Heath, to the turnpike road leading to Stump Crofsy in the counties of Cambridge and Suffolk; for repairing the road branching out of and leading from the aforesaid road, near the Devil's Ditch, oh

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Newmarket Heathy to join the prefedt turnpike road wbfeft lead tb Cambridge; and for repairing the highway, through the ttwit of Ntwtnarket to the present turttpika road, from thence to Thetford.

Cap. 69. For continuing and enlarging the term and power of an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of itl present Majesty, entitled. An act for repairing and z&ideuing the road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the aunty of Anglesey.

Cap. 70. To enlarge the term and powers etf federal *fts for repairing the road from Beaeomfitid, it the county of Bucks, to Stoktmhurch, in the county of Oxford

Cap. 71. To continue the term of an act, made k till twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty king George the Seeond, for repairing and widening the feverafl roads in the cdurtty of peiues, leading from Tivenfs Croft towards the city of Edinburgh, by Blithe Bridge, La Mancha, and Whem, end by Linton and Carlops, and from fngtejlon, through Carlops, until all the said roads join the limits of the county of Edinburgh

Cap. 72. For continuing and making more effeftfeal several acts of padiament for repairing the road from Luton, in the county of Bedford, to fveftwood Gate, in the fekl odtinty, and from Luton to Saint albans in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 73. To enlarge the term of Jeverai acts, pafftd in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, the eleventh year of the reign of King George the First, and the tenth, thirteenth, *hdfhif* ty first years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the highways from Old Stratford, in the county of Northampton, to Dumhnrch, in the County of fer ttnck\ and for more cffeftually amending the said highways

P R I VAT E ACTS.

i. AN act for naturalising Jacob Henry Suwe.

JL 2. An act for dividing and inolofing the open aramfc fields, open meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and waste grounds, within the parish of Flintham, in the county ef Nottingham.

3. An act for dividing and inclofmgrhe open fields, meadows, and common pastures, within the district of normantou, in the parish of Soudwell% in the county of Nottingham, and also tfcte open meadow called Cow Meadow, in the fard parish of south veil. * t

4. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, and other common lands, Within the hamlet of Burr cot and parish of Dor chef er, in the county of Oxford.

5. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common failures, and other commonable

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

motiablfc lands Kid grounds in the manor and parish of lid in the county of Bedford.

6. An act tf Enable Janet Grtmcdgh, heretofore ealled fitytb% nd his issue, to take; and use the farname of Greenaigbf put/lftnt to the will of wiutem gr&nalgb dcoeafed.

7. An act for naturalising George Emji de Hahn.

8. An act for vesting the estate of Cbrijlopber Whicbtote esquire, and Jane his wife, jitutte in the county of Wilts entailed by the will of Francis tregagje esquire, deceased, in troflfoes, to be few, and for applying the moneys a riling by such fels in dif chergkig the encumbrance therein mentioned, and for laying out the remainder in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same nfes*

9. An act to citable certain trustees, named in the settlement of sir Stafford Northern baronet, deceased, to rail a competent sum of money, by way of. mortgage of port of the hereditament comprised in such settlement, to be applied in completing the pucebafe of an undivided moiety, or half part, of the manor of lddefiey> in the county of Devon, to be settled to the same use, and for the like purposes as the other undivided moiety of the same manor Hands limited and chargpd by the fettlemeut and will of the said sir Stafford Northcote.

joan act for veftmg part of the settled estates ef Philip tvycteh Mayow efqtnre, in Ajhbrenton alias a/hprington^ m Devon, in trustees, to be sold; and settling other estates of greater value m lieu thereof

II An act for vesting certain estates and chattels, devised by the will of Picket A Rayniford inquire, deceased \ part of certain estates comprised in a settlement made on the marriage bf Richard Reynsfcrd the younger esquire, in trustees, to sell the same; and for applying the money to arise by such fete in such mahner as in the said act mentioned.

12. An act for dividing and inciofing the open fields; and a parcel of common or waste ground, in the manors of goodman bant in thfe county of Tori.

13. An oft for dividing, inciosing, and improving, certain commons, lands, and grounds, in the township of Rigton^ in the parish of Kirkby overmm, in the county of Tori; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act for dividing and inciofing a large open and uncultivated common, or tract of ground, parcel of the forteft of Mfttdip\ situate within the parishes of Doulting and Stoke Saint Michael) otherwrfe Stake lane, in the county of Somerjet.

15. An act for dividing and inciofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and cowmonable .lands, rn the parish of Potutfputy, and hamlet of Tardley Gobyon, in the said parish of Potterfpury, and also a parcel f iatad called Kerrfon Field, in the parish ot Cofgrave, in the county of Northampton.

16. An act for dividing and inciofing the wastes, nrosse, heaths, and commons, in the parish of Hamner in the county of Flint.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

17. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, ings* meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands within the parish of Fulletby, in the county of Lincoln

18. An act to enable John Clarke esquire, (heretofore called John Plomer) and the heirs male of his body, to take and bear the furnatne and arms of Clarke, pursuant to the will of Richard Clarke esquire deceased

19. An act for naturalising Charles Bigot

20. An act for naturalising Louis Jouenne.

21. An act for vesting diverse manors, lands and hereditaments, in the county of Southampton, the settled estate of sir Ja coo Wolf baronet, in trustees, to be conveyed to a purchaser thereof, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the pqrchafe of other estates, to be settled to the same uses.

22. An act for declaring certain lands, allotted to John Harrison esquire, in the parish of Bishop Norton, in the county of Lincoln, to be copyhold and freehold respectively, pursuant to the award of the commissioners appointed by an act of parliament of the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing certain open fields,, lands, and grounds, in the township and parish of Bishop Norton, in the county of Lincoln.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, in the township and parish of Scroohy9 in the county ot Nottingham.

24. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Scaldwelly in the county of Northampton.

25. An act for dividing, indosing, and allotting, the several commons and waste lands, within the manor and parish of wol verley9 in the county of Worcester.

2b. An act for naturalising Daniel Henry Rucker.

27. An act for exchanging the advowson of the church of Hinton Mertelly otherwise Hinton Martelly in the county of dor fet9 belonging to his Majesty, for the advowson of the church of Fringfordy otherwise Ferringfordy in the county of Oxford, belonging to the right honourable Mary countess dowager of Shajtejbury.

28. An act for exchanging certain lands and tenements, part of the estates comprised in the settlement made on the marriage of the right honourable George lord viscount Torringtony for certain lands and tenements, belonging to the president and scholars of Saint John Baptist Coliege, in the university of Oxford; and also for exchanging certain mills and lands thereto bdonging, likewise comprised in the said settlement, for certain lands and tenements belonging to John Dilly gentleman.

29. An act to confirm a lease, made b William Lamherty an infant, with the consent of his guardians, to the right honourable ildward Smith Stanley commonly called Lord Stanley y of lands in the parish of Woodmanjhrny in the county of Surrey.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

30. An act to enable the reverend John Blackburn, vicar of the parish and parish church of boffau in the county of York) to make and establish an exchange of certain messuages, tenements, lands, and hereditaments, in the said county of York, for other lands and hereditaments, in the same county, belonging to Henry Brewster Darley esquire.

31. An act to exchange lands between the trustees of a certain charity estate at Hartwell) in the county of Aftddlesex, and jviuiam and Henry Berners esquires.

32. An act for effeding an exchange between John Parker and Montagu Edmund Parker, esquires, of parts of their settled estates, in the county of Devon * and for other purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act for vesting several messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Devon, and city of Exeter, late the estate of Robert Stone gentleman, deceased in trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the purchasers thereof; and to apply the money arising by such sale in payment of the debts of the said Robert Stoney pursuant to a decree of the court of chancery

34. An act for vesting in trustees several messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the parishes of Artburet and Kirk Andrewes, in the county of Cumberland, part of the estate of Ca thtrine fvtddtington, commonly called Catherine Lady widdrington deceased, for a term of five hundred years, for railing and paying certain sums of money to the reverend Robert Graham clerk; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

35. An act for dividing and enclosing certain common and open fields and meadows, in the parish of Cranford in the county of Northampton.

36. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land, within the parish of Cleeve Prior, in the county of ivorcejler.

37. An act for aividing and enclosing the open arid common fields, and other commonable lands, within the parish of beng worth, in the county of ivorcejler.

38. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land within the precincts of the chapelryor townfhipof Pinvin, in the county of ivorcejler.

39. An act to confirm and establish an agreement and award, for dividing and enclosing the common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor of adlejlrop% in the county of Gloucester.

40. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and all other the commonable grounds, in the hamlets or tythings of Broadwell and Filkins, in the manor and parish of Broadwell) otherwise Broadwell Saint John, in the county of Oxford.

41. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commonable closes, common grounds, heath, and wade grounds, within the manor and parish of Great Rollwright, in the county of Oxford.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

4a. An aa for naturalising Charles Louis pitta.

43* An a for naturalising Peter Aubery.

44. An act to enable duke of Argyll to sell certain right of fenritudc over lands, in the county of Argyll, belonging in property to Hugh Bern inquire, and sir James Campbell baronet.

45. An act for carrying into execution an agreement made between John earl of Breadalbane, and James Mtnzies of Guldares, for the exchange of certain lands in the county of Perth.

46. An at for veiling diverse manors, meffaages, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of ejfex and Norfolk, being the settled estates of James lord viscount Grimflm, of the kingdom of Ireland, in truftoes, to be sold, for difcbargkig portions and encumbrances, and for laying out the residue of the money arising by such fate4n the purchase of other meltuages, lands, and hereditaments, fieuate and being in the county of Hertford, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like uses.

47. An act for eftabltfhing and confirming exchanges of diverse lands and hereditaments, in the parish of Rowsham, in the county of Oxford, puriuoot to articles of agreement between sir Charles Cottrell Dormer, Benjamin Holloway esquire, and thefeve*. rend Harry Lee; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

48. An at to enable the right honourable sir John shehey baronet, and thetruftees named in the settlement on his marriage with dame wuhelmina Shelley deceased, his kte wise, to convey part of the estates, in the countyvof &^*, comprised in such fet* dement, in exchange for, of in lieu of, other estates belonging to the said sir John Sbtlley, in the same county.

49. An a for confirming and rendering effectual a partition and division, made by and between sir James Penrryman baronet, Charles Anderson Pelham esquire, and Michael Newton esquire, of diverse manors, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of York, Lincoln, and Middkjex, and city of London, late the estates of sir Michael Wharton knight, deceased; and for settling and limiting the entire and specific parts and shares, which, upon the said partition and division, have been allotted to each of them, to the several uses therein mentioned.

50. An a for veiling a freehold eilate, late of Eliab Hervey esquire, deceased, called Buokhouse, otherwise Munkham, fituatfc in the parishes of Woodford and Ghigwell, in the county of ejsex, in truftoes, and their heirs, in tfuft, to sell and convey the lame as therein mentioned; and for applying the money arising by sale thereof for the benefit of Edward Hitvey, an, infant, his pnly Ion, and heir at law; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

51. An act to enable Peter Legh cfiqoire, and the reverend

ajbburnbam Legh clerk, to grant building and improving leases of part of their settled estates, within the counties of Lancajiet and cbe/ler. *

52. An al for veiling certain manors, messuages, lands, rents; and hereditaments, in the counties of Kent and Middlesex, part of the settled estates of Meliora Duconfoni the wife of William Dicconfon esquire, in irullees, to be sold; and for investing the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

money arising by such felein the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses..

An act to enable the daan and chapter of the cathedral

church of Worcefitr, and Rowland Berkeley inquire, to make and

cftehlilh an exchange of certain lands and tithes, in the parish of Cetberidge, in the county of Worcester.

54. An act for fate of the estate of Elizabeth mart, an infant, in the counties of Durham and Northumberland.

55. An act to fubjeit and charge the prebend manor of Myth Milton, in the county of Oxford, and the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, thereunto belonging, %ith the payment of two several perpetual yearly rent charges, or annual payments, to the fey trend John wbeel&on, and bis fueceffors, prebendaries of the prebend of Myth Milton aforesaidi and far divesting the see ntuple and inheritance thereof out of him and his successors, and for veiling the same, so charged, in the reverend Charles St urges, his heirs and assigns.

56. An act for impowering the judges of the court of felfiott in Seetlead to sell such part or parts of the estate of Ednam, in the county of Roxburgh, formerly belonging to James esquire,

deceaifed, and now to captain wiluam Dickson, as tial be sufficient for payment of tbc debts aife&ing the same.

57. An act for veftiog pan of the settled estate of William Peacocic esquire, and Emma his wife, in the parish of Uanedwan, in the county of Aiglesea, in the said William Peacock, in fee simple, and for settling an estate of the said William Peacotke, in the parish of Penmynydd, in the same county, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

58. An act for vesting the fee simple and inheritance of the tftates late of Robert Dyne esquire, deocased, in trustees, in truil, to sell and dispose of so much thereof as may be fufticient to pay off and discharge all the debts, legacies, and other encumbrances affeiting the said eilates; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

59. An act for vesting the estate; of Edmund Bull dquire, in the county of Hertford, and city of London, in trustees, to be sold, for tbc payment of debts and encumbrances; and other purposes therein expressed,

60. An act for vesting in the reverend William Peacock and his heirs, in fee simple, part of the glebe lands, and the tithes, of the parish of Danby Whxfke, and Qafferten, other wise in the oeunty of yvrk\and for settling certain freehold estates of the said William Peacock in him and his successors, redoes of the seed parish, in lieu thereof j and for other purposes therein mentioned.

61. An act for vesting certain freehold estates, in the counties

p fberks and Wilts, deviled by the will of William Pitt esquire, dceeased, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by such sale, in the purchafeof other lands and hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to such of the uses limited pr devtfed by the said will, as are, or shall be capable of taking offied. e

TABLE of the STATUTES.

62. An act to enable Moriecai Grunt esquire, and Mary hit wife, to carry into execution an agreement made for.and on the behalf of Alice Bland widow, deceased, with Ralph Milner 5 and also to grant building and repairing leases of such parts of the estates of the said Alice Bland, as lie in or near the town of man chester, and also leases for twenty-one years, of other the estates ate of the said Alice Bland.

63. An act for vesting the freehold and copyhold estates, entailed by the will of William Lock esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold; and for purchafmg other estates, to be settled to the same uses, subject to the annuities and other charges thereon $ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

64. An act for vesting the settled estates devised by the will of Thomas Dudley, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, ahd for applying the money arising by such sale in the purchase of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be settled to the like uies.

65. An act for vesting certain parts of diverse messuages, wharves, and hereditaments, called Montague clo/e, in the county of Surrey, in trustees, in trull, to sell the fames and for other purposea therein mentioned.

66. An act for vesting the several estates of the late Samuel Homing esquire, situate in 'Jamaica, in trustees, in trull, to sell the same, for the payment of the encumbrances thereon, and of his debts; and for other purposes.

67. An act for enclosing and improving several grounds, in the parish of Sledmire, in the East Riding of the county of York.

68. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, lying in the parish of hici ling, in the county of Nottingham.

69. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, hills, Heights, and other commonable lands, within the hamlet of Cutfden, otherwise Cuttefden, in the parish of Bredon, in the county of Worcester.

70. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fens, common meadows, common fields, and waste grounds, in the parish of $)uadring, and in Quadring hundred, in the county of Lincoln.

71. An act for divming and enclosing the commons and common meadows, in the liberty of Brinjky, in the parish of greaf lay, in the county of Nottingham.

72. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain Hinted pasture, called Stockbam Marsh, in the parish of Bremhill in the county of Wilts \ and for exonerating certain old enclosures within the said parish from the payment of tithes.

73. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, and commonable places, of Long Itcbington, and Bajcote, in the county of Warwick.

74. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open arable eld meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of Sutton cum Lound, in the county of Nottingham.

75. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Knapwell, in the county of Cambridge.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

76. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, of and within the parish and liberties of brawn fiortj in the county of Northampton.

77. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fiela and commonable land, lying within the townships, liberties, and precinets, of Upper Tadmartan and Lower Tadmarton9 in the county of Oxford.

78. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, and commons or wade grounds, within the hamlets of Lea and marjlon9 in the parish of Lea Marjion, in the county of Warwick \ and also certain pieces of walle ground, within the liberty of Dunton in the parish of Curdworth9 in the said county.

79. An act for dividing and laying in several ty the open and common fields, and part of the open and common downs, called Southcott and Kepnell Down Wort Down and other commonable placesj and also for dividing and enclosing Pewfey Common, in the parish of Pewfey, in the county of Wilts.

80. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and all other the commonable grounds, in the parish of Brize Norton, in the county of Oxford.

81. An act to render valid and effectual certain articles of agreement, for enclosing and dividing the copimons and waste grounds in the manor and parish of Kildale9 in the county of York.

82. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, lands, pastures, and commonable grounds, within the township, liberties, and precinets, of Claydon9 in the parish of Cropredy9 in the county of Oxford.

83. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Todnam9 otherwise Todenbam9 in the county of Gloucefttr.

84. An act for dividing and enclosing a moor, called Alnham

Moor or Alnham Common and also the Infield Grounds of the town ship of Alnham9 in the parish of Alnham9 in the county of northumberland ,

An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and commons, within the parish and liberties of Spaldwick with Upthorpe9 in the county of Huntingdon.

86. An act to diflblve the marriage of Robert Greene merchant, with Juliana Greene otherwise Judge his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for, other purposes therein mentioned.

87. An act for naturalising Levina Benjamina Goodrich.

88. An act for rendering effectual a proposal, or agreement, made between the duke of Buccleugh and the lord bishop of win ehejler9 for exchanging and enfranchiling certain leasehold and copyhold lands and hereditaments, in the parish and manor of ad4erhury9 in the county of Oxford; and for enabling the said bishop to grant leases in manner therein mentioned.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

89. An act for appointing new cruftees, to carry into execution, an ad, passed in the eighth year of his present majcfty’s reign, entitled. An aftfir the mote efeftuavy carrying into execution an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act sir vesting in trujiees the settled ejlate of Washington earl Ferrers, in the cot^nty of Derby, to he sold, for satisfying the encumbrances and portions affecting the same, and the rest of the settled estate, and for other purposes therein mentioned, in the room and Head of those appointed by the said ad, who are desirous of resigning the trull thereby repofad in them.

90. An act for the say and enfranchisement of certain copyhold tenements and premises, in the parish of Leeds, in the county of Tort, part of the estate belonging to the free grammar School there, for the purpose of creding a public cloth hall, and making avenues or passages thereto and for applying the purchase money for the benefit of the said School.

91. An act to confirm Several building leases, already granted by the right honourable the earl of Sefton, of the kingdom of Irelandof part of his settled estates in the county of Lancefter\ and to enable him during his life, and after his decease the trustee during the minority of any infant, to grant other building and improving leases; and for other purpoies in the said ad mentioned,

92. An act for vesting certain lands at Hadley, itt the parish Wellington, in the county of Salop, devised by the will of the reverend joshua Pulfird clerk, deceased, in jo/bua Freeman and his heirs.

93. An act to enable the reverend Edmund Hedjhon, rector of Spinnithorne, in the county of York, to exchange the tithes of the townships of Hamby and Spinnithorne, for lands in the parish of Goverham, in the county of York, belonging to Mr. William Baynes, to be settled to the same uses.

94. An act for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the powers granted by an ad, passed in the eighteenth year of hi late tnajefty King Goorge the Second, entitled. An act for faleof certain leaf held estates, late of Sarah Eaton deceased, and by her devised to the proyost, fellows, and scholars, of Worcester Coliege, in the vniverfityof Oxford, andfor laying out the money ariftng thereby in the purchase offie ftmple estates;; for other purposes therein mentioned; and for indemnifying the acting trustee or nruftees, appointed under the said ad, for having expended a larger sum of money than allowed by that ad; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

95. An act for dividing and indofiag the open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable lands, within the parish of Wootton Wawcn, otherwise Waves Wootton, in the county of Warwick.

THE

statutesat Large, C

Anno regni GEORGII III Regis, nee Britannia, Framice, K &,

decitno quinto.

AT the parliament begun and held at west minster, the twenty-ninth day of November, Anno Domini 1774., in the fifteenth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C Being thefirstfejfion of the fourteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP; I.

An act to allow the importation of Indian corn and maize under certain rejlriftions

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign 6f his present Majesty, entitled, An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, it was among other things, provided, That when the price of several Jorts of grain exceeded certain prices therein mentioned, that the same, and other grain and pulse, Should be imported, paying a small duty: and whereas the grain, com monly called Indian Corn and Maize, was in the said aft omitted, although applicable to the same purposes with some of the other grains in the said act enumerated and permitted to be imported, as aforesaid: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted \ be it enacted by the king’s moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That from and after the palling or this astf when barley is allowed by the said act to be imported into this kingdom, upon the payment of a duty of twopence per quarter, the importation of Indian corn and maize be permitted, on the payment of a duty of one penny per quarter, and no more, under the like provisions and regulations, and with the like appropriation of the duty on the lame, as barley i allowed to be imported by the said act; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

VOL XXXI B PAP.

Preamble,

After palling 1 this act Indian corn and maize may be imported, paying i d.per quarter, under the like regulations as barley is allowed to be impot ted by 13 Geo.

9 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 2 — 6. [1775.

Cap. II.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, muni, Cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy»five.

CAP. III

An act for granting an aid to hu Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Brita n, for the service of the year one thouiaud (even hundted and (cventy five. At three shillings in the pound.

CAP. IV

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

CAP. V

An act to repeal so much of an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to prevent the exportation to foreign parts of utensils made ufeof in the cotton, linen, woolien, and silk manufactures of this kingdom, as relates to wool cards used in the woollen manufactures of this kingdom, intended to Ife exported to any of his Majestys colonies or plantations in America.

Preamble. "IT WHEREAS by a clause in an act, passed in the fourteenth Clause in aft YV year f the reign of his present Majejlf, entitled, An act 14 Gfo 3. pro to Prevcnt the exportation to foreign parts of utensils made use hibiting the of in the cotton, linen, and woolien, and silk manufactures of exportation of this kingdom, the collecting of tools and implements used in the woollen the^ooliert manufacture, with intent to export the same, is prohibited under cer manufactory, tain penalties and forfeitures: and whereas the exportation of wool recited, cards to his Majejlf s colonies in North America hath been very benefit ialf or a great number of years pafi, both to this country and the faii coionics, and the prohibition of the Exporting of them having proved extremely prejudicial to great numbers of poor families in England, by the stoppage of the trade of making such wool cards \ be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, and by this act That so much of the said clause as prohibits the collecting or repealed, sofar obtaining of implements and tools used in the woollen manil f^ewrta ^a<^ure this kingdom, for the purpose of exporting the same to tion otwool f°me other part or place than Great Britain or Ireland, shall be, cards, C to and the same is hereby repealed, as far as relates to wool cards, America. Cr dock cards, not exceeding in value four (billings per pair, and spinners cards, not exceeding in value one shilling and sixpence per pair, used in the said woollen manufacture, intended to be exported to any of his majedy’s colonies or plantations in America.

CAP. VI

An act for punuhing mutiny and desertion j and for the better payment of the airoy and their quarters.

1775 1 Anno decimo quinto georgii III 0.7, 8, 9. $

CAP. VIJ.

continue for 0 farther lime an act, made in the eighth year of his present Majesty9 s reign, entitled, An act to continue and amend an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time \ and for extending the provisions of the said acts to potatoes, and all kinds of pulfc.

WHEREAS an q ft was made in the fifth year of his present Preamble.

Majesty s reign, (entitled, An act for importation of salted Aft 5 Geo. 3* beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time) r and whereas an act Was made in the eighth year of his present Ma Aft % Geo 3# jejly s reign, to continue and amend the said sir ft mentioned aft, and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time: and whereas by six acts, made in the ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, their and aft 9, u, teentb, and fourteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, the »& *4 said last mentioned aft was continued until the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and jeventy five: and whereas it is expedient that the importation of tbo said goods and commodities should be allowed for a longer time: may it therefore please your Majesty that it. may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act, made in the eighth year of his present majesty’s reign, (entitled. An act to continue and amend an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the.british dominions in America, fora limited time,) shall continue, and be in full force and efsect, until the thirtieth day of .March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy Mar, 1776# six.

II And whereas the free importation of potatoes and pulse from Ireland, maybe advantageous, b.c.. it enacted, That during the con titjuancc of this act, potatoes, and all kinds cf pulse, may be im maybeimport^ ported into Great Britain from Ireland free of duty. ed duty free.

CAP. VIII

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia ip that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and evemy five.

CAP. IX

An act to amend an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of hit present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal'from toe Coventry capal navigation xo the city of Oxford.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii 111. C io. [1775.

CAP. X

An act to refrain the trad and commerce of the provinces c/mafla chufet’s Bay and New Hampshire, and colonies of Connecticut, xcnd Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British islands in the West Indies; and to prohibit Jucb provinces and colonies from ' tarrying on any fishery on the banks of Newfoundland, or other places therein mentioned, under certain conditions and limitations.

Preamble.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign

cuufe in aft VV of king Charles the Second, entitled, An act for the eri ift Car. ft. re couraging and increasing of shipping and navigation; and byfe cited. veral fubjequent acts of parliament which are now in force, it is, a

mongjt other things, enacted, That for every Jbip or vessel which jbah load any commodities, in those acts particularly enumerated, at any Bridfh plantation, being the growth, product, or manufacture there of bonds shall.be given, with one surety, to the value of one thousand pounds, if the Jbip be oflefs burden than one hundred tonnes, and of the sum of two thousand pounds, if the Jhip be of greater burden, that the same commodities Shall be brought by such Jhip or vessel to same other British plantation, or to some port in Great Britain: and whereas, by several other acts oj parliament which are now in force, no commodities of the growth produfl, or manufacture of Europe, (except salt for the fijberies, wines of the Madeiras and Azores and Weftera Islands, and victual and linen cloth from Ireland, under the rejhric tions in such acts particularly mentioned), can be imported into any plantation, colony, territory, or place, belonging to his Majesty, in Asia, Africa, or America, but what Shall be bona side, and without fraud, laden and Jkipped in Great Britain, and carried direct fy from thence: and whereas, during the continuance of the combinations and disorders, which at this time prevail within the provinces of maflachufet’s Bay and New Hampshire, and the colonies of Connecticut and Rhode Island, to the objlruflion of the commerce of these kingdoms, and other his Majestys dominions, and in breach and violation of the laws of this realm, it is highly unfit that the inhabitants of the said provinces and colonies Should enjoy the same privileges of trade, and the same benefits and advantages to which his Majefif s faithful and obedient fub after July 1, jets are entitled be it therefore enacted by the king’s mod ex-1775* no 9 cellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lofds goods, wares, spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament C enumerate assembled, and by the authority of the same. That from and af aft LI Car. I. tcr tie ^ jub*one thousand seven hundred and seventy bcingthe * five, and during the continuance of this a St, no goods, wares, growth, pro or merchandises, which are particularly enumerated in, and by m^achufet’ t*lc ^ a mac 'n twe^lh Year ot king Charles the Second, Bay, C arcto or ny other act, being the growth, product, or manufacture of be brought in the provinces of Mafjachufet's Bay, or New Hampshire, or colo to some other nies of Connecticut, Rhode island, or Providence Plantation, in bntijh colony, }jortb America, or any or either of them, are to be brought to Britain some other British colony, or to Great Britain or any such enumerated

*775*] Anno dcdmo quinto Georoti III C io. 5

merited goods, wares, or merchandise, which shall at any time or times have been imported or brought into the said provinces %

or coionics, or any or either of them, shall be shipped, carried, conveyed, or transported, from any of the said provinces or colonies respectively, to any land, island, territory, dominion, port, or place whatsoever, other than to Great Britain, or some of the British islands in the fpeji Indies, to be laid on shore there; arid t” .° * that no other goods, wares, or merchandise whatsoever, of the musc growth, product, or manufacture of the provinces or colonies tureof thepro herein before mentioned, or which shall at any time or times viaces men have been imported or brought irito the same, shall, from and y9 to after the said nrft day of July, and during the continuance of this ^ anyo^er wk, be shipped, carried, conveyed, or transported, from any of piaceexccptto the said provinces or colonies respectively, to any other land, Great Britain, island, territory, dominion, port, or place whatsoever, except to or ireland, C the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or to some of the British islands in the West Indiesr to be laid on shore there; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Bond, with from and after the said first day ot July, before anv ship or vef ^ertbefide* fel shall lade, or take on board any goods, as aforesaid, in any or u, e fhipmaf cither of the provinces or colonies before mentioned, sufficient ten, before bond, with one surety, besides the matter of such ship or vessel, taking on shall be given to the colleflor, or other principal officer 6f the ^^oltoosrlie cuflbms at the port or place where such goods are intended to growth, of be laden, or taken on board, in the penalty of one thousand laid provinces pounds, if the ship be of less burden than one hundred torts, and of the sum of two thousand pounds, if the ship shall be of that or any greater burden, with condition that such enumerated goods shall not be landed, or put on shore, at or upon any other land, island, territory, dominion, port, or place whatsoever, except some port or place within the kingdom of Great Britain, or some of the British islands in the ivejl Indies and that all other goods, wares, or merchandises, so intended to be laden as aforesaid, shall not be landed or put on shore at or upon any land, island, territory, dominion, port, or place whatsoever, other than and except some port or place within the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or some of the British islands in the West Indies % and with further condition to bring a certificate in Shipmaftert tw difcharee thereof, within eighteen months from the date of such bond, for such of the said goods as shall be entered for or landed 1*, ^. of

it Great Britain or Ireland respectively, and within six months goods, for such of the said goods as shall be entered for or landed in any of the British islands in the Wtjl Indies \ which respective certifi '"Mdi *** *> cates shall blunder the hands and seals of office of the collector ^cskaorifc and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs, refi tj, C pon nt at the port or place where such goods shall be landed, testi where landed, fying the landing thereof; or such bond or bonds shall and may, be discharged by proof, upon oath made by credible persons, shat the said goods.were taken by enemies, or pcrittied in the tas.

b3 III And

tify the same.

Goods laden on board before bond given, or

with the lliip, C

6 Anno decimo quinto Gedrgii L cio, [1775.

After bond

III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore have been de fajdj That where any such bond or bonds shall be given, as lector toccer af°rcfeid* in pursuance of this athe collector, or other principal officer of the customs, to whom such bond or bonds shall have been given, shall deliver, under his hand and seal of office, without fed or reward, to the matter of the ship or vessel taking in such goods, for the security of her navigation, a certificate, that such bond or bonds hath or have been given, exprefiing therein the quantity and species of the goods, with the marks and numbers of the packages, and the port or place for which they were entered; and if any such goods shall be laden on board any such ship or vessel in any of the provinces or colonies in this act before mentioned, before such bond or bonds shall be without ccrti given, or shall be found on board any ship or vessel without the they are certificate herein before directed, that such bond or bonds hath or ave keen given, the goods so laden, together with the ship wi » nn. ^ vc(j*ci^ wjth hcr guns, ammunition, tackle, apparel, and furniture, hall be forfeited; and if any goods, so laden as aforesaid, shall he landed or discharged at any port or place, contrary to the intent and meaning .of this acts, over and above the penalty of the bond or bonds, the fhipper and owner of such goods, pnd the matter or person taking charge of the vessel on board which they were laden, shall respectively forfeit the full value of the goods so landed or discharged, to be estimated according to the highest price or value which such sort of goods bear in, the province or colony where and at the time when they were shipped and laden; which ship and goods may be seized and prosecuted, or the value of such goods prosecuted for, by any admiral, chief commander, or commissioned officer of his majesty*s fleet or ships of war, or by any officer of his majesty’s customs, in the manner herein after directed.

iy. And it is hereby further ©nadted by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy fiye, and during the continuance of this act, no sort of wines, salt, or any goods or commodities whatsoever, (except horses, vidlual, and linen cloth, the produce and pianufaflure of Ireland, imported diredfly from thence), shall be imported into any of the said colonies or provinces herein before respectively mentioned, upon any pretence whatsoever, unless ttnfett^withoutfuch goods shall be bona side and without fraud laden and shipped «. a Great 2ritainy and carried directly from thence, upon forfeiture thereof, and of the ship or vessel on board which such goods shall be laden; and it shall be lawful for any admiral, chief commander, or commissioned officer, of his majesty’s fleet, or ships of war, or any officer of his majesty’s customs, to seize any ship Nor vessel arriving at any of the said provinces or colonies before mentioned, or which shall be difeoyered within two leagues of any shore thereof, having such goods on board, and the goods laden thereon, (except as before excepted), for which the matter, pr other person taking charge of such ship or vessel, shall not produce a cocfcft or clearance frojq tfte po|letftor? or proper offi ............................................ ' FASTER

Sept, i, 1775, certain goods prohibited to be brought into tfre coionics,

fraud shipped from Great Jlritaii).

7

cerof his majesty’s customs, certifying that the said goods were laden on board the said ship or vcflej, in some port of Great Britain; any law, custom, or qsage, to the contrary notwithstanding' '

Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the This afrnot

authority aforesaid. That this actor anything herein contained, t0 extend to shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit the ex fcltary hi"

portatioo or carrying out from any of the provinces or colonies majesty’s ships before mentioned, or the importation into the same, of any goods of war orforts, or commodities whatsoever for the victualling or providing any cof

his majesty’s ships of war, or other ships or vessels in his

majesty’s service, or for his majesty’s foroes, sorts, or garrisons' '

thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Nor |1?n(|ej.t|ie

VI And provided also. That nothing herein contained (flail tawfiu?fnp0r extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or restrain the law tation of goods full importation into any or either of the said provinces or colo from the bri nies herein before mentioned, from any of the British islands in

the jvefi Indies, of any such goods or commodities, being the colonies growth or produce thereof, as may now by law be imported from thence into the said provinces or coionics, or any or either of

VII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any ship or vessel, being the property of the subjects After July to, of Great Britain, not belonging to and fitted out from Great Bri Vessels not tain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, fitted out from or Man, shall be found, after the twentieth day of July, one Great Britain thousand seven hundred and seventy five, carrying on any fish fc filing ery, of what nature or kind soever, upon the banks of Newfound Newfound? land, the coast of Labrador, or within the river or gulf of Saint \nnd, 8a:. to be Lawrence, or upon the coast of Cape Breton, or Nova Scotia, or forfeited, with any other part of the coast of North America, or having on board *£cir fackle, materials for carrying on any such fishery, every such fhipor&c* vessel, with her guns, ammunition, tackle, apparel, and furniture, together with the fish, if any shall be found on board, shall be forfeited, unless the master, or other person, having the charge jj^uce pro. of such ship or vessel, do produce to the commahder of any of his per certifi majesty’s ships of war, ftationedfor the protection and uperin cates, C tendence of the British fisheries in America, a certificate, under the hand and seal of the governor or commander in chies, of any of the colonies or plantations of Quebec, Newfoundland, Saint John, Nova Scotia, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, mary land, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, East Florida, ivejl Florida, Bahamas, and Bermudas, setting forth, that such ship or vessel, expreffmg her name, and the name of her master, and deferibing her built and burden, hath fitted and cleared out, from some one of the said colonies or plantations, in order to proceed upon the said fishery, and that (he actually and bona side belongs to and Is the whole and entire property of his majesty’s subjects, inhabitants of the said colonjr or plantation; which certificates such governors, or commanders in chief fefpedlively, are hereby authorised and require to grant.

them.

B +

VIII An

Anno decitno quinto Georgii III C 10. [1775.

1 VIIL And to the end that the foregoing prohibitions, r(firi£tiont% dnd regulations, may be more effequally curried into execution, it is Commander hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall othismajesty’s an(j may jawfui to and for all or any of the commanders of etc^o'learcb majesty’s ships or vessels of war, Rationed and appointed for all ship carry the regulation and protection of the British fiftiery upon th Irtg on the said coasts of North America, or to and for the commanders of any fi/henet,, other of his majesty’s ships or vessels employed at sea, and they and every of them asse hereby required and enjoined to examine search, and viftt a; L ships and vessels suspected to be carrying on and to fctee, the said fisheries; and to fcifce, arrest, and prosecute, in manner shall not have herein after directed, ail and every such ships and vessels as shall the certificate he found to be carrying on the said fiftieries, not belonging to before requir and fitted out from Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of d. Guernfey9 jtrf<y% Alderney, Sarty or Many "which shall not have

on board the certificate herein before required.

IX Provided always, and be it further enacted by the audio This act not to rity aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or cleared^ut1^ con^rued to extend, to empower any officer of his majesty’s from the'said (h‘ps f war or of his majesty’s customs, to seize any ship or colonies before vessel which shall be fitted and Cleared out from any of the said June 1, for the colonics and provinces before the first day of June one thousand only fcven hundred and seventy five, for the whale fishery only, and

*1 which shall be found carrying on such fishery within the limits

aforesaid, between the said first day of June and the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, and not carrying on, nor having on board any materials for carrying on, any other fiftiery.

Ndr to aifeft X And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That ships belong nothing in this act contained, respecting the fimeries carried on ifland°ofnan i majesty’s subjects in North America, shall afsect, or be tucket, cleared construed to afsect, any ship or vessel, her guns, ammunition, out for’the tackle, apparel, furniture, or fish, on board, being the property whale fishery, of any of the inhabitants of the iflaad of Nantucket, employed or fiprt n wale fiftiery only, if it shall appear by the papers on board, PR 1 ca e. tjiat such ^jp or vessel was fitted and cleared out from thence before the first day of Junes one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, or if the master, or other person having the charge of any such ship or vessel as aforesaid, (nail produce a certificate, under the hand and seal of the governor or commander in chief of the province of \h^majfachufet'sbay% setting forth, that such ship or vessel (expressing her name, and the name of her matter, and deferibing her built and burden) is the whole and entire property of his majesty’s subjects of the said island of Nantucket, and Was the property of one or more of them on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, and that (he was cleared out with materials on board in order to proceed upon the whale fiftiery only; anything in this act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XI Provided also, and be it erufted by the authority aforesaid.

That

1775-1 anmj decimoquinto Georgii III C io. 9

That nothing in this a & contained, respecting the fisheries carried Nor any fitted on by his majesty’s fubjetfs in North America, shall extend, or be out by the construed to extend, to any ship or vessel, being the property of (

any of the inhabitants of the town(hips of Marjbfield and Scituate ****

the provincc_of Maffachufefs Bay, employed in or carrying on the mackerel, (had, and alewife fisheries only, if the master, or other person having the charge of any such ship or vessel, as aforesaid, shall produce a certificate, under the hand and seal of the governor, or commander in chies, of the province of the majfa chufet'sbay* setting forth, that such ship or vessel (expressing her name, and the name of her master, and deferibing her built and burden) isjhe whole and entire property of his majesty’s subjects of the said townships of Marjbfitld and Scituate, and was the property of one or more of them, on or before the twenty-fifth day of March, in the year one thouiand seven hundred and seventy five, which certificate or certificates such governor or commander in chief is hereby authorised and required to grant.

XII Provided always, and be it enacted. That the river which The overrun

emptieth itself into rajfamacadie or Pajfamaquadi Bay on the ninginto paf weftem side, and is commonly called and known by the name of *td

Saint Croix River, be held and deemed for all the purposes in thybwndarv this act contained, to be the boundary between the provinces of between Mau Majfacfrufefs Bay and Nova Scotia. fachuftt's Bay

XIII And whereas it is the intent and meaning of this act, that the JP® Nova Sco* several prohibitions and rejlraints herein imposed upon the trade and commerce, and fisheries, of the said provinces and colonies Should be discontinued

and ceafe^fo soon as the trade and commerce of his Majeftfs fubjefis may be carried on without interruption; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall be made j^?ieneirerit appear to the satisfaction of his majesty’s governor or commander governor in chies, and the majority of the council, in the provinces of New of newhamp* Nampjhire and majfachutet's Bay respectively, that peace and obe shire, ice. that dience to the laws shall be sofar restored within the said pro p**<*i*fofrr vinces, or either of them, that the trade and commerce of his 32

majesty’s subjects may be carried on without interruption with trade may be in the same; and that goods, wares, and merchandise, have been carried on, he freely imported into the said provinces, or either of them, from j?to notify the Great Britain, and exposed to falc, without any let, hindrance, c}^trir0]jro' or molestation, from or by reason of any unlawful combinations 1

to prevent or obstruct the same; and that goods, wares, and merchandise, have in like manner been exported from the said provinces, or either of them respectively, to Great Britain, for and during the term of one calendar month preceding; that then, and in such case, it shall and maybe lawful for the gover her or commander in chies, with the advice of the council of such provinces respectively, by proclamation, under the seal of such refpeflive province, to notify the same to the several officers of the customs, and all others; and after such proclamation, this n with refpefl to such province, within which such proclamation or proclamations have been issued as aforesaid, shall be discon tinued and ccafe, (except as herein after provided); and all officers

io Anno decimo quinto georgii III C io. [1775

and all offi ficcrs of his majesty’s cuftoths, and all other persons having cuttcms^&c c*larse le execution of this act, having received due notice of are required to proclamation, are hereby directed and required to yield and pay due obe p3y obedience to such proclamation, and to proceed in the dif diencc thereto, cha/ge of their respective duties, in admitting to entry, clearing, and discharging, all ships and vtflfels, and all goods, wares, and merchandises, into and out of such respective province; and to permit and suffer any ships or vessels to carry on the fisheries within the limits herein before mentioned, in like manner as if this act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary nolwithftanding.

If application XIV And be it further enacted, That the governor or com baltof tne cot, anc^er n chies, with the advice of the council of the province Ionics ot Con of Mafjachufet's Bay, shall and may, and he is hereby authorised nedicut and and empowered, upon application for and on behalf of the colo rhode illaud, nies of Connecticut and Rhode island, and Providence Plantation, or ^roved^to the eit^er cm, by the governor or commander in chief of the governor in fd colonies respectively, to issue the like public notice or no ewef, &<-. that tices by proclamation within the said coionics, or either of them, ja*tul trade if it shall be proved to the said governor or commander in chies, ried^tm^he*'!** an counci^ Maffacbufet's Bayy by the testimony of the officers to issue the nke f his majesty’s Cuiloms in each of the said colonies respectively, proclamation, and the said governor or commander in chies, and council, shall be satisfied of the truth thereof, that the lawful trade between the said colonies of Connecticut and Rhode island, and Providence Plantation, and Great Britain, is and hath been carried on in manner herein before mentioned within the said coionics, or either of them, for the space of one calendar month preceding the date of such application; and from and after such proclamation, this act shall, with respect to such coionics, or either of them, be discontinued and cease, (except as herein after provided;) and all officers of the customs in the said coionics, and all others, are hereby required to pay obedience to such public notice of the said governor or commander in chief as aforesaid, and tp proceed in the discharge of their respective duties in admitting to entry, clearing, and discharging, all ships and vessels, and all goods, wares, and merchandise, into and out of such, colony or coionics, in like manner as if this act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That such proclamation or proclamations shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to

any Slurc*0" discharge or suspend any proceedings upon any seizure which inde before shall have been made, or any prosecution which shall have been commenced for any penalty or forfeiture inflicted by this act before the issuing of such proclamation or proclamations.

XVI And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall give or grant any false certificates, cocker, or clearance, for any of the purposes required or directed by this act, such person or persons shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving

Proclamation not to discharge pro

liluing thereof.

Per fonts giving sale certificates, or counterfeiting, C the fa northeast, to tor felt 5001.

XX

1775*1 Anno decimo qviinto Georgii III C io.

ing his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in any office whatsoever; and .if any person or persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify, any certificate, Socket, or clearance, required or directed by this at, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of any false certificate, cocket, or clearance, or of any certificate, rocket, or clearance, so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the fain of five hundred pounds, and such certificate, cocket, or clearance, shall be invalid arid of no eflfect.

XVII And be it further enacied by the authority aforesaid,

That the several forfeitures and penalties inflicted by this at, penalty shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, and be di j^n jepro!(e* vided, paid, and applied, in like manner as other penalties and cuted and ap forfeitures inflicted by any act or acts of parliament, relating to plied.

the trade or revenues of the British colonies or plantations in America, are directed to be jprosecuted, sued for, or recovered, divided, ^ paid, and applied, by two several acts of parliament, the one parted in the fourth year of his present Majesty entitled,.

An act for granting certain duties in the British colonies find plant a tions in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, in aft passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his majesty’s sugar colonies in America; for applying the produce of such duties, and of the duties to arise by virtue of the [aid aft, towards defraying the expenses of defending protesting, and securing, the said colonies and plantations; for explaining an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eajlland trades, and for the better securing the planta trade; and for altering and di fallowing several drawbacks on fxports from this kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clan define conveyance of goods to and from toe said colonies and plantations, and improving and securing the trade between the same and Great Britain; and the other, passed in the eighth year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled. An act for the more easy and effectual recovery of the penalties and forfeitures inflicted by the acts of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the British colonies and plan N

Cations in America.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any per Persons sued (bn or persons, for anything done in pursuance of this act of par liament, the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may an of this plead the general iftue, and give the said act and the special mat may plead the ter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the general issue. same was done in pursuance of and by theauthorityof this act; and if it shall appear foto have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his achon after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same and recover fu defendants have in other cases by law, cap.trewecoft**

Anno decimo quinto georgii III C 11. [1775*

CAP. XI

An act to’amend an act made in the eleventh year of his present mo jefifs reign, For improving and completing the navigation of tne rivers Thames and Isis, from the city of London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

Preamble.

WHEREAS by an act, passed in the twenty-fourth year of the Clause in aft VV reign of his late Majesty, (entitled, An act for the better hgco. <. carrying on and regulating the navigation of ihe rivers Thames and Ifts, from the city of London westward, to the town of Cruklade, in the county of Wilts,) the commissioners thereby appointed were, among other things, empowered to make orders and regulations touching the sizes and draughts of water of all boats barges, and other vessels, navigating the said rivers, and to settle proper gauges on the Jides thereof \ and how deep they Jbouid load at au times, and in different Jeafons of the year, so as no boat, barge, r other vessel, navigating the said rivers, jbouid draw more than four feet of water at any season of the year; and whereas by another act, passed and aft i igco. m the eleventh year of his present Majesty, for improving and compfeat

3. recited. jng said navigation, the commissioners thereby appointed were alfio (amongjl other things) empowered to make orders and regulations touching the sixes and draughts of all boats, barges, and other vessels* navigating the said rivers, and to settle proper gauges on the jidts thereof, and how deep they Jbouid load at all times, so as no boat barge, or other vessel whatsoever, navigating the said river, Jbouid draw more than three feet of water, which depth jbouid be afeertain ed by a firaigbt white line one inch broad, extending from bead ty jlern, on each side of every barge, boat, or vessel; and every per fen offending therein, by navigating bis boat, barge, or vessel, drawing more than three feet of water, or not having the said white line on each side thereof, is thereby made liable to a penalty or forfeiture, not more than twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds, to be levied and daufesnow recovered in manner therein mentioned: and whereas the said rejirii found preju tions, touching the depth of water to be drawn by boats, barges, and diciaj. other vessels, navigated npon the said rivers, have been found to bo

very prejudicial to the barge mafiers, and other persons employed in the said navigation, and tend to enhance the price of carriage of the goods wares, and merchandises navigated thereon: and whereas the white lines before mentioned are frequently worn out or rubbed off by unavoidable Accidents, whereby innocent persons become liable to the said penalty, and the depth of water would be better ascertained by pieces of tin, lead, or other metal, to be affixed in different places on each side of such boats, barges, and other vessels: may it therefore please Regulation y°ur Majesty that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the under this act king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice apd con to be obrerved sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this concerning the present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, allowed xobt at no person qr persons whatsoever shall, from ana after the drawn, palling of this act, be subject or liable toany penalty or forfeiture

merv

1775*1 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C II

mentioned in the said act of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, or any other penalty or forfeiture whatsoever, in respect of the depth or warer to be drawn by any boat, barge, or other ▼effel, navigated on the said rivers, in any district beyond the, flux of the tide, unless such boat, barge, or othervessel, shall draw more than three feet of water, between the first day of May and the first day of November in any year, or more than jhree feet ' and eight inches between the first day of November in any year and the first day of May in the succeeding year; or unless Rich person or persons shall wilfully disobey any order which shall, from time to time, in scarcity of water, be made by the com mtfiioners, or any seven or more of them, at any general meeting to be held in pursuance of the said act of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, for limiting occasionally the draught of water between the first day of November in any year and the first,, of May in the succeeding year, fourteen days notice of fucli order being first printed in the Reading and Oxford Journals; anything in the said two acts of parliament contained, or any order or regulation made by the commissioners, in pursuance of the said acts, or either of them, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II Andy for the better ascertaining fetch depths of water to be drawn by boatsy bargety and other vefjeh navigated upon the said riversj be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in In what man. stead of the white line dfrefted by the said act of the eleventh nr thc d.epttl year of his present Majesty to be had and used for the afcer ^xl^rtsdsacd. taining thereof, the same shall, from and after the passing of this act, be ascertained, as well by frames, gauges, or regulators, to be fixed in every district, at such places as shall be directed by (even or more commissioners at any general meeting, or by three or more commissioners at any district meeting, to be held in

Surfuance of the said act of the eleventh year of his*present tajefty, as by three pieces of tin, lead, or other metal, to be nailed or fattened at proper and convenient distances on each side of every boat, barge, or other vessel, navigated on the said rivers, each of which pieces of tin, lead, or other metal, shall be and contain eight inches in length, and shall be placed perpendicularly, so as for the bottom parts thereof to denote the depth of three feet, and the tops thereof to denote the depth of three feet and eight inches, hereby allowed to be drawn by such boats, barges, and other vessels, during the different periods of time hereih before mentioned: and if any person or persons Penalty for shall navigate his or their boat, barge, or other vessel, not hav. ing the said pieces of tin, lead, or other metal, of the dimen fc?ribedpin "this lions aforesaid, nailed or fastened thereon, according to the di aft, the same reftions herein before mentioned, every such person and per fa for nealeft fons so offending shall be subject and liable to the same Penalty and forfeiture which he or they would have been subject or lia unc$»11 We to for nor having the white line on each side of tuclv boar, barge, or other vessel, if this act had not been made; to be recovered and levied in the same manner as the said penalty or for C feiture

Persons who have navigated boats, C and incurred penalties re fpe&ing white lines, C indemnified from such penalties

except penalties already paid.

Howtherifing of the water to the injury of lands is to be prevented.

Penalty 101. on ncgled of regulations prelcnbcd.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C i X [1775.

future is, by the said act of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, directed to be levied and recovered.

HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no person or persons who hath or have navigated, or caused to be navigated, any boat, barge, or pther vessel, drawing more than three Feet of water, or not having the said white lino on each side thereof, before the passing of this act, shall be fubjedk or liable to any penalty or forfeiture in respect thereof, under or by virtue of the said ad! of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, or otherwise howsoever; but that all and every such person and persons shall be, and they are hereby indemnified from all and every penalty and penalties, forfeiture and forfeitures, by them, or any of them, incurred, by reason of such draught k water having exceeded the depth of three feet appointed by the said ad, or by reason of his or their not having the said white line on each side of such boat, barge, or other vessel; except penalties and forfeitures already paid.

IV And whereas by the said act of the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, the commissioners are empowered to fix a mark or marks at each lock or weir below or above which mark or marks no owner or occupier of any lock or wetr shall knowingly or designedly let the water fall or rise, Unless authorijed foto do in manner directed by the said act: and wbereas9 fence the pafiing of the said act great damages have been sustained by the owners and proprietors of lands and grounds, occasioned by tbeovsners and occupiers of the several locks weirs buds, and floodgates, or their agents and fervants9 neglecting to draw and keep open the same when the water is risen to the guago and level fixed and appointed by and under the authority of the said act; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforeuid. That when and so often as the water shall be raised to and be level with the high water marks, which shall, from rhyme to time, be fet and appointed by the commissioners in pursuance of the said act of parliament, the tenants or occupiers for the time being of the several old locks, weirs, bucks, dams, and floodgates, in and upon the said rivers, or either of them, or the person or persons who for the time being shall be intruded with the opening and (hutting of the same, shall thereupon, with all convenient speed, open such old locks, weirs, bucks, dams, and floodgates, and keep open the same, till the water is sunk below the high water marks so fet and appointed: and in case such tenant or occupier, or person intruded with the opening and (hutting of such old locks, weirs, bucks, dams, or floodgates, shall neglect or refuse to open or keep open the same, as afore said, and shall be thereof convicted upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before one or more of his maiefty’s justices of the peace for either of the counties in which such old lock, weir, buck, dam, or flood gate, shall happen to be, or before any two of the commissioners appointed or to be appointed, in or by virtue of the said act of the eleventn year of his present Majesty, (such commissioners having first duly qua listed thetnfelves under the ad,) every such person and persons

V

1775.] Anno decimo quinto georgh III c.11, ti.

foas so neglecting or refuting, and being thereof convicted, 3# aforesaid, (hal forfeit the Turn of ten pounds; to be levied by diftrefsand faleof the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of such justice or justices of the peace, or of such two commissioners, as aforesaid, and to be applied and disposed of for the use of the said navigation.

V Andy for the preventing any fraud or abuse in setting thefcfii Lock owners water marksy ht it further enacted by the authority aforesaid * not a as That no owner or proprietor, tenant or occupier of any old commissioners lock, weir, buck, dam, or flood gate, upon either of the said rivers,

shall a as a commitiioner under the said as of pat lia mentor either of them, for the purpose of setting or appointing the said water marks, or any or either of them, under the like penalty or forfeiture which he or they would have been fubjedk or liable to for acting under any difqualitication contained"!ti the said act of the eleventh year of his present majesty’s reign; and to be recovered, levied, and applied; in the same manner as such penalty or forfeiture under the said last mentionfed act is thereby directed to be recovered, levied, and applied, and not otherwise.

VI Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Pcrfuns think person or peifons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, ing themfeives by reason of any penalty or forfeiture being levied in pursuance a3gricvcd

of this act, he, (he, or they, shall have, and be entitled to, the to

same benefit of appeal to the justices of peace, assembled at any fcflions. quarter sessions, as is allowed in and by the said act of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, in any case where penalties and forfeitures are thereby inflicted.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Pubiick aft. That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick adtj and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specialty pleading the same.

CAP. XII

An act to enable the commissioners, adtinr by virtue of an act, made in the twenty fevenrh year of the reign of nis majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving the north level, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford le*vely and diverse lands adjoining thereto, in the manor of Cropland, to charge further Taxes upon the said north level, and the said adjoining lands.

Preamble, clause in act 15 Car. a. recited. CL a use in act *7 Geo. a. and in act 11 Geo. 3. recited. Commissioners appointed by act of s7 Geo. a. at their general meeting empowered to lay further yearly taxes. Lands excepted. How the sums raised are to be applied. Commissioners for the » five districts, wjth content of devisees of the duke of Bedford, sir Sampfoi\

Gideon, and Mr. Hunter, C empowered to lay a farther tax for one year.

How the said tax for one year is to be applied. Lands and grounds rated to be taken according to the quantity ascertained by act oj Geos. Tenants to pay taxesj and if they hold the lands at rack rents, may dedudt the same from their rents. Landlords to allow such dedndtions. Certain lefltes not entitled to dedudt the taxes. If any persons neglect or refute to pay the taxes, receivers may enter upon their lands, and levy the same by distress; and if not found on their lands, may distrain their

goods

i6 Anno dectmo quinto Georgii III C t3, 14. [1775i

goods in any other place in Great Britain. Goods distrained may be (old for payment of taxes. Lands untenanted to remain a security for payment. In case certain lands be not sufficiently drained pithin two years owners, C may ered a mill or engine, cat what time such engine so erected may not be worked. Commiilioners may stop such engine when the water nfes above a certain guage. Limitation of actions. General issue. Double costs. Saving clause for the conservators of Bedford Level Public ad.

CAP. XIII

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundreds of east and west Flegg, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP. XIV

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled, An act to amend an act, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty' ' George the Second, entitled, An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufadure of hats, and in the woolien, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot prefiers, and of all persons employed in tie said several manufadures* and for the better payment of their wages.

Preamble. Wf HEREAS by an ad, made in the fourteenth year of the * V V reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to amend an Ad 14geo. 3# made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the second, entitled, An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woolien, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, andfilk manufactures; andfor preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers andjourneymen hot prefers, ana of all persons employed in the said several manufactures j and for the better payment of their wages;) certain penalties therein mentioned are inflicted on persons convicted of reeling false or short yarn, but no provtflon is made for recovery of the said penalties, or of the cojls and charges attending such prosecutions, by means whereof the good purposes intended by the said act are rendered intf* feftual; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affemblfed. After ptfling and by the authority of the same. That from and after thepaf

this act, the fine of this act, the several pecuniary penalties inflicted by the

f^eralperul upon persons who shall be convicted of reeling false or

byad 14 Geo. ort yarn toget^cr with the costs and charges attending such on persons * shall (in case the same are not paid according to reeling short the order of the justice or justices before whom such person or y*rn> to persons shall be so convicted) be levied by distress and sale of the distress of the bs and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant or war offenders rants under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of the justice or goods justices before whom such offender or offenders shall be so convicted

i jt75.5 Ahrid deciriio cjuinto gfeorglj III C 1$. 1^

vided, together with the colls and charges of making such distress and sale; and if no goods and chattels belonging to such an frf offender or offenders Can be found fuffleient to answer the said penalties, together with the colls and charges of such distress fpun<i, they nd sale, then such jullice or jullices shall and may cause such are to be com offender ajr offenders to be committed to the common gaol, or dieted for one house of corredioo} of the county, nding, division, city, liberty, month.

. or plice, where such offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the space of one calendar month, unless fach penalties and forfeitures, and the reasonable charges of such distress and fate, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

II Provided nevertbeiefs* and be it further Enacted, That if If persons any person or persons shall think him, her, or themselves ag grieved by anything done in pursuance df this act, it shall arid ed^rti^nay* may be lawful fdr fudi person or persons to appeal to the jullices appeal to bf the peace, at the next general or quarter sessions df the peace fe.tiontj to be held for the county, riding, city of place, where the cause of complaint shall arise; and the jullices, in their said general or quarter sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the matter of every such appeal, and to make such ordef therein, as to them shall feetti reasonable, and according to the true intent and meaning of this act * which determination of the the deter said jullices in sessions, on every and any such appealj shall be and are hereby declared to be final and coriclulivc. be'flnah**

CAP. XV

An act to amend and render more cfftftual in his Majesty's dominions in America an act, passed in the present ftjfion of parliamenty in tituied, An ad fdr punilhijg mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and for extending the protoifions of the said act to bis Maytjly's marine forces in America.

whereasw and by an act, made in this present fefflon bf pfcajftt, ta. parliament, entitled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the arihy ind their quarters, several regulations are made and enacted for the better government of the army and their observing strict diftipline, and for providing quarters for the army and carriages on matches and other necessary occafms, and inflating penalties on offenders agaihft the f ime aft and for many other good purposes therein mentioned; but thefamb may not be Efficient for the forces that may be employed in his Mayfly's dominions in America; and Whereas, during the continuance of the said act 9 there may be occafton for matching and quartering of regiments and companies of his Majesty's forces in several parts of his Majesty's dominions in America, and whereas the public houses and tarrocks in his Majestys dominions in America may not be fuss dent to jupply quarters for such foroes: and wbeteas it is expedient and necessary that carriages and other conveniences upon the march of troops in bis mayfly's dominions in America Should be fufpliedflor that pur pofe9 be it enacted by the king’s most excellent ihaicfty, by and Vox. XXXI C with

cers and men in barrack provided for them |

therein to billet the residue in inns, ale houles, C j

Anno dectmo quint Georgii III C 15. [1775.

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Constables, C authority of the same. That for and during the continuance of to quarteroffi* this act, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the constables, tithingmcn, magistrates, and other civil officers of villages, towns, townships, cities, districts, and other places, within his majesty’s dominions in America, and in default or absence, for any one justice of the peace inhabiting in or near any such village, township, city, diftritft, or place, and for no others, and such constables, titbingmen, magistrates, and other civil officers aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the officers and soldiers in his majesty’s service in tyre barracks and if not fuf provided by the coionics; and if there shall not be sufficient room ficient room in the said barracks for. the officers and soldiers, then, and in such case only, to quarter and billet the residue of such officers and soldiers (for whom there shall not be room in such barracks) in inns, livery stables, alehouses, victualling houses, and the houses of sellers of wine by retail to be drank in their own houses or places thereunto belonging, and all houses of persons selling of rum, brandy, strong waters, cyder, or metheglin, by retail, to and if these be be drank in houses;; in case there shall not be sufficient room also infuffici for the officers and soldiers in such barracks, inns, victualling uninha anc ot^er ptublick alehouses, that in such and no other case, and bled house - no other account, it shall and may be lawful for the go c. vernor and council of each respective province in his majesty’s

to be provided dominions in America to authorise and appoint, and they are by the gover hereby directed and empowered toauthorifeand appoint, such proper person or persons as they shall think fit, to take, hire, and ihake fit, and in default of the said governor and council appointing and authorising such person or persons, or in default of such person or persons so appointed neglecting or refusing to do their duty, in that case it thall and may be lawful for any two or more of his majesty’s justices of the peace, in or near the said villages, towns, townffiips, cities, diftrios, and other places, and they are hereby required to take, hire, and make fit for the reception of his majesty’s foroes, such and so many uninhabited houses, outhouses, barns, or other buildings, as shall be neceflarjr to quarter therein the residue of such officers and soldiers for .whom there (hold not be room in such barracks and public-houses, as aforesaid, and to put and quarter the residue of such officers and soldiers therein.

II And it is hereby declared and enacted, That there shall be no more billets at any time ordered than there are effective thereaveeffec filters ptefent to be quartered therein : and in order that this tivemen. service may be effectually provided for, the commander in chief Commander in America, or other officer, under whose orders any regiment in chief to gwe'or company shall march, shall, from time to time, give, or cavfe the refpeafve° to ^ £*ven» as ear^y notice as conveniently may be, in writing, governor of Tigned by such commander or officer, of their march, specifying the marching their numbers and time of marching as near as may be, to the rcfac(^vc governors of each province through which they are to

march,

orc. for the purpose.

No more billet to be ordered than

1775j Anno decimo quinto Georgii SI. C 15. 19

march, in order that proper persons may be appointed and a a the per thorifed, in pursuance of this act, to take up and hire, if it shall Tonnes appointed be neceffarv, uninhabited houses, outhouses, barns, or other may P, ov*de buildings, for the reception of such soldiers as the barracks and ^a(j, cr*ac’ public-houses shall not be sufficient to contain or receive. cor, ng y’

III And whereas doubts have been entertained, whether where the fi troops can be quartered otherwise than in barracks, in case bar tuacion oi barracks have been provided sufficient for the quartering of all the rack are in officers and soldiers within any town, township, city, district, or place, within his Majesty's dominions in North America: and fo^b^pio** whereas it may frequently happen, from the situation of such vided. barracks, that if troops (hold be quartered therein, they would not be stationed where their presence may be necessary and required; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, in such cases, it shall and may be lawful for the persons hereby authorised to quarter troops as aforesaid in any of the provinces within his Majesty's dominions in North America, and they .are hereby respectively authorised, empowered, and diredyed, on the requisition of the officer who for the time being has the command of his majesty’s forces in North America, tb cause any officers or soldiers in his Majesty's service to be quartered and bil lctted in such manner as is by this act directed where no barracks are provided by the colonies.'

IV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if it Tf soldiers re shall happen at any time that any officers or soldiers in his Mama, n *« hours jefty's fefvice shall remain within any of the said colonies with ^p^^vernor out quarters for the space of twenty-four hours after such quarto order uma ters shall have been demanded, it shall and may be lawful for the habited governor of the province to order and direct such and so many hooies, C to uninhabited houses, outhouses, barns, or other buildings, as he ^e^r^ece - f shall think necessary to be taken, (making a reasonable allowance tjol'u r ep* for the same,) and made fit for the reception of such officers

and soldiers, and to put and quarter such officers and soldiers therein, for such time as he shall think prqper. "

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Military offi. That if any military officer shall take upon himself to quarter

soldiers in any of his majesty’s dominions in America, otherwise quaitcr ou than is limited and allowed by this actor shall use or offer any dters, or ufmg menace or compulsion to or upon any justice of the peace, con any menace to (table, tithingman, magistrate, or other civil officer before men ^c^them* L tioned, in his Majesty's dominions in America, tending to deter £rj^ thefjl and difeourage any of them from performing any part of the duty, duty hereby required, or appointed; such military officer, for to beca(hier every such offence, being thereof convicted before any two or more of his majesty’s justices of the peace living within or near such villages, towns, townffiip*, cit es, districts, or other places, by the oaths of two or more credible witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso fafio cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled td have or hold any military employment in his Majesty's service, upon a certificate thereof being transmitted to the commander in chief in America; unless tha said conviction shall be nnlefstbecon.

CI revision be re.

i by

20

versed upon an appeal.

Persons aggrieved by being quartered on may com

Anno decimo quintogedrgll III CI C

reverfcd upon an appeal brought within six months in the proper court for hearing appeals against: convi&ing by justices ot the peace : and in case any person shall find himself aggrieved in that such constable, tithingman, magistrate, or other civil officer shall have quartered or billetted in or upon his hoofc a greater number of soldiers than he ought to bear in proportion to his

justices, and be neighbours, and shall complain thereof to one or more justice relieyed, or justices of the peace of the village, town, township, city, dp drift, or other place, where such soldiers are quartered; suchr justice or justices has or have hereby power to relieve such person, by ordering such and so many of the soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other person or persons as they shall see cause; and such other person or persons shall be obliged to receive such soldiers accordingly.

No justice hav VI Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no justice ingany milita or justices of the peace, having or executing any military office roncerned°in commission in his majesty’s regular forces in America, may,

billetting fol during the continuance of this act, directly or indirectly, aft or be concerned in the quartering, billetting, or appointing any quarters for any soldier or soldiers, according to the disposition inde for quartering of any soldier or soldiers by virtue of this act, (except where there (nail be no other justice or justices of the peace,) but that all warrants, acts, matters, or things, executed or appointed by such justice or justices of the peace for or concerning the same, shall be void, anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the officers and soldiers so quartered and billeted as aforesaid, (except such as shall be quartered in the barracks and hired unin inhabited houses, or other buildings a aforesaid)) be received, and furnrfhed with diet, small beer, cyder, or rum mixed with water, by the owners of the inns, livery (tables, alehouses, viftualling houses, and other houses in which they are allowed to be quartered*and billeted by this act, paying and allowing for the same the several rates herein after mentioned, to be payable out of the ubfiftence money, for diet and small beer, cyder, or rum mixed with water.

VIII Provided always, That in case any innholder, or other person, on whom any non commission officers or private men

men quartered shall be quartered, by virtue of this act, in any of his majesty’s on them in dominions in America, (except on a march, or employed in re fteadof meat. cruiting, and likewise except the recruits by them railed for the space of (even days at most, for such non commission officers and soldiers who are recruiting, and recruits by them raised)) be desirous to furnish such non commission officers or soldiers with candles, vinegar, and salt, and with small beer, or cyder, not exceeding five pints, or half a pint of rum mixed with a quart of water, for each man per diem, gratis; and allow to such non commission officers or soldiers the use of fire, and the necessary utensils for dressing and eating their meat, and shall give * notice of /uefi his desire to the commanding officer, and shall

furnish

diers,

except where there shall be no other ju ’ llice.

officers and soldiers quartered in inns or alehouses are to be furnished with provisions at certain rates.

What innholders, See. may allow

L

1775*1 Annadedmo quinto geo&gii III C 15. 21

furnish and allow the lame accordingly; then, and in every such case, the non commission officers and soldiers so quartered shall provide their own victuals; and the officer to whom it belongs tp receive, or thatadually does receive, the pay and subsistence of such non comtrtiffion officers and soldiers, shall pay the fcve f ral Aims hcrcin after mentioned, to be payable out of the subsistence money, for diet and small bee, to the non commission officers and (oldiers aforesaid, and not to the innholder or other person on whom such non commission officers and soldiers are quartered, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX And whereas there are Jeveral barracks in fevcralplaces in soldiers”

his Majesty'sfaid dominions in America, or some of them, provided quaked in by the coionics, for the lodging and covering of soldiers, in lieu of barracks, or quarters for the eafeand convenience as well of the inhabitants of and in hired unin. W such colonies as of thefoldurs* it is hereby further enacted, That ^

9jf such officers and soldiers lo put and placed in such barracks, ftrni(hed with pr jn hired uninhabited houses, outhouses, barns, or other build at the provin ipgs. shall, from time to time, be furnished and supplied there cial capcnce. bythe persons to be authorised or appointed for that purpose by

the governor and council of each respective province 5 or upon neglc& or refuel.of such governor and council in any province, then bv tvyo or more justices of the peace residing in or near such place, with Are, candles, vinegar, and salt, bedding, uteo fils for dressing their victuals, and (mail beer or cyder not exceeding five pints, or half a pint of rum mixed with a quart of water, to each mn, without paying anything for the same.

X Andy that thf feverql persons who Shall so take, hire, and fit How the ex upy as aforesaid such tfninhqbited houses outhouses, barns ^ or other d thereby buildings for the reception of the officers and fouiersy and who Shall arc to btreim so furnijb the same, and alfq the fold barracks with fire, candles, VI buried. negar* and salt, bedding, utenftls for dressing victuals, and small beer,

cyder or rum as aforesaidy may be reimbursed and paid all such charges and expends they Shall be put to therein be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That therefpcdvive provinces shall pay unto such person or persons all such sum or Aims of money so by them paid, laid out, or expended, for the taking, hiring, and sitting up such uninhabited houses, outhouses, barns, or other buildings, and for furniffiing the officers and soldiers therein, and in the barracks, with fire, candles, vinegar, and salt, bedding, utensils for dressing victuals, and small beer, cyder, or rum, as aforesaid i and such sum or sums are hereby required to be raised in such manner as the public charges for the provinces respectively are raised.

XI Provided always, and be it enatfed by the authority a Penalty on foresaid, That if any officer within his majesty’s said dominions taking money ip America shall take, or cause to be taken, or knowingly suffer

to be taken, any money of any person for excusing the quarter being quarter. ing of officers or soldiers, or any of them, in any house allowed ed on. by this a, every such officer Qiall be calhiered, and be incapable of serving in ny military employment whatsoever. f C 2 XII And

Ur*.

22 Anno decimd quinto gfcordu III C 15, f 1775.

Commanding XIL And whereas some doubts may arift, 'whether commanding of exchan Tm fictrs f any regiment or company within his Majeftfs said dominions in thcir^quar America may exchange any men quartered in any village, town,

‘ — tewnjhip, W, dijlrift, place > in his Majefifs said dominions in

Arntrica, «//>£ another man quartered in the same place, for the benefit of the service, be it declared and enabled by the authority aforesaid. That such exchange as abovementioned may be made by such commanding officers respectively, prowded the number of mn do not exceed the number at that time billetfed on such house or houses; and the constables, tithingmen, magistrates, and other chief officers of the villages, towns, townships, cities diiftrifts, or other places where any regiment or company shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such men so exchanged accordingly.

x11l And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, conitabe*, Sic. That if any cdnftabfe, tithingman, magistrate, or other chief ^u^rtcr^or°bii °®c<r of pcr^on whatsoever, who by virtue or colour of this act ^officeuor * shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billetting, any officers or soldiers within his majesty’s said dominions in America, shall neglect or refuse for the space of two hours to quarter or billet such officers or soldiers when thereunto required, in fudh manner as is by this act directed, provided sufficient rtotice be given before the arrival of (bch foroes; or shall receive, demand, contrast, or agree, for any sum or sums of money, or any reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse, any person or persons whatsoever from quartering, or receiving into his, her, or their house or houses and on persons any fuclv officer or soldier; or in case any viftualjer, or any other refuting: to re person within his majesty’s dominions in America, liable by this act to have any officer or soldier billettcd or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or victual any such officer or soldier so quartered or billettcd upon him or her, as aforesaid; or in case any person or persons shall refute to furnish or allow, according to the directions of this act, the several things here in before directed to be furnished or allowed to officers and soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her, or in the barracks, and hired uninhabited houses, out houses, barns, or other buildings, as aforesaid, at the rate herein after mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before one of the magistrates of anyone of the supreme chief or principal common-law courts of the colony where such offence shall be committed, either by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath such magistrate of such court is hereby impow jt any sum not ered toadminister;) every such constable, tithingman, magistrate, exceeding 5i. or other chief officer or person so offending, shall forfeit, for nor left man every such offence, the sum of five pounds sterling, or any sum or sums of money not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty (billings, as the magistrate before whom the matter shall be heard shall in hrs discretion think fit; to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the person offending, by warrant under the hand and seal of such magistrate before whom such offender

shall

Penalty on

soldiers, after due notice j

or receiving money to excuse quaitcr

i°g;

ceive the officers and fo’ diers billetted on them, or to turn’lh them with northeast cet ries. as this act direct

40#.

1775*] Anno decimo quinto Geohgii III C iff. 2$

shall be convicted, to be diretfred to a constable, or other officer/to be paid into within the village, town, township, city, district, or other place, e tr**fury f where the offender shall dwell; and shall dire the said sum of ere theof five pounds, or such other sum as shall be ordered to be levied fence it com t in pursuance of this act, as aforesaid, when levied, to be paid mitted, into the treasury of the province or colony where the offence shall be committed, to be applied towards the general charges of the said province or colony.

XIV Andy that the quarters both of ojfktrs and soldiers An bis oficer* to Majestys said dominions in America may hereafter be duly paid and give notice to *, fatisfiedy be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and innkeepers, after the twenty-fourth day of Marchy in the year one thousand cof subsist seven hundred and seventy five, every officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive, the pay or subsistence *

either for a whole regiment, or particular companies, or otherwise, shall immediately, upon each receipt of every particular sum, which shall from time to time be paid, returned, or come to his or their hands, on account of pay or subsistence, give public notice thereof to all persons keeping inns, or other places where officers or soldiers are quartered by virtue of this a, and shall also appoint the said innkeepers and others to repair to their quarters at such times as they shall appoint, for the distribution and payment of the said pay and subsistence money to the said officers or soldiers, which shall be within four days at farthest after receipt of thefame, as aforesaid; and the said innkeepers and others shall then and there acquaint such officer or officers with the accounts or debts (if any shall be) between them and the officers and soldiers so quartered in their respective houses; which account the said officer or officers are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the same, before any part of the said pay or subsistence be distributed ei tnd their aether to the officers or soldiers; provided the accounts exceed counts ro be nor for a committion officer of foot, being under the degree of paid off left captain, for such officer’s diet and small beer, per dienjy one Jam o?!fub shilling; and if such officer shall have a horse or horses, for fiftence here each horse or horses, for their hay and straw, per diemy (ixpence; eilabluhed* nor for one foot foldier’s diet and small beer, cyder, or rum mixed as *roresaid, per diemy fourpence: and if any officer or N

officers, as *ijresaid, shall not give notice, as aforesaid, and not immediately, upon producing such account dated, satisfy, con tent, and pay, the same, upon complaint, and oath made thereof gmdg such by any two witnesses, before two o his majesty’s judices for notice, the village, town, townftiip, city, district, or other place, where such quarters were, (which oath such justices are hereby authorised and required to administer)) paymaster or paymasters of his Majesty's guards and garrisons, upon certificate of the the account! said justices before whom such oath was made of the sum due to be difcharg upon such accounts, and the persons to whom the same is owed out their ing are hereby required and authorised to pay and satisfy the arrcarsof pay laid sums out of tne arrears due to the said officer or officers,

C 4 upon

1

s

1

If no arrears arc due, then out of the fubfiitence money of the regiment,

and the officers

giye pertifi cates for the funp due.

24 Anno decimo quiato Gbqrgii MI C i5. [1775,

upon penalty that such paymaster or paymaster shall forfeit their refpc&ive place or places of paymaster, and be discharged from holding the faipe for the future: and in case there (halt be no arrears due to the said officer or officers, then the fakl paymaster or paynaafters are hereby ^uthorifed and required tq c}edu£l the films he or they shall pay, purfqant tq the certificates of the said justices, out ot the next pay or subsistence money oath regiment to which such officer or officers shall belong; and eoratcni^c^ officer or qfficers shall, for every such offence, or for neg ksjss: ms t0 give notice of the receipt of such pay or subsistence ’ money, as aforesaid, be deemed apd taken, and is hereby declared, to be ipfofaho cartiiered.

XV And where it Shall happen that the pqy or fubfijlence money On nonpay due to any officer or soldier tqitbin his Mqjejijs said dominions in

America, jfrl/fe otcafuno officer of money, the r soldier, or such officer or soldier Shall neglell to pay the same, fa officer to make that quarters cannot be or arc not paid as this all dir else; and where up the ac qny forces Shall be upon their march in bis Majcfiys said dominions counts, and n America, so that no subsistence can be remitted to them to make payment as this all direus, or they Shall negleh to pay. the same \ ir every such case, it is hereby further enacted, That every such officer shall, before his or their departure opt of his or their quarters, where such regiment, troop, or company, shall remain for pny time whatsoever, make up the accounts with every person with whom such regiment or corppany shall have quartered, and signa certificate thereof, and give the said certificate, so by himj signed, to the party to whom iuch money is due, with the name pf such regiment or company to which he or they ftiall belong, to the end the said certificate may be forthwith transmitted to thq paymaster of his majesty’s guards and garrisons, who is hereby required immediately to make payment thereof to he person or persons to whom such money shall C due, to the end the famq pnay be applied to such regiment or company respectively, under pain as before in this a directed for nonpayment of quarters.

XVI And for the better preventing abuses in quartering or billet ting the fddurs in his Majestys dominions n America in pursuance pf this ally be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more justices of the peape, or other officer, within their respective villages

and loidiers, in towns, townships, cities, districts, or other places, in his Maje sehrand1!^' %’s V (* in America by warrant of order under his medy abufri or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, at any time or times during the continuance of this act, to require and command any ponstable, tithingman, magistrate, or other chief officer, who shall quarter or billet any soldiers in pursuance of this act, to give an account ip waiting unto the said justice or justices, or other officer requiring the same, of the number of officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered or billetted by them, and also the names of the houfckeepers or persons upon whom, and thp barracks nd hired uninhabited houses, or other buildings, as

aforesaid

Jottiefs way demand an account of quartering of the officers

tdy 1 14 quartering.

1775-1 Anno decimo quint Georgii III C 15t 25

gforesaid, in which and where every such officer or soldier fliajl te quartered or billetted, together with an account of the street pr place where every such housekeeper or person dwells, and where every (qch barrack or hired uninhabited house or building is or are, and of the signs (if any) which belong to their houses, to the end that it may appear to the said justice or justices, or other officer, where such officers or soldiers are quartered or billetted, and that he or thgy may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all abuses in the quartering or billetting them.

XVII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Jofflce*, in That, for the better and more regular provision of carriages for purfoance of his majesty’s forces in their marches, or for their arms, clothes, ^jare'toiffao or accoutrements, in his majesty’s said dominions in »» ^aers to con. all justices of the peace within their several villages, towns, fable to pro. townships, cities, diftri$s, and plages, being duly required carriage! thereunto by an order from his Majesty, or the general of his foroes, or of the general commanding, or the commanding of fccer there, shall, as Qften as such order is brought and (hewn ' unto one or more of them by the quarter matter, adjutant, or other officer of the regiment, detachment, or company, so or. dcred to inarch, iffuy qut tps or their warrants to the constables, tithingmen, magistrates, or other officers of the villages, towns, fownships, cities, districts, and other places, from through, near, pr to which such regiment, detachment, or company, shall bp ordered to march, requiring them to make such provision for carriages, with able men to drive the same, as shall be mentioned in the said yvarrant, allowing them reasonable time to do the same, that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burden; and in case sufficient carriages cannot be provided with \ any such village, town, townthip, city, diitrid, or other

lace, then the next justice or justices of the peace of the village, own, townthip, city, district, or other place, shall, upon such order as aforesaid being brought or (hewn to one or more pf them, by any of the officers as aforebid, ifliie his or their warrants to the constables, tithingmen, magistrates, or other ' pfficers of such next village, town, townthip, city, district, or other place for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency; and such gonstable, tithingman, magistrate, or other officer, shall order or appoint such person or persons, having Carriages within their respective villages, towns, townships, cities, districts, or other places, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish fnch carriages and men according to the warrant aforesaid;; are hereby required to provide and fur nisi the same accordingly.

XVIII And be it further enacted, That the pay or hire for a Rates for car. newturk wagon, carrying twelve hundred pounds crofsriages* weight, shall be seven pence sterling for each mile, and for every „ other carriage in that and every other colony in his majesty’s laid dominions in America, in the same proportion; and at or Itftbr the same rate or prige for what weight every such other ‘ car

26 Annojccimo quinto Georgii III C 15. [1775.

carriage shall carry; and that the first day’s pay or hire for every such carriage.shall be paid down by such officer to such constable, tithingman, magistrate, or other civil officer, who shall get dr procure such carriages for the use of the owner or owners thereof; and the pay or hire for every such carriage after the tirft day, shall be paid every day, from day today, by such officer as aforesaid, into the hands of the driver or drivers of such carriages'refpc&ively, until such carriages shall be discharged from such service, for the use of the owner and owners thereof. Carriages not XIX Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no obliged to car fucli wagon, cart, or carriage, impressed by authority of this adv, ry aoove 1a shall be obliged or liable, by virtue of this act, to carry abovd twelve hundred weight, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

N t tra el XX Provided also. That no such wagon, cart, or carriage,

above ont be obliged to travel more than one day’s march, if within

day’s march, that time they shall arrive at any other place where other car unlefi other riages may be procured j but in case other sufficient carriages carrj*scscan’ cannot be procured, then such carriages shall be obliged to con cured. pr rinue in the service till they shall arrive at such village, town, township, city, district, or other place, where proper and sufficient carriages for the service of the forces may be procured. Penalty on XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, conftahles, See. That if any constable, tithingman, magistrate, or other civil negledhngro officer*within his majesty’s dominions in America, shall wilfully na«s.ccar* pcgle<£l or refuse to execute such warrants of the justices of the ^ ' peace as shall be directed to them for providing carriages, as aforesaid * if any person or persons appointed by such constable, tithingman, magistrate, or other civil officer, to provide or fur nih any carriage and man, shall refuse or neglect to provide the same, or any other person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any actor thing whereby the execution of the said warrants may be delayed, hindered or frustrated; every such constable, tithingman, magistrate, civil officer, or other person so offending, .shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding forty Ihillings (lerling, nor less than twenty (billings, to be paid into the treasury of the province where any such offence shall be committed; to be applied towards the aforesaid contingent charges of the province: and all and every such offence and offences, and all and every other offence and offences in this act mentioned, and not otherwise provided, shall and may be inquired pf, heard, and fully determined, by two of his majesty’s justices q the peace, dwelling in or near the village, town, township, city, district, or place, where such offence shall be committed, who have hereby power to cause the said penalty to be levied by distress and file of the offenders goods and chattels, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner.

Colony to re XXII And, whereas the allowance hereby provided for the payment pay the extra the carriages that may be necessary in the marching of troops may expenses of not be a sufficient compensation for the same and to satisfy the con carriages. Jlables, titbingmen, magistrates, and other civil officerj, their charges

and

1775*3 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 15.

*1

and expends therein; for remedy whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the constables, tithiograen, magistrates, and civil officers procuring such carriages, (halt pay a reasonable expense or price for every (Carriage so procured j and that every such constable, tithingman, magistrate, civil officer, or other person, shall be repaid what he or they shall so expend, together with his or their own charges and expenses attending the same, by the province or colony where the same shall arise.

XXIII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Where carri

authority aforesaid. That where it shall be necessary to take **

Wagons or other carriages for long marches, beyond the settle provided^for meats, an appraisement shall be made of the value of such horses long marches and carriages, at the time of the taking them up to be employed beyond the in such marches beyond the settlements, by two indifferent per settlements, fens, one to be chosen by the commanding officer of such foroes,

and the other by the owner of such cattle or carriages, a certi fairly appraif ficate of which appraisement shall be given to tne owner oredj owners of such cattle or carriages respectively: and in case any and if lost or of the cattle or carriages, so taken up for £uch fervicfc, shall, in destroyed, to the execution thereof, be lost or destroyed $ then, and in be pa*f!for every such case, upon producing the said certificate, and proper certffiwte, 0 vouchers, upon oath, of such loss or destruction, to the paymaster general of his majesty’s guards and garrisons, the said paymaster shall, and he is hereby required to pay to the respective owners of such cattle or carriages the sums specified in such certificates and vouchers to be the value of such cattle or carriages so lost or destroyed.

XXIV And whereas federal soldiers being duly inlifled in his Defertersmay Afajeftfs service, do often desert such service \ remedy whereof be apprehena fceit further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and

may be lawful to and for the constable, tithingman, magistrate, 1 or other civil officer, of the village, town, townftiip, city, district, or place, within the said dominions in America, where any person who may be reasonably suspected to be such'deserter shall be found, to apprehend, or ciufe him to be apprehended 5 and to cause such person to be brought before any justice of the peace, or other chief magistrate, living in or near such village, town, townftiip, city, diftritt, or place, who hath hereby power to examine such suspected person j and if by his confession, or and commit the testimony of one or more witness or witnesses upon oath, or ted $ the knowledge of such justice of the peace, or other magistrate, it shall appear or be found that such suspected person is a listed soldier, and ought to be with the regiment or company to which he belongs, such justice of the peace, or other magistrate, shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the village, town, townftiip, city, district, county, or place, where he shall be found, or to the house of correction, or other public prison, in such village, town, townftiip, city, district, county, or place, where such deserter shall be apprehended, and transmit an account thereof to the commander in chief of his majesty’s forces ia the said dominions in America or to the commanding pfficer

of

gaoler to receive their subsistence money, for maintenance,

but no see for theirimprifon mans.

Penalty on persons harbouring deserters j

pr buying ol djers arms or clothes, C

Persons per fuaoing soldiers to desert, fq forfeit 401.

Anno decimo quinto georqii III 0.1 g[ [

of the forces posted neared to such justice or justices or other magistrate or niagiftrates for the time being to the end that fpch pyrfon may be proceeded against according tq law: and the

Saoler or keeper of such gaol house of correction qr prifqn?

lall receive the full subsistence of such deserter or deserters, d 14 ring the time that he or they shall continue in his custody few the maintenance of such deserter or deserters but shall pot bq. entitled to any fee or reward on account of the imprifonmenlof such deserter qr deserters any law usage or custom, to the contrary nptwithftanding.

XXV Provided always That if any person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any defertfer from his majesty’s service within bis majesty’s said dominions in America knowing him to be such, the person so offending shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum or five pounds; or if any person shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive, any arms, clothes caps, or other furniture belonging to the King from any soldier or deserter, or apy other person, upon any account or pretence vyhatfoever* within his majesty’s dominions in America or cause the colour of such clothes to be changed; the person so offending shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds; and upon conviction upon the oath of pne or more credible witness.or witnesses, before any of his majesty’s justices of the peace, the said respective penalties of five pounds, ?pd five pounds, shall be levied by warrant under the hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offenders, one moiety of the said first mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer by whose means such deserter shall be apprehended, and one moiety of the said la(l meqtionpd penalty of five pounds to be paid tq the informer, and iherefjdue of the said refpetftive penalties tot be paid to the officer to whom any such deserter or soldier did belong: and in case any such offenders, who shall be convicted as sforefaid of harbouring or assisting any such deserter or deserters, or having knowingfy received any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture, belonging to the king; or having caused the colour of such clothes to be changed, contrary to the intent of this at, shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon distress may be made to the value of thf penalties recovered against him for such offence, or shall not pay such penalties within four days after fqch conviction; then, and in such case, such juftico of the peace shall and may, by warrant under bis hand and seal, Commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprise for the space of three months or cause such offender to be publicly whipped at the diferetioq of such justice.

XXVI And whereas evil disposed persons frequently endeavour U delude his Majesty s good fubjefls who have engaged themselves as soldiers in the service of his Majesty and their country, and to prevail with them to desert the same; for remedy whereof and for the more effectual and exemplary punishment of offenders in tbqt behalf within, a bs

f775*1 Ahno decimo ^uirtto geqjujii lit. C i

his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever, (other than such as are or shall be enlisted as soldiers, against whom sufficient remedy is already provided by law,)

shall, by words, or other means whatsoever, directly or indirectly, persuade or procure any soldier or soldiers in the fcrvicd of his Majesty, his heirs or successors* within any of the said qolonies or plantations, to desert or leave such service, or shall go about and endeayour, in manner aforesaid, to persuade, prevail, or procure, such soldier or soldiers to desert or leave such service as aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such offence, forfeit to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or any other person or persons who shall sue for the same, the sum of forty pounds; to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty’s courts of record within the province or place where the offence shall be committed, wherein no eftoin* protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed; and if it shall orfnffcrfix happen that such offender, so convicted as aforesaid, shall not 7, onths imp have goods or chattels, lands or tenements, to the amount or *

value of the said sum of forty pounds, to pay and satisfy the said the court, penalty, or that from the circumstances or heinoufnete of the crime it shall be thought proper and convenient, the court before which the said conviction shall be made as aforesaid shall award the said offender to prison, thereto remain for any time not exceeding six months, without bail or main prize, and also to (land in the pillory for the space of one hour, in some market town next adjoining to the place where the offence was committed, in open market there, or in the market town itself where the fact was committed.

XXVII Provided always. That no such aflion shall be When aaiont brought, or prosecution carried on, by virtue of this act, unless may becom the lame be commenced within six months after the offence racnccd* committed.

XXVIII And be it further enacted, That no commissionof pcn*w *ol if ficer shall break open any house within his majesty’s dominions open a in America, to search for deserters, without warrant from a justice houfeto rearch of the peace, and io the daytime; and that every commission fordefertera officer who shall in the night, or without warrant from one or w'th<>ut war more of his majesty’s justices of the peace, (which said warrantsrant*

the said justice or justices are hereby empowered to grant,) forcibly enter into, or break open, the dwelling house or outhouses of any person whatsoever, under pretence of fearchingfor deserters, shall, upon due proof thereof, forfeit the sum' of twenty pounds.

XXIX And whereas several crimes and offences have been and Persons not may be committed by several personi not being soldiers, at several sorts being soldiers or garrisons, and several other places within his Majcjly's dominions offences in America, which are not within the limits or jurfrdiftion of any any sort or tivil government there hitherto ejlablijbed, and which crimes and off garrison, See. fences are not properly cognizable or triable and punishable by a court *

but by the civil magijlrate> by means whereof several great

crimes

3©

not within the 'jurisdiction of any civil government.

may be apprehended j

and being charged on oath with the offence, may be committed to safe cuttody till delivered over to the civil magistrate..

Suits in what courts to be prosecuted.

How the troops are to pay m pa(fin<*

terries.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii IIL C 15. [1775.

crimes and offences may go unpunished, to the great fcamal of government; for remedy whereof be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of Marchy in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, and for so long afterwards as this act shall continue in force, if any person or persons, not being a soldier or soldiers, do or shall commit any crime or crimes, or offence or offences, in any of the said forts, garrisons, or places, within his majesty’s dominions in America which arc not within the limits or jurisdidtion of any civil government hitherto established, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to apprehend such offender or offenders, and to carry him, her, or them, before the commanding officer for the time being of his majesty’s forces there; and such offender being charged upon oath, in writing, before the said commanding officer, and which oath the said commanding officer is hereby irhpowered to administer, that then, and in every such case, the said commanding officer shall receive and take into his custody, and safely keep every such offender, and shall convey and deliver, or cause to be conveyed and delivered, with all convenient speed, every such offender to the civil magistrate of the next adjoining province, together with the cause of his or her detainer, to be committed and dealt with by such civil magistrates or magistrate according to law; and every such civil magistrate is hereby commanded and required to commit every such offender, that he or she may be dealt with according to law; and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to prosecute and try every such offender in the court of such province or colony where crimes and offences of the like nature are usually tried, and where the same would be properly tried, in case such crime or offence had been committed within thejurif diction of such court; and such crime shall and may be alleged to be committed within the jurisdidtion of such court; and such court shall and may proceed therein to trial, judgement, and execution, in the same manner as if such crime or offence had been really committed within the jurisdidtion of such court, any law, usage, custom, matter, or thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every bill, plaint, action, or suit, against any person or persons, for any act, matter, or thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this actor the said other in part recited act, in any of hismajesty’s dominions in America, shall be brought and prosecuted in and before some principal court of record in the colony where such matter or thing shall be done or committed; and in case the same shall not be done or committed Within the jurisdidtion of any such court, then in the court of the colony next to the place where the same shall be done and committed, and in no other court whatsoever.

XXXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any troops or parties upon command have occafton in their march, in any of his majesty’s dominions in

Ame*

3*

*773-] Anno dcdmo quinto georgiiiii. 0.15,

America, to pass regular ferries it shall and may be lawful for the commanding officer either to pass over witll his party a? passengers, or to hire the ferryboat entire to himself and. party, debarring others for that time in hjs ppti&p; and in case he shall choose to take paffige for himself and party as passengers, lie shall only pay for himself, and for each person, officer or iol dicr, under his command, half of the ordinary rate payahfe by (ingle persons at any such ferry; and in case he shall hire the ferryboat for himself and party, he shall pay half of the ordinary rate for such boat or boats; and in such places where there are no regular ferries, but that all passengers hire boats at the rate they can agree for, officers with or without parties are to agree for boats at the rates that other persons do in the like cases.

XXXII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Pecuniary pe that all sum and fumsof money mentioned in this a, and all "aid^avthc* penalties and forfeitures whatsoever to be incurred or forfeited rare of d for any offence, cause, matter, or thing whatsoever, to be done. Sterling the committed, or omitted to be done, in his majesty’s colonies and sp^niih milled dominions in America, contrary to the true intent and meaning

of this af, shall be, and shall be paid and forfeited in lawful money of the colony or place where the same shall be forfeited or become due, at the rate of four (billings and e»ght-pence sterling money for a Spamjh mdled doliar, and not otherwise.

XXXIII Provided always, and be it enabled by the autho* thita&notto rity aforesaid. That nothing in this act contained, touching the extend to any quartering his majesty’s foroes, and the supplying them in their Prince, quarters and the furnishing carriages on their marches, and on of fucitpro^ other necessary occasions, shall extend, or be construed to ex vnee tor protend, to any province, colony, or plantation, during such time vidmg quar. as any law of such province, colony, or plantation, which shall cats have received the confirmation of his Majesty in council, (hallbe ln orcc‘ be in force for providing quarters for his majesty’s officers and

foldiera, and for furnishing them in their quarters, and for providing carriages for them on marches, or on any other necessary occasion, within such province, colony, or plantation.

XXXIV Provided always, and be it eaacted, That when Civil magi ever any troops shall march through, or be ftatione i in, any ftratcs» C place in North America, it shall and may be lawful for the civil fil agree” * magistrates, select men, or other person or persons, (appointed ment, provide by act of parliament, or by any law ja such province, colotw, quarters; Sea or plantation, as aforesaid, to quarter and make provision for

troops,) as likewise for the officer commanding the troops (o marching or (Rationed, as aforesaid, by mutual agreement, signed by the respective parties, to provide quarters for the said troops, in any manner most conven; ent to them and to the country, any act or thing to the contrary notwithstanding, so as that no expense be brought on the crown by such agreement.

XXXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That if any action, bill, plaint, or suit, shall be brought or *&<>&* commenced against any person or persons for any act, matter,

or thing, done or acted in pursuance of this act, that it shall and

may

$1 Ariho decimo quilito georgii III C t6. [i775;

may be lawful to and for all and every person or persons so fifed General issue. to thereto the general issue, that he or they are not guilty;

and to give the special matter in evidence to the jury who (hail try the cause; and if the verdict therein shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein shall become nonsuit) or suffer a discontinuance, or by any other means judge

> therein shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein; that in every such case the justice or justices, of other judge of judges of the court in which such action shall be brought, shall by force and virtue of this act, allow unto such defendant or

Treblecoftt. defendants his or their treble costs; which he or they shall have sustained or be put to by reason of the defence of such suit, for which cods such defendant and defendants shall have the like remedy as in other cases where cods are by the law given to defendants.

Thi* act to XXX VI And whereas, during the continuance of this afl> there

extend to ma may be occasion for the marching and quartering of Jome of his ma while o^lhore jefas marint faces in some parts of his Majejifs dominions in Ame* in America. rica 5 he it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid;

That this act, and all and singular the clauses and provisions herein mentioned and contained, as well relating to the quan. tering and billetting of his Majesty's land forces in his dominions in America, and providing them with carriages on their marches, as also relating to all and every other provision, regulation, penalty, punishment, matter, and thing, herein providedi enacted, and made, with respect to the said land foroes, shall be deemed, construed, and taken to extend, and the same, and all and every part and parts thereof, and of this act, are, in all respects, and to all intents and purpose9 whatsoever, hereby extended to his majesty’s marine forces while on shore, in any of his majesty’s dominions in America, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said marine forces had herein been particularly mentioned in conjunction with his majesty’s other forces.

This a to be XXXVII And be it further enacted by the authority afore in force from said, That this act, and everything herein contained, shall March »+, continue and be in force in all his majesty’s dominions in ame r/vu, from the twenty-fourth day of March in the year on March Hr thousand seven hundred and seventy five, until the twenty

> fourth day of March, in the year of our lord one thousand fevert

hundred and seventy seven.

CAP. XVI

An act to enable (ir Nigel Grefley baronet, and Nigel Bowyer Grefley esquire, hit Tonne, to make and maintain a navigable cut or canal from certain coal mines in Apedale to Netfcaftle under Line, in the county of Stafford.

CAP.

i775*] Arino decuno quinto Georgp 111. C 17., 33

CAP. XVII

An at to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify jujlices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time fty those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, borough townsy whose admissions have been omitted

to befiamped according to law, r, having been stamped, have been lost or mifiaid; ir allowing them time to provide admijfions duly fiamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and foheit'ors.

WHERE EAS diverse persons, who on account of their offices y Preamble. place Sy employments or profe]ftons% or any other cause or occasion ought to have taken and fubfiribed the oaths y or the affiurance refpeflivelyy appointed to be by such persons taken and fubfribtdy in and by an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King Perron who George the First, of glorious memory, (entitled, An act for tbehave omitted further security of his majesty’s person and government, and *°t*^k* the succession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia y by a??010 * being protestants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pres Geo. t. tended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors;) or to have qualified themselves according to an act, made in the thirteenth A ft 13 Car. year of the reign of King Charles the Second (entitled, An act for the well governing and regulating corporations;) or to have qualified themfelvet according to another afl% made in the twemy fifth year Aft Car. 1#

of the reign of King Charles the Second (entitled, An act for preventing the dangers which may happen from popish recusants, by receiving the sacrament. of the Loras supper, according to the usage of the church of England, and making and fubferibing the declaration against transubstantiation therein mentioned;) orac tording to another act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Aft 10 Car. X Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for the more effectual preserving the kind’s person and government, by disabling papists from sitting in either house of parliament;) or according to another act, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George Aft 8 Geo. 1. the Firfty (entitled, An act for granting the people called Quakers such forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under;) or according to another a fly made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George Aft 9. Geo. t. the Secondy (intituledy An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for amending so much of an act, passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term, or quarter sessions; andalfo for enlarging the time limited bylaw for making and fubferibing the declaration aga’.nft transubstantiation; and for allowing a further time for jnrolment of deeds and wills made,

VOL. XXXI p by

$4 Anno decimfl qurnto georgii Ifl. C 17. [1775.

by papists 5 and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and Aft 1 g Geo. *. *») or according to another act, made in the eighteenth year of

the reign of bit late thajefly King George the Second, (entitled. An act to amend and render more effectual an act, pasted in the fifth year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled, An act for the further qualification ofjujlices of the peace)) according to another act, and aft 6 Geo. made in the sixth year of the reign of hit present May efly, (entitled, 3*, An act for altering the oath of abjuration, and the affuranee;

and for amending so much of an act, made in the seventh year of her late majesty Queen Anne, entitled. An act for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lists and copies therein mentioned to persons indicted of high treason, or misprision of treason)) through ignorance of the law, absence, or some unavoidable accident, omitted to take and subscribe the said oaths and af j'urance, and make and subscribe the declaration required by law, or atherwife to qualify tbemfeives as dforesaid, within such time, and in such manner, as in and by the said aftsrespectively, or by any other oft f of parliament in that behalf made, is required, whereby they have incurred

, or maybe in danger of incurring, diverse penalties and difabir ties: for quieting the minds of his Majesty'ssubjects, and for preventing any inconveniences that might otherwije happen by means of such emijfions; be it enacted by the king’s mbft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and not qualifying by the authority of the same. That alt and every person or per before the pai sorts, who, at or before the parting of this act, hath or (halt tiave ftng of this act, omitted to take and subscribe the said oaths and declarations, or to receive the sacrament of the lord’s supper, or otherwise to qualify him, her, or themselves, within such time, and in such manner, as in and by the said acts, or any of them, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made, is required 5 and who, after accepting any such office, place, or employment, or under 14 taken any profession or thing on account of which such qualification ought to have been had, and is required, before the parting of this act, hath or have taken and subscribed the said oaths, or made the declarations required by law, and also received the sacrament of the lord’s supper; according to the usage of the or before Dec. church of England, or who, on or before the twenty fitth day of *5, 1776; December, onethousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall take and subscribe the said oaths, declaratibns, and arturanfe respectively, in such cases wherein by law the said oaths, declarations, and afliirance, ought to have been taken or subscribed, in such manner and form, and at or in such place or places, as are appointed in ahd by the said act, made in the firstyear of the reign of his said late majesty King George thetirft, or by any other aft or acts of parliament in that behalf made and provided, and also hath or have received, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, receive the sacrament of the lord’s supper, according to the usage of the church of England, in such ca^es wherein the said

sacramenta

*

1775*1 Anno decimo quinta gfcorgir III C 17. $5

sacrament ought to have been recurved, and hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before tile faicf twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy fi, make and '* subscribe the said declaration against transubstantiation, and also hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven huhdredfand seventy six, make and subscribe the fcid declaration, in the said statute made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, in such cases wherein the said declarations ought to have been made and subscribed, and take and subscribe the oath directed by the said act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of us late majesty King George the Second, in such cases wherein the said oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such man # as by the said ad is directed, shall be, and are hereby indem indemnified nified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, for tar,, feitures, incapacities, and disabilities, incurred, or to be incurred, urc * for or by reason of any neglect or oiniflion previous to the palling of this act, of taking or subscribing the said oaths or aftirrance, or receiving the sacrament, or making or subscribing the said declarations, or taking or subscribing the said oath, according to the abovementioned acts, or any ot them, or any other ad or acts; and such person and persons is and are, and shall be, fully and aduallyrecapacitated and restored to the same state and condition as lie, Ihe, or they, were in before such neglect or omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves, according to the abovementioned acts, and every of them: and that all dediorrs of, and acts done, or to be done, by any such person or persons, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the same force and validity as the same, or any of them, would have been if such person or persons respectively had taken the said oath or assurance, and received the sacrament of the lord’s supper, and tnade and subscribed the said declarations, amd taken and fub V feribed the said oath, according to the direction of the said acts, and every or any of them; and that the qualification of such person or persons, qualifying themselves in manner, and within the time appointed by this act, shall be, to all intents and purposes effectual as if such person or persons had respectively taken, the said oaths and afllirance, and received the facramertt, and made and subscribed the said declaration, and taken and fub feribed the said oath, within the time, and in the manner appointed by the several acts before mentioned.

II Provided always. That this act, or anything herein con t0, ndem* tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify j^/foran^pe ny person against whom final judgement shall have been given, nalty incurred in any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his by negietting majcfty’s courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having jo qualify neglected to qualify himfdf within the time limited by law.

III And whereas ihe appointments of diverse clerks of the peace, town clerks, and other publiik officers, and the admissions of diverse members and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, or

d2 ’the

3® Anno clccimo quinto Georgii III (m7; [1775.

the entries of such admissions in the court books, rolls or records, of such cities, corporations, borough towns, which by several acts of

parliament are directed and required to bejlampcd, may not have been provided, or the same not famped, or may have been lost or mijlaid; be Per font pro. it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That, for the relief during ap of such persons whose appointments and admissions, or the en

imcudmifr rcs w^°^c millions as aforesaid may not have been provid

beforedec.*1*! or not duly stamped or where the same have been lost or 1776; * tnistaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such persons, on or

before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy gx, to provide, or cause to be provided, appointments and admissions, or entries of admissions, as afore said, duly stamped; or, in case where such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, to the commissioners appointed to inspect and manage the revenues of the stamp duties, to be duly stamped; which such commissioners are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, to duly stamp, on payment of the duties first payable, or to have been paid on such appointments, admissions, or entries of ad he con millions, as aforesaid, without any fine or forfeiture thereon ^ and quti^d^aa pcr^ons k providing appointments, admissions, or entries of as clcik, off! admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to cer, or mem be duly stamped, in manner aforesaid, are and shall be thereby ber of corpo confirmed and qualified to aft as clerk of the peace, town clerk, roa^o^all or other public officer, or member or members, officer or officers, offices'into * such cities, corporations, and borough towns respectively, to which they all intents and purposes; and shall and may hold and enjoy, and have been execute such offices, or any other office or offices into which he *nd*lh II be or hath or ^avc ^ccn e*e<^ec^» notwithstanding his or their indemnified oniiffion, or the omission of any of their predecessors, in such CI from all pe ties, corporations, or borough towns, as aforesaid; and shall be mlties and indemnified and discharged of and from all incapacities, difabili* damaf<hin" Xlcs* for^turcs» penalties, and damages, by reason of any such foitof om mon 5 an none f his or t^le*r asa he questioned or lions. " avoided by reason of the same.

N t to t d Provided always. That this act, or anything herein coo

to°rettore er tamed shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to restore or ions to any entitle any person or persons to any office or employment, bene efftce avoided fice, matter, or thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by by judgement, judgement of any of his majesty’s courts of record, or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other person, but that such office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing, so avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now, or shall, at the passing of this act, be legally inti tied to the same, as if this act had never been made.

V And whereas many persons have omitted to cause affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be pled in the proper office, of the actual execution of several contra fts in writing entered into by them to serve as

clerks

1775-3 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 18. 37

clerks to attorneys or solicitors, within the time in which the same ought

to have been done, and many infants, and others, thereby incur

certain disabilities; r preventing thereof and relieying, such persons,

be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who, Ptrfona who

at the paffingof this act, shall have neelefted or omitted tocaufe shall cause af

any such affidavit or affidavits as aforesaid to be made and tiled,

and who, on or before the first day of Michaelmas term, one thou ]vj%haelma»

sand seven hundred and seventy five, shall caufeoneor more af term, 1775,

fidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed, in

such manner as the same ought to have been made and filed in

dile time, shall be, and" is hereby indemnified, freed, and dif areindemnf

charged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, ficd* and dif

and disabilities, in or by any ad oraftsof parliament mentioned j h^g^d from

and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of such neglect ^

or omission 5 and every such affidavit and affidavits foto be

made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the said first

day of Michaelmas term, one thousand seven hundred and seventyr

five, shall be as effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the

same had been made and filed within the respective times the

same ought, by the laws now in being for that purpose, to have

been made and filed.

Vlir, And be it further enabled, That in case any action, suit, person pro bill of indictment, or information, shall, from and after the fecuted and passing of this act, be brought, carried on, or prosecuted, against hereby meant any person or perfdns hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any forfei plead ture, penalty, incapacity, or disability whatsoever incurred, pr to neral iffuet be incurred, by any such neglect or omission, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and, upon their defence, give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, upon any trial tq be had thereupon.

CAP. XVIII

jfn act to refrain the trade and commerce of the colonies of New jersey, Pensylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British ifknds in the West lnr dies, under certain conditions and limitations.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of Preamble.

King Charles the Second, entitled, An act for the encou Clau'e in aft raging and increasing of shipping and navigation; and by Jeveral r

subsequent acts of parliament, which are now in force, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That for every fbip or vessel which Shall load any commodities, in those acts particularly enumerated, at any British plantation, being the growth, product, or manufacture thereof, bonds Shall be given, with one surety, to the value of one thousand pounds, if the Jbip be of less burden than one hundred tonnes, and of the sum if two thousand pounds, if the hip be of greater burden, that the same commodities Shall be brought by such ship or vessel to some other British plantation, or to some port in Great Britain : and whereas, by several other acts of parliament which are now in force, no common aities of the growth, product, or manufacture, of Europe, (except salt

D 3 for

3$ Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 18. [1775*

for the fjheries, wines of the Madeira s and Azores and Weliem Islands, and vielual and linen cloth from Ireland, under the rejiric tiom in such alls particularly mentioned,) can be imported info any plantation, colony, territory, or place, belonging to his Majesty, in Asia, Africa, or America, but what shall be bona side, and without fraud, laden andjhippea in Great Britain, and carried dire Elly from thence: and whereas, (luring the continuance of the combinations, and dfirders, which at this time prevail within the colonies of New jersey, Pensylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to the objlruhion of the commerce of theje kingdoms, and other his afa jejlys dominions, and in breach and violation of the laws of this realm, it is highly unfit that the inhabitants of the said colonies fhouli enjoy the same privileges of trade, and the same benefits and advantages to which his Majesty s faithful and obedient fubjeels are sntitled; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pres.nt parliament assembled, and After July 20, by the authority of the same. That from and after the twentieth *775» day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, and

during le continuance of this atf, no goods, wares, or mer ed inv and by chandifes, which are particularly enumerated in, and by the said act 11 Car. *. a made in the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, or any being tne other a, being the growth, product, or manufacture, of tbc cludt^&c^of colonies of New Jerfty, Penjylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and newj^riey^c.^^ Carolina, in North America, or any or either of them, are arc to be ’ to be brought to some other British colony, or to Great Britain; brought into or any such enumerated goods, wares, or merchandise, which some other shall at any time or times have been imported or brought into ny/or into fe coionics, or any or either of them, shall be shipped, car great Britain tied, conveyed, or transported, from any of the said colonies re fpc&ively, to any land, island, territory, dominion, port, or place whatsoever, other than to Great Britain, or fomc of the British and that no islands in the ivefi Indies, to be laid on (bore there; and, that no other goodi of other goods, wares, or merchandises whatsoever, of the growth, tufeorti^co prck*uct, or manufacture, of the colonies herein before mentioned. Ionics men Qr which shall at any time or tiyies have been imported or brought tioned are to into the same, shall, from and after the said twentieth day of July, be trai>iported and during the continuance of this act, be shipped, carried, conto

any other veych or transported, from any of the said colonies refpetf ively, p !ce except to * i

Great Britain to any other land, Uland, territory, dominion, port, or place

or Ireland, C whatsoever, except to the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland,

qr to some of the British islands in the West Indies, to be laid pp

shore there any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not with

ftnnefs, with - (landing.

fureries, to be jt. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That fr°m anc ater re twentieth day of July, before any fliipor tcr’s hetore vessel sham or lac on board any goods, as aforesaid, in any taking on or either of the colonies before mentioned, sufficient bond, with board any one surety, befldes the matter of such ship or vessel, shall be given ^r^wth°ac^ofto colledlor, or other principal officer of the customs at the f^colonus. p°r*or placp where such goods are intended to be laden or taken

oa

1775-] Auto dectmo qginto Georgii III C 18.

39

on board, in the penalty of one thousand pounds if the ship bs

of less burden than one hundred tonnes, and of the sum of two

thousand pounds if the ship shall be of that or any greater burden;

with condition, that such enumerated goods shall not be

landed or put on (bore at or upon any other land, island, territory,

dominion, port, or place whatsoever, except some port or place

within the kingdom of Great Britain, or some of the British islands

in the Wtfi Indies; and that all other goods, wares, or merchant

difet, so intended to be laden as aforesaid, shall not be landed or

put on shore at or upon any land, island, territory, dominion,

port, or place whatsoever, other than and except some port or

place within the kingdoms of Great Britain or Irelands or some

of the British islands of the ivejl Indies; and with further condi Shipmafterito

tion, to bring a certificate in discharge thereof, within eighteen deliver ce.tifi

months from the date of such bond, for such of the said goods of.the f

as shall be entered for, or landed in, Great Britain or Inland reid

fpeftively; and within six months for such of th said goods as 6

shall be entered for, or landed in, any of the British islands in

the Wtjl Indes j which respective certificates shall be undqr the j"h!5h

hands and seals of office of the collector and comptroller, or other [he Collector

principal officer of the cuftoma, resident at (he port or place where at the port

such goods shall be landed, teftitying the landing thereof; or where landed.

such bond or bonds shall and may be discharged by proof upon

oath, made by credible persons, that the said goods were taken

by enemies, or peri (tied in the Teas.

III And it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That where any such bond or bonds shall be given as afore After bonds said, in pursuance of this act, the collector, or other principal £avc officer of the customs, to whom such bond or bonds shall have {j^^certify * been given, shall delives, under his hand and seal of office, with the same, out see or reward, to the matter of the ship or vessel taking in such goods, for the security of her navigation, a certificate, that such bond or'bonds hath or have been given, exprefiing therein the quantity and fpeciesof the goods, with the marks and numbers of the packages, and the port or place for which they wef£

(entered; and if any such goods shall be laden on board aqy such Goods ia<je& Ship or vessel, in any of the colonies in this act before mention n b?arclbe." CD before such bond or bonds shall be given, or (halj be found without cm board any ship or vessel without the certificate fierejn before certificate, are fiirested, that such bond or bonds hath or have been given, the to be forfeited goods so laden, together with the ship or vessel, with her guns, ship,

ammunition, tackle, apparel and furniture, shall be forfeited 5 '

and if any goods, so laden as aforesaid, shall be landed or discharged at any port or place contrary to the intent and meaning of this act, over and above the penalty of the bond or bonds the (hipper and owner of such goods, and the matter or person taking charge of the vessel on board which they were laden, shall respectively forfeit the full value of the goods so landed or discharged, to be ettimated according to the highest price or value which such sort of goods bear m the colony where, and at the time when, they were shipped and laden y which ship and goods

goods prohibited to be brought into the coionics,

from Great Britain.

40 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III c.18. [1775*

may be seized and prosecuted, or the value of such goods prosecuted for, by any admiral, chief commander, orcommissioned officer, of his majesty’s fleet or ships of war, or by any officer of his majesty’s customs, in the manner herein after directed. IV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore? After Sept, t, said. That from and after the first day of September, one thousand i even hundred and feventj^ five, .and during the continuance of cmn snrfni this ac nq ort winesf salt or any goods or commodities whatsoever, (except hprfes, victual, and linen cloth, the produce and manufacture of Ireland, imported directly from thence,) shall be imported into any of the said colonies herein before re'pec unless? without tively mentioned, upon any pretence whatsoever, unless such fraud shipped goods shall be bona side, and without fraud, laden and shipped in Great Britain, and carried directly from thence, upon forfeiture thereof, and of the ship or vessel on board which such goods shall be laden 1 and it shall be lawful for any admiral, chief commander, or commissioned officer of his majesty’s fleet or ships of war, or any officer of his majesty’s customs, to seize any ship or vessel arriving at any of the said colonies before mentioned, or which shall be discovered within two leagues of any (here thereof, having such goods on board, and the goods laden thereon, (except as before excepted,) for which the master, or other person taking charge of such ship or vessel, shall not produce a cocket or clearance from the collector, or proper officer of his majesty’s customs, certifying, that the said goods were laden on board the said ship or vessel in some port of Great Britain, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this actor anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit the ex celery for his portat*on or carrying out from any of the bolonies before men ma^ctty'sfhips tioned, or the importation into the same, of any goods or comet war or modifies whatsoever, for the victualling or providing any of his fom See. majesty’s ships of war, or other ships or vessels in his majesty’s service, or for his majesty’s foroes, sorts, or garrisons; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Nor to hinder VI And provided also, That nothing herein contained shall the lawful im extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or restrain the law portation of fuj importation into any or either of the said colonies herein be srituhwffthe^ore mentioned, from any of theffr/v/jfciflands in the Wtfl Indies, of any such goods or commodities, being the growth or produce thereof, as may now by law be imported from thence into the said coionics, or any or either of them.

VII And, in order to prevent frauds and abvfits which may be committed contrary to the intention and against the provisions of this alt, by the exportation of any goods of the growth, pro dull, or manufacture of the colonies of New Jersey, rensylvania, Maryland, and Virginia, from any of the ports within the government of the counties of Newcastle, Kent, and Sussex on Delaware, in North America, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That during the continuance of this act, io goods or commodities vyhatfoever fhau

be

This act not to extend to goods, 8tc. northeast

India t (lands into the foki colonies.

no’foods to be fh»pped from N vr cmle* Kent,

i775-i Annoi decimo quinto Georgii III C 18. 41

be shipped, to be carried from any port or place within the said Sic. except to counties of Newcaftie, Kent and Suffix on Delaware, or either of Great Britain them, to any other land, port, or place whatsoever, except to the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or to same of the British that fuc™ C islands in the fvtft Indies, until the owner or exporter of such goods at e the goods shall have made oath, or being one of the people called product, cof Shakers, shall have affirmed, before the collector or other proper ^ coun officer of the customs at the port or place where the same (hallt1c8* be shipped, (which oith or affirmation such colledlor or other officer is hereby authorised to administer)) such goods are really and bona side of the growth, produdf, or manufacture of one or other ot the said counties; of which fact, the collector and a certifi or other proper officer of the customs shall and is hereby requir cate kr^ntcd * ed to give a certificate, under his hand, to the mafterof the ship or vessel on board which such goods are laden, for the security of her navigation; and in failure of producing such certificate, fr the such ship or vessel, and the goods thereon laden, shall be forfeit ^

and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as herein after di forfeited, rected.

VIII And whereas it is the intent and meaning of this all, that the several prohibitions and rejlraints herein before enabled Should be discontinued and cease, so soon as the trade and commerce of his maje fiy jubje&s may be carried on without interruption within the said coionics; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, that^encvfr lt whenever it shall be made appear, to theiatisfaction of his ma he governor jefty’s governor or commander in chies, and the majority of the of New Jersey, council of the colonies of New Jersey, Pensylvania, Maryland, See. that peace Virginia, and Squth Carolina, that peace and obedience to the laws jj fr shall be so for restored within the said coionics, or either of them, j^colon^s, that the trade and commerce of his majesty’s subjects may be that trade may carried on without interruption within the same, and that goods, he carried on, wares, and merchandise, have been freely imported into the said he t0 n^tify coionics, or either of them, from Great Britain, and exposed sale, without any let, hindrance, or moleftatfon, from or by rea ^ of any unlawful combinations to prevent or obstruct the same; and that goods, wares, and merchandise, have in like manner been exported from the said coionics, or either of them respectively, to Great Britain, for and during the term of one calendar month preceding; that then, and in such case, if shall and may be lawful for the governor or commander ih chies, with the advice of the council of such colonies respectively, by proclama jion, under the seal of such respective colony, to notify the same to the several officers of the customs, and all others; and after such proclamation, this act, with respect to such colony, within which such proclamation or proclamations have been iftued as aforesaid, shall be discontinued and cease, (except as herein after provided;) and all officers of his majesty’s customs, and all other nd all officers persons having charge of the execution of this af, having re °fc11^requir! ceived due notice of such proclamation, are hereby directed and c(j topa*y due required to yield and pay obedience to such proclamation, and to obedience proceed iq the dischargeof their refpedfive duties, in admitting thereto.

to

i

42 Anno decimo qubto Georgii III C i. [1775^

to entry, clearing, and discharging, all ships and vessels, and all goods, wares, and merchandises, into and out of such respective colony, in like manner as if this act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted Proclamation and declared by the authority aforesaid, hat such proclamation c^ee pro r proclamati°ns shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to ctedfngs upon discharge or suspend any proceedings upon any seizure which any (Azure shall haye been made, or any prosecution which shall have beer) made before commenced for any penalty or forfeiture inflicted by this act b.c.. lltuingthereof. fore the issuing of such proclamation or proclamations.

X And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore

Persons giving said. That if any person or persons shall give or grant any falfo catescor coln cert^catc> cocket, or clearance, for any of the purposes required teriei\mg, cor directed by this act, such person or persons shall forfeit the the same to sum of five hundred pounds, and be rendered incapableof serve foi teit 500i. ing his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in any office whatsoever; and if any person or persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter? or falsify any certificate, cocket, or clearance, required or directed by this act, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of any false certificate, cocket, or clearance, or of any certificate, cocket, or clearance, so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; and such certificate, cocket, or clearance, shall be invalid and of no effect.

How penalties XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^cvera^ f°rfei*ures nd penalties inflicted by this act shall and cured Lid ap may b prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, and be divided, plied. paid, and applied, in like manner as other penalties and forfeitures,

inflicted by any act or acts of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the b*itijh colonies or plantations in America, are directed to be prosecuted, sued for, or recovered, divided, paid, and applied, by two several ^ftsof parliament, the one passed ip the foorth year of his present Majesty, entitled. Ah eft for granting certain duties in the British colonies and plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual an act, passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his majesty’s sugar colonies in America; sot applying the product of such duties, and of the duties to arise by virtue of the said act, towards defraying the expenses of defending, protecting, ana securing, the said colonies and plantations; for explaining an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second,

intituled, An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eafl- land trades, and for the better securing the plantation trade; and for altering and disallowing several drawbacks on exports from tbit kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandefiine conveyance of \ goods to and from the said colonies and plantations, and improving and

securing the trade between the some and Great Britain; and the other, passed in the eighth year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled, An act sot the more easy and effectual recovery of the pe

naltits

43

1775*] Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 19 — 22,

Baltics and forfeitures infiifled by the act: of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the British colonies and plantations ire America.. *

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons sued That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person, or persons, for anything done in pursuance of this act of fujmkcto^thif parliament, the defendant or defendants in such action or suit act, may plead may plead the general issue, and give the said act, and the fpe the general cial rnatter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and *^uc> that the same was done in pursuance of and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear foto have been done, the jury mall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like reme and recover dy for the same, as defendants have in othfcr cafeji by law, lc coil

CAP. XIX

An act to enable the commissiontrs for executing the office of treasurer of his Majesty's exchequer, or the lord high treasurer tor the time being, to compound with the representatives ot Hugh Barlow, Herbert Lloyd, and William Skyrae, a debt due his Ma jetty from William Williams,

deceased.

CAP. XX

An act to amend and render more effectual two acts, passed in the sixth and tenth years of the reign of his prefont Majesty, for making a navi, gable cut or canal from the river Trent, at or near Wiiden fry, in the county of Derby, to the river Mersey, at or near Runcorn Gap.

CAP. XXL

Ap act for the better relief and employment of the poor within the parith of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex; and for building a workhouse in the said panlh.

CAP. XXII

An act for vefling part of the garden of the focieiy Lincoln's Inn, in the county fl/'middiesex, in the accountant general of the court. of chanceryand his fucceffiorsyfor ever, for the purpefe of ere fling thereon offices for the accountant general, and for the regtjfer of the said court.

WHEREAS by an a fly passed in the fourteenth war of Preamble.

reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for rebuild Aft rj Geo. 3* ing the office of the six clerks of the king’s court of chancery, rcclted* and for ereftine offices for the register and accountant general of the said court, for the better preserving the records, decrees, orders, and books of account, kept in mch offices,) it isy omongft. other things enacted, That cut of the funds therein particularly men tionedy after paying and defraying the charges and etpences attending the passing and obtaining the said a fly afum of ten thousand pounds be applied, as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or lord keeper,

or

44

Anno decimo quinto Georgii IIJ. C 22, [1775,

or lords commi([toners for the custody of the great seal of Great Britain for .the time being, Shall, in his.or their discretion, deem necejfa -- ry, w erecting proper and convenient offices for the [aid register and accountant general of the [aid court, separate and detached from each other; and in pur chasing fitch ground and houses as Shall be necessary for those purposes; and for preserving the ancient books of entries of decrees and orders of the fa id court 5 and that the ground and houses to be pur chased for the purpose of ertfiling thefiaid offices for the faiaregi jltr and accountant general be conveyed to aid vefied in Thomas an gui(h, esquire, accountant goneral of the fiaid court, and his successors in the [aid office for the time being, for ever, in trufi, to and for the purpojes in the [aid afil mentioned, concerning the offices of the sail regifier and accountant general, and sot no other use or purpose what fotver: and whereas the honourable society of lincoln’s Inn are owners of a convenient spot of ground, part of the ancient garden be longing to the said society, tybicb will in all refpefils answer the purposes intended by the said recited afil, upon which the sail offices may be (refiled, efficiently detachedfrom any other buildings, and the worfbipful the masters of the bench of thefaidfociety have agreed to dispose osso much ground, part of the (fid garden, as Shall be necessary for the purpose of ere filing the said offices, to be applied to that use, (to wit,) All that piece or parcel of ground, fituatt on the east side of the garden next Chancery Lane, abutting south on a way intended to be made into the said inn; east, on ground adjoining to Chancery Lane aforesaid, intended to be laid open; north, on groundgredited, or agreed to be grant ed, to tbefix clerks, whereon an office is intended to be erefilei\ and wefi, on ground also belonging to the said society, intended to he laid open : containing in breadth from east .to wefix at the south end, seventy seven feet seven ittches of assize, with a break northward of four inches in the centre of the said south end thirty‘four feet in length contain big in length, from north to south, on the east side, ninety seven feet ten inches and three quarters of assize, with a break we/lwdrd of eleven feet six inches and an half in the [aid east side, commencing at the difiance of twenty-one feet nine inches and an half from the south end; and containing in breadth from eafi to west, at the north end fifty-four feet six inches of assize \ in length from north to south, on the west side, ninety'seven feet ten inches and three quarters of assize, with a break eafiward of eleven feet six inches and an half in the said wefi side, commencing at the dtfiance of twenty-one feet nine inches and an halffrom the south end which piece or parcel of ground is situated on a parallel with the buildings now carrying on in the said garden, and commences on the north boundary thereof at the diffi tame of forty-two feet nine inches fiouttoward of the centre of the said buildings; and the said ground hath been approved by the right honourable the lord high chancellor, as proper for the [cite of the f aid buildings 5 but in as much as the [oil and freehold of the said garden is vested in trufiees, upon truji for the [aid society, and a good title cannot be made to the said spot of ground without the aid of parliament; be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent tna jefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords ipiritual and temporal, and commons, in thispresent parliament assembled

L ooq le

1775*1 Anrio dcdmo quin to Georgii III c.23 — -27. 45

bled, and by the authority of the same. That such plot or pared a certain plot of the said garden, belonging to the said society of Lincoln's Inn of Lincoln's be, and the same is hereby vested in Thomas Anguifb, esquire, ac countant general of the said court of Chancery, to hold to him, ^asca1neui(h " and his successors in the said office for the time being, for ever, £fqi &cgfor 9 in trust, to and for the purposes in the said recited ai of the four building of teenth year of the reign of his pfefent Majesty, and in this afoe* for the mentioned, concerning the offices of the faia register and ac acecn°^[a^ countant general, and to and for no other use, intent, or purpose fi nera * whatsoever; and that the said offices, when eretsted, be free and ?l)c said from all taxes, rates, and afteffments whatsoever, save and ex b.c.. cept such as the accountant general and register, or either of taxes them, do now pay in refpe<& of their said offices.

II Provided neverthelefa, That the afieffinents to the land Proviso. tax, now paid or payable by the said offices, or either of them,

be continued 10 be paid within the division of the liberty of the rolls, wherein the same have been hitherto paid.

III And be it further enabled, That the charges and expenses How the ex attending the passing and obtaining this acfc be paid and defray pence of this ed out of the same funds, and in like manner, as the charges *. *rc 10 ** and expenses attending the passing and obtaining the said recited pai

act of the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty are thereby directed.

CAP. XXIII

An act for building a worlchouse, and for the brtter relief and employment of the poor within the parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the county ofmiddiefex.

CAP. XXIV

An act for incorporating certain persons, for the relief of poor widows and children of clergymen within the county of Huntingdon.

CAP. XXV

An act for taking down the common gaol of the county of Hertford, and for building a new gaol in a more commodious hcuatiou.

CAP. XXVI

An agt for appointing cororoiflioners for putting in execution an at of this feffiod of parliament, entitled. An act for granting an aid to bis m.d.. jefiy by a land tax, to be raised tn Great Britain, ar the fer<vtce of the fear one tboufand/even hundred and je*venty five.

CAP. XXVII din all for admeafuring wagons avd other carriages used in loading coals on board/hips at thefever al ports of this kingdom, in the same manner as at the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the sixth and ft Preamble.

ttenth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the a6t6&7gul.|. Third, entitled, An act for the better admeasurement of keels and keel boats in the port of Newcastle, and the members thereunto belonging; and py another act made in the eleventh year of the Aft 11 Geo. u reign of his late majesty King George the Second, keels > and all other recited.

carriages

46 ' Anno dcqimo quinto georgii III C 27. [1775.

eat rigges used for the carriage of coals in the parts of Newcastle upon % Tyne and Sunderland, upon the river Wear, and all other plates

within the counties 0/* Northumberland and Dunham, are to be ad measured and marked, as in and by the faidfirst recited a ft is directed: and whereas the said admeasurement of keels and other carriages, used for the conveyance of coals, in order to be Jhipped from those ports, hath been found by experince to tend greatly to the accommodation of trade, and the security of the public revenue; and it is expedient that the carriages used in loading coals on board Ships or vejj'els in other parts of Great Britain Should be also admeafured and marked, in order that the coal trade throughout the kingdom may be put upon a more equal footings and the duties payable to his Majesty thereon may be more effectually secured and collected; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted * be it enabled by the king’s moll excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefetit After July 5, parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That 1775, his Ma from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred ^fty int^com an kvcnty*five> it Shall ani may be lawful for his Majesty his nnffioners for heirs an successors, by his or their commission or commissions admeafuring issuing out of the court of exchequer in England or Scotland re and marking fpedlively, to nominate and appoint commissioners for the ad a11 keonsb&cti> mca^urlng anc making all keels boats,. wagons, barrows, umforcarry carts and coups, and all other vessels or carriages whatsoever' ' coals, C which now are or hereafter may be used in the carriage of coals, as byaa 6&; in order to, be laden on board any ship or vessel for exportation <^ul* 3« to foreign parts, or to be carried coastwise from any other port or place of this realip, in the same manner as such commissioners are appointed in pursuance of the said first recited act for admeafuring and marking of keels and other carriages used for the carriage of coals m the said ports of Newcastle and Sunderland r which commissioners, foto be appointed in pursuance of this act, or any three or more of them, shall cause all keels, boats, wagons, barrows, carts, and coups, and all other vessels and carriages whatsoever, soused as aforesaid, at every other port in this kingdom, to be admeasured, weighed, numbered, and marked, at such times and places, and by such perfbn and persons, as the said commissioners shall respectively diraft and appoint for that purpose, in manner hereafter expressed; that is to say. All keels, boats, wagons, barrows, carts, and coups, and all other vessels and carriages whatsoever, used as aforesaid in the carriage of such coals as are usually sold by the chalder, shall be ' measured with good middling coals, by the bushel commonly The dimen called The Coal Bushel, made round, with a plain and even bot tom nineteen inches and an half from outside to outside, and to nulhei. contain one Winchester bushel and one quart of water, according to the (landard for the ivinchefter bushel, described by an act of parliament, made in the thirteenth year pf the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, for settling a duty upon malt. Keels, boats, allowing thirty-six bu/hels heaped up to one chalder; and all wagons, C keels, teats, wagons barrows, aad all other vefleuand car to be measured C riages

\

£775-] Anno decimo quinto Georgii III c.27. 47

fiages, used as aforeftid in the carriage of such coals as are ufiially by the tonne lolo by weight, shall be measured by the tonne, containing twenty containing hundred weight, each hundred weight to contain one hundred *° cwt*&c* and twelve pounds weight avoirdupoise; and every such wag wagons,

En, cart, coup, or other land carriage, so ad measured as afore carts, keels d, shall be numbered, marked, and nailed, on the head and each side thereof; and each and every keel, boat, or other vef nd in what fel or water carriage, soused as aforesaid in the carriage of such manner, coals as are usually sold by weight, shall be admeafured by a dead weight of lead or iron, allowing twenty hundred weight avoir dupoife to the tonne; afhd every such keel, boat, or other vessel or carriage, soused as aforesaid in the carriage of any coals by water, whether usually sold by the chalder or by weight, so admea aired at aforesaid, shall be numbered, marked, and nailed, on each side of the stem and stern and midthip thereof, or in such other manner as the said comntiffioners shall refpetfively dire, to denote what quantity of coals each refpedi V e carriage will hold and carry up to the mark so fet thereon 5 and the several and refpetfive his#majh!y*s duties due and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon such coals, shall be charged, collected, and paid for to the quanti the same, according to the quantity of coals such keels, boats, ty such keels. Wagons, barrows, carts, coups, or other vefleis or carriages, boats, kc. (halt Stall respectively contain up 16 the mark so fet thereon; any co"r#ln# law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II And be it further ensued by the authority aforesaid. That Commiflionen the said commissioners appointed in pursuance of this a, ortofciv<: t*)rec any three of them, shall give three days notice of the time and place of such admeasurement to the owner or owners of such keels. See. of keels, boats, wagons, barrows, carts, coups, or other vefleis or the time and carriages; and ifafter such notice given, any keel or other car place ot ad riage whatsoever shall be used or employed in the carriage or re '"ft™ such

Irioval of any eoals, in order to be laden on board any ship or notice, if any ▼effd for exportation to foreign parts, or to be carried coastwise kce', See. he in this kingdom, before the same shall be measured, numbered, before marked, and nailed, as aforesaid, every such keel, boat, wagon, ^famifro^s barrow, cart, coup, or other vessel or carriage, together with the forfeited, See. coals which shall be laden thereon, shall be forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the cuftotns, and prosecuted in the manner herein after directed.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That f any nom in case after the admeasuring, numbering, marking, and nailing, removed '* any keel, boat, wagon, barrow, cart, coup, or other vessel or C afrcr carriage, the number or mark so fet thereon as aforesaid, or any measurement pan thereof, shall be removed or altered, in order to fruftrate°f ke<ri*f wag the intent and meaning of thi9 a, such keel, boat, waggonv^°j}, L ^c^c3r barrow, cart, coup, or other vessel or carriage, and the coals, if fcjtcd, any shall be laden thereon, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as aforesaid; and the owner or owners and the on 6f such keel, boat, wagon, barrow, cart, * coup, or other vessel r or persons or carriage, and each and every person and persons who shall any ways concerned in or privy to the doing thereof, and who 0 CX 1

. shall

which may he levied by distress,

or such persons may be Committed till paymont.

Persons ap pointed tt take an ac

48. Anno defcirho quinto georgii III ck 2 74 [ 17754

shall be convicted of such offence upon the evidence of one or more credible witness or witnesses before any one or more justice oijustices of the peace for the county town or .place where the offence shall be committed shall refpedivcly forfeit the sum of ten pounds; to be levied upon his, her, or their goods and chattels by distress and sale thereof, by warrant under the band and leal of such justice or justices, rendering the overplus, if any, to the peffon or persons distrained upon; and for want of sufficient distress, the owner or owners of such keel, boat, wagon, barrow, cart, coup, or other vessel or carriage, and the person or persons so convicted of such offence shall, by like warrant, be committed to the common gaol for the county, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, thereto remain for the fpaceof three months without bail or mainprize, unless the said penalty of ten pounds shall be paid before the expiration of that time.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of July, any officer or officers of the customs appointed to examine nd take an account

countof^oals (be quantity of any coals, culm, or cinders, which shall be culm, C ’ laden or shipped on board any ship or vessel at any port or place

shipped, C whatsoever in this kingdom, to be exported into foreign parts, may enter and or to be carried coastwise from such port or place to any other wh^t^&c.any Port member, or creek, within the same port, or to any other * * port or place in Great Britian, shall and may freely enter and remain

in and upon any ftaith, wharf, or other place, from whence such coals, culm, or cinders, are laden, or intended to be shipped *nd^eryj)€r‘ off and laden, as aforesaid; and every person who shall hinder, officersin their Qbftrud, molest, or oppose, any officer or officers of the customs.. to forfeit in the due execution of his or their duty required and directed * this act, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one

hundred pounds.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all the forfeitures and penalties herein before mentioned (after the deducing the charges of seizing, prosecuting, and recovering the same) shall be divided, one moiety to hismajesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of

the officer who the customs as shall seize or sue for the same; and the.said for fime1uc it ^tures anc penalties (excepting in such cases where other di ame* redions are given in this act) shall and may be prosecuted and

sued for in his majesty’s court of exchequer in England or Scotland respectively.

Collectors of VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thai tne customs to from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hun ofthetime^d^rcc* anc seventy'6ve» (he colledor and cpmptroller, or other place where principal officer of the customs, at every port or place in this kingdom, where any keels, boats, wagons, barrows, cans, or other vessels or carriages whatsoever, shall be ipeafured and marked in pursuance of the directions of this act, or of any former act or acts of parliament now in force, shall register, or cause to be registered, in a book to be kept for that purpose, an account of the time and place when and where the said keels,

boats.

200i.

Forfeitures C to be divided, one moiety to his Majesty, and the other to

keels, boats, care mark ed, C

1575*1 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C a 45

boats, wagons, barrows, or other vessels or carriages, were measured, marked, and nailed, with the dimensions, and the name of the owner Or owners thereof, and the quantity of coats tach keel, boat, wagon, barrow, or other vessel or carriage,

Will refyedtivdy hold and carry up to the mark let thereon; and Pc ap every person appointed or to be appointed to measure, mark, ^lc«ndmea« and nail, such keels, boats, wagons, barrows, or other vessels sure keek, or carnages, or to examine and take an account of the tpiantity boat, See to of coals laden there from on board any ship or vessel, shall take jp^£fth ^ an oath before the collector and comptroller, or other principal fofth* officer of the customs at the port or place where he shall be so faithful disappointed, for the true and faithful performance and discharge of charge of their his duty, according to the directions and instructions such officer duty

shall receive for that purpose from the respective commissioners of his Majesty's customs in Great Britain, which oath the said collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs, are hereby authorised and empowered to administer.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person aion or persons for anything done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced and prosecuted in the court of exchequer only in that part of Great Britain called England, or in the court rf session or exchequer only in that part of Great Britain called Scotland respectively, within the (pace of four calendar months next after the fact shall be committed or done: and if such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in England, the defendant or defendants in any such action or uit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special General issue; matter in evidence at any trial to be bad thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear foto have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited or difoontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like Treble cost. remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law: and if such action or suit shall be How proceed commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the said court of session or exchequer before whom such Scotland, action or suit shall be brought shall allow the defendant to plead this acton his defence, and if the pursuer shall not inflft on his action, or if judgement shall be given against the pursuer, the defendant shall and may recover the full and real expenses he may have been put to by any such action or suit.

CAP,

Vpt. XXXI

£

.Anno cfccitno qointb Georgii ill. C 28. *£1775#

CAP.’ xxvitl

An act for alirringy explaining, amending several efts of the

parliament of Scotland, respecting colliers ttolrb**rtr*y and falters.

WHEREAS ly the statute law of Scotland, as explained fy the judges of the courts of law there, many colliers and coal bearers and salters are in a Jlate offlavery or bondage, bound to the collieries and fak works where they work for listy transjerrable with ike collieries at{d salt works, when their original masters have no further use for them: and whereas persons are difour aged and prevented from learning the art or bujhefs of colliers or coal bearers, and saiters, by their becoming bound to the collieries and salt works for life, whet; e they jbajl work for the space of one year, by means whereof there are not a sufficient number of colliers, coal bearers, and saiters, in Scotland, for working the quantities of coal and salt necejfarily wanted; and many new discovered coals remain unwroughty and many are not sufficiently wrought, nor are there a sufficient number of salters for the salt works, to the great loss of the owners and disadvantage to the public: and whereas the emancipating or sitting free the colliers, coal bearersy and falters in Scotland, who are now in a fate ojffer vitude, gradually and upon reajonable conditions, and the preventing others from coming into such a fate of servitude, would be the means of increasing the number of colliers, coal bearers, and saiters,, to the great bctufit of the public, without doing any injury to the present wafersy and would remove the reproach of allowing fuh a fate of servitude to exif in q free country; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by thelecmg's * most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par after July i, lament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That from -1775, no per and after the firil day of July, in this present year one thousand son who shall ftven hundred and seventy five, no person, who shall begin to acolher or wor^ as a confer coal bearer, or (alter, or in any other way in a falter in Scot colliery or salt work, in Scotland, shall be bound to such colliery or land to be salt work, or to the owner thereof, in any way or mannei'different

bound in any from what is permitted by the law of Scotland with regard to fer otherfervants" Vants anc labourers; and that they shall be deemed free, and * shall enjoy the same privileges, rights, and immunities, with the rest of his msyefty’s fubjo&s, any law or usage in Scotland to the contrary notwithstanding.

Owners of ll. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for all owners and collieries and leftees of collieries and fak works, and for colliers, coal bearers, salt works, c and saiters, to take persons bound by contrail or indenture, as make take ap apprentices, to learn the art or business of coal hewing, coal ln 1 C * bearing, or making fair, for any term of years permitted by the law of Scotland with regard to apprentices in other arts and myllcrics.

ill. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That

Preamble

1775j Anno decimo quinto georgii III C 28* 51

That all persons under the age of twenty-one years, upon the Persons cm said first day of July, employed as colliers, coal bearers, or salt crs, in Scotland, and bound to any colliery or salt work, shall, jcr [t y'ars- after seven years service from the said first day of July, be free shall be free from their service and servitude, and at liberty to engage them after seven felvesas servants or labourers in any other colliery or salt work, year service, or in any other kind of labour whatever.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All bound That all bound colliers and falters in Scotland, above the age of faitir^above twenty-one years, and under the age of thirty-five years, upon n and under die said first day of July, after a service of ten years; and all 3^ after afer eolliers and salters above the age of thirty-five years, but under V ce°f

the age of fortyfive years at the said first day of July, after? |hofe*above service of seven years; and after their having respectively found 35 an(j under and Efficiently instructed a personas an apprentice, if required 45 after even foto do by the matter or lessee of the colliery or salt work, years, to be within one year after the said first day of July next, in the art found and^n or mystery of coal hewing or making of salt, of the ageofeigh trusted ap teen years at least; when tuch instruction shall be perfeded, mail premises, if be free from any other servitude or bondage to the colliery or desired. alt work to which they were bound.

V And be it also enacted, That all colliers and saiters, bocndcolu bound to any colliery 01s salt work in Scotland, above the age of cr, » fortyfive years upon the said first day of July next, shall, after frchfrer three three years, be free and discharged from any further servitude or yean, bondage to the colliery or salt work to which they are bound.

VI Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a Collier and

foresaid. That if any bound collier or falter shall not Efficiently falter not inftrodt an apprentice in the art or mystery. of coal hewing or trading ap making of salt, if required by the matter or lessee of the colliery prentices, to or salt work to which he is bound as directed by this act, fuel) serve three collier or (alter shall nevertheless Be free, after the performance ylfwsi°"g.or of an additional service of three years at the colliery or salt and

work to which he is bound. ksfcfts.

VII Provided always. That every collier or falter, claiming Comcrl liberty under the authority of this a d, shall, prior to his being claiming liber freed from his fervjtude or bondage, obtain a decree of the he ty to obtain a riff court of the county in which he resides, finding and declaring decree of th that be is entitled unto his freedom, under the authqrity of this court sd.

VIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That for In raan* the purpose of obtaining such decree, it ffiall and may be lawful fa|ters#are for the collier or falter claiming his freedom to present a petition to fucout their to the sheriff depute or substitute of the county where he resides, freedom. Rating his claim of freedom, and offering to prove the fads

which entitle him to it, and the sheriff depute or substitute is hereby aurhorifed and required to order the petition to be served upon the owner, lessee, or overseer, of the colliery or salt works to which the petitioner is bound, and to order an arifwer to be put in to the petition in ten days after service, Rating the objection or objections to the freedom claimed, if any such are intended

E 2 to

Gooole

p

Person guilty of unlawful nbi

titled to their freedom.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 28. [1773*

to be made; and the sheriff shall thereafter proceed in a summary way in taking the proofs, and all other procedure neeeffa rv, until a decree shall be pronouneed; and if the decree of the lneriff shall be against the petitioner, finding him not entitled to freedom, it shall nevertheless be competent to such petitioner at any period after the expiration of one year, to present a second petition, dating his claim of liberty of new, and which shall be proceeded upon in the same manner as the former; and jf the petitioner fails in obtaining a decree for him on the second petition, he may, after the expiration of one year from the date of the second decree, present a third petition, which shall likewise be proceeded upon in the same manner; and if he fails in obtaining a decree upon his third petition, he may present a fourth, and soon, till he obtains a decree declaring his freedom, one year at lead being expired after a decree upon one petition before it shall be competent to present another.

IX Provided always. That in case it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the said sheriff, that the person so applying by pe subsequent to the pading of this act, been guilty of two year after entering into any unlawful combination with the other colliers they would or falters to leave off working, in order to distress or injure the have been in proprietor or lessee of such coal or salt work, or in order to compel him to increase the wages or allowances usually paid for the said work; or that the person so applying shall have wilfully deserted the said works; then, and in that case, the person guilty of such offences shall not be entitled to the benefit of the said ad until the expiration of two years after the respective periods ar which, in terms of this act, he would have been in titled to his freedom, if he had not been guilty of such offences. Respondent to X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, any petition That it shall not be competent for the respondent or refpon t0 pet‘tlon t0 remove the proceedings upon it into ceedings upon the court of session in Scotland, by advocation, or to complain it into the of any decree by appeal or suspension, or to sue for reduction of court of any such decree; and that every decree upon such petition, All decree filing and declaring the freedom of the petitioner, shall be fi declaring free nal and conclusive against the person to whom the petitioner domtobe was bound.

final. XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

When colliers That when colliers or falters obtain their freedom under the taintheir free authority of this act, their wives and children in family with dom, all their them, and all others who make part of their family, and arc family to be coal bearers, or otherwise assistant to them, shall likewise be free.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all coal bearers and other labourers in collieries/or fair work, who are hound to any colliery or salt work in Scotland, anc not belong to thp family of any particular collier or salt years, to serve er, shall, if under the age of fortyfive years, after seven years leven ars; service, from the said first day of July, be free from their service to ferv°th45> ^crv‘lu(^e> aiu* at liberty to engage themselves as Servants or years.vc ^ labourers in any other colliery or lait work, or in any other

kind

also tree,

All coal bear ers who are

bound, C and undfr45

1775-] ' Anno decimo quinto gfcorgii III c.29. £3

kind of work whatsoever, and if above the age of fortyfive years they shall be free after a service of three years.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All colliers. That from and after the first day of July, in this present year &c.havin$ob one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, all colliers and the, r falters then free, and all persons that may thereafter become |jjhle™to*the colliers and saiters, 'and all colliers and salters bound to any benefit the colliery or salt work upon the said first day of July, from the act of Scottime of obtaining their freedom under the authority of this act,, and f°rprc shall be entitled to the benefit of an act made in the parliament wrongous im. of Scotland in the year one thousand seven hundred and one, in prifonment, tituled. Aft for preventing wrongous imprisonment, and against un bcc.., dmo delays in trials 3 anything in the said act to the contrary notr withftandipg.

CAP. XXIX

4n act to repeal two acts, made in the parliament of Scotland, though twenty-eighth day of June, one thousand six hundred and thirty-three, entitled, Aft anent the Cla t Gregour, and the fifteenth day of June, one thousand six hundred and ninety three, entitled, Aft tor the judiciary in the highlands, sofar as relates to the Mac Gregours 5 and to revive an act of the said parliament of the twenty sixth day of April, one thousand six hundred and sixty one, relative to the people called Mac Gregours.

WHEREAS in the parliament Scotland, being the first prcamble.

parliament of King Charles the First, held at Edinburgh, the twenty-eighth day of June, one thousand six hundred and thirty Actof the f three, an act passed, entitled, Aft anent the Clan Gregour, rati f^otlajnd” ° lying and approving all acts of council and of parliament made there 1633, Car. r. tofore against the dan Mac Gregour, and ordaining the clan or recited. people of the name of Gregour or Mac Gregour, and every one of them, at arriving at the age of sixteen, to give security to the privy council of Scotland for their good behaviour and obedience; and that the said clan Gregour Should take to them some other fur name; and that upon their failure to appear, it should be lawful to any of his Majestys Heges to take and apprehend them to be preftnted to the privy council, there to be taken order with \ and if it Should happen any of the said. elan Gregour to be hurt, mutilated, orjlain, the party so doing and their accomplices Should no ways be subject or liable to law therefore, nor incur any pain orfkatth in body or goods, and should be free of all criminal or civil, and the same should be held as good service dene to his Majesty; and that for the better extinguishing and extirpating the foetid dan, no minister or preacher within the bounds therein mentioned should at any time thereafter baptise or chrifien any male child by the name of Gregoor, and that no clerk or notary at any time coming Should make or ftfbfcribe any bond or other security under the name of Gregour: and whereas in the first parliament of kjng Aftoftbepar charles the Jecond, held at Edinburgh, Anno one thousand six hamciit ot hundred andftxty one, an act faffed bearing date the twenty sixth day of April in that year, whereby bis Mojefty, considering that those recited.

* £ 3 who

54, Anno decimo quinto Georgii III c.29* [1775.

jvbo were formerly designed by the name of Mac Gregour had, during the trouble parried themselves with suck loyalty and affection to his Majesty as might justly wipe off all memory of their former miss carriages, and take off all mark of reproach put upon them for the same; and his Majesty being desirous to reclaim his (ubjefts from every soil way, and to give all due encouragement to such as lived in due obedience and submission to his > Majesty's authority and laws of the kingdom, therefore his Majesty, with advice and consent of his (fates of parliament, refunded cajfed, and annulled the thirtieth act of the first parliament of King Charles the First, entitled, Ad anent the dan Gregour, and declared the same void and null in all time coming; and that it fljould be thereafter free to all persons come of the name ' and race of the clan Gregour to keep and make use of the said name of Gregour, or Mac Gregour, and enjoy all privileges and immunities as other subjects, notwithstanding the said act, or any Other acts, or lament of" an tin herein contained, to the contrary; and whereas in the reign Wand 1693, f William and Queen Mary an act passed in the parliament Gul. C Man, rf Scotland, the fifteenth of June, one thousandfix hundred and recited. ninety three entitled, Ad for the judiciary in the Highlands, whereby their Majtfiies, with the advice and consent of the efiates of parliament, revived the act of parliament of one thousand six hundred and thirty-three against the clan Gregour, notwithstanding the same was rejetnded in the year one thousand six hundred and sixty cne, which aft refeiffary their Majefiies did, by this act, annul and make void; and whereas those persons who were the objects of the aforesaid acts did generally give obedience to the hw, by assuming other names, and many of the defendants of those persons now bear the names that were by them so assumed: and whereas the caufis induftive pf the acts for suppressing the name of Gregour, or Mac Gregour, are now little known, and have long ago ceased, and those acts being incapable of execution ever since the powers of the privy council of Scotland were abolished, many persons conftdering them to be'ineffect, and for the most part obsolete, do now use the name of Mac Gregour: and whereas many persons of the surname of Mac Gregour have found diverse inconveniences arifmg to them from the said acts of the parliament 0/" Scotland, particularly by being disabled, and apprehending themselves disabled thereby, from fuin^ and defending in their awn true names in courts of law and jujlice in North Britain, and are desirous to re ajfume the real name of their ancefiors and families but are unwilling foto do while there is the appearance of a legal prohibition (landing against them; and for as much as they cannot be fully relieved without the authority of parliament, may it therefore please your Majesty, (uton the humble petition of Gregor dtevadrof*" ^rum™°od esquire, for himself and many others,) that it may b the parliament racted; and be it enacted bv the king’s most excellent majesty, of Scotland, fey and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and i633&i693, fd temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, farft\hhe3i an ky she authority of the same. That from and after the palling Gregour, are f the kid a f the parliament of Scotland, of the

by this re twenty-eighth day of une, one thousand six hundred and thirty praled. three? and the said act of the parliament of Scotland, of the fifteenth

SB

1775.3 Ajwo decimo quinto georou III C.30.’ teenth day of Jtnu, one thousand six hundred and ninety three, fa far as refpeas the clan Gregour, or Mac shall be and

Rand repealed, rescinded, annulied, and void, to all intents, and purposes whatsoever.

II And it is hereby further enabled, That the said act of the The act of the parliament of Scotland, made the tvrenty sixth day of April, one parliament of thousand six hundred and sixty one, he and the same is hereby ac°^*"j’|g6i revived, and declared to be in full force and vigour in time hereby reviv * coming. rd, and in nil

CAP. XXX ‘ foree‘

An act for allowing the officer appointed to mark or Jlamp the weights to be made use of in weighing the gold andfiver coin of this king -- dem, in pursuance of an act made in the Iqfiftffm of parliament,

- to take certain fees in the 'execution of his office.. \

WHEREAS by an act, made in the fourteenth year of [he

reign of his present Majesty > entitled, An act for regulating preamble, and ascertaining the weights to be made use of in weighing the « G gold and silver coin pf this kingdom, it is eyafled, that eft dec felted. C pliuues or copies of the several jlandard weights therein meptloped Shall be delivered to and lodged in the cujfady. of an officer, to fa from time to time appointedfor that purpose, wpifb a/alary pot wfedwg the yearly fume two hundred and fifty pounds; and that from and after tfa day therein mentioned, all weights (o fa made use of for weighing the said gold andfilver coin Shall be ascertained by the said duplicates or copses i and after having been tried and compared therewith, and found to be jujl and true, Shall, in Ufliwony thereof be marked by the said officer with a Jlamp or mark, which the said officer is thereby di refled to provide; and is also required upon application made to him, ai all ftafonable hours, to Jlamp or mark, in manner therein mentioned, all weights to fa used for weighing the said gold and flyer coin which Should be brought to him for that purpose, and winch he.fboyld find to be just and true, according to the said duplicates qr cpfics of r

the Jlandard weights of a guinea and of a jbilling> qnd of the pares and multiples thereof reffectively, by the find Op dire fled to fa lodged in. \

bis euftody, without fee or reward, and without wilful dffay: and whereas the officer appointedfor the purpoje a fere/aid* in pursuance of the said act* hath hitherto duly executed tfa same, but is unable by. himself to give that dispatch therein wbifh tfa present deaftwmifijb* pmalick require; and it would gfeatiy tend to the jpeedy.cptfying the invention of the said act into execution, 4 if the fid, officer were, permitted to take a f mall fee for tfa ftampiqg or marki&g tfa said weights, towards reimburfmg bins toe npceffiqry expenff of procuring an extraordinary number of affifiaryy adequate tp that fiaii demands, which, as the law now ftqnds, he is not allowed t do may it therefore please your Majesty that it map be yoffladi wd be it enabled by tbelqng’srooft^ef^tm^eft^ by *j^with the advice end content pt the lords spiral and temporal, and voontmorts* in this prefect parliament afiembjed, and by the ttketd!*for authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this.every twelve a it ihaii ml my be layjrful tp and for Jqb$ the weightsftamp

e4 presented

$6 Anno decimo quinto georgii III C 3 r. [ 1775,

present officer, and every other officer to be from time ifo time appointed for the purpose aforesaid, in parfuanceof the said ad, and he and they are hereby respectively authorised and impow cred, to ask, demand, and receive, ot and from all and every person and persons bringing weights to the said office, to be stamped or marked in pursuance of the said ad, any Aim of money not exceeding one penny for every twelve weights so damped or marked before he delivers the same j anything in the said recited ad contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI

An * ft for the encouragement of the fijheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe, and for securing the return of the fijhermen, sailors, and others employed in the faidfijheries, to the forts thereof at the end of the fijhing sea fan.

Preamble. "YTTHE RE A S the fjheries carried on by his Majeftfs July efts

V V of Great Britain and of the British dontihions in Europe have been found to be the hest nurfertes for able and experienced seamen, always ready to man the royal navy when occasions require; and it is therefore of the highejl national importance to give all due encouragement to the said fijheries, and to endeavour to feeure the annual return of the fijbermen, sailors, and others employed therein, to the ports of Great Britain, and of his Mojefiy's dominions before mentioned, at the end of every fijhing season, now, in order to promote these great and important purposes, and with a view, in the first place, to induce his Mojefiy's Jubjefts to proceed early from the ports of Great Britain to the banks of Newfoundland, and thereby to prosecute the fishery on the said banks to the greatefi advantage, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present After Jan. t, parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That

tote’riven'to* rom ar ater tjlc ^ Jfinuary > onc thoufan<l fever vcffels^fitted° hundred and fevenry six, the respective bounties herein after out from mentioned shall be paid and allowed annually, for eleven years. Great Britain for a certain number of ships or vessels employed in the briti/b thenewfound ^^ie.ry on banks of Newfoundland, under the limitations and, land, fiftiery, teftridions herein after expressed 5 that is to say, such Vessels shall appear by their register to be British built, and owned by his majesty’s subjects residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man , and be of the burden of fifty tonnes or upwards, and navigated with not less than fifteen men each, three fourths of whom, besides the master, shall be Td o & ^ bis majesty’s subjects; and in other respects qualified, and fub gul*.°s. 11 to the same rules and restrictions, as are described by an

ad, made in the tenth and eleventh years of the feign of the late King ivittiam the third, (entitled. An act to encourage the trade to Newfoundlandj) and shall be fitted and cleared out from fopio

port

1775, ] Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 31.

port in Great Britain after the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and after that day in each succeeding year, and shall proceed to the banks of Newfoundland; and having catched a cargo of fish upon those banks, consisting of not less than ten thousand fish by tale, shall land the lame at one of the ports on the southern or eastern side of the island of Newfoundland, between Cape Ray and Cape de Gra$% on or before the fifteenth day of July in each year; and shall make one more trip at lead to the said banks, and return with another cargo of fish catched there to the same port; in which case, the twenty-five vessels first arriving at the said ifiand of Newfoundland from the banks thereof, with a cargo of fish catch” ed there, consisting of ten thousand fish by tale at the Jeast, and after landing the lame at one of the ports within the limits before mentioned in Newfoundland, shall proceed again to the said banks, and return to the said island with another cargo of fish,

shall be entitled to forty pounds each; and one hundred vessels which shall so arrive the next in order of time, on or before the said fifteenth day of July in each year, at the fiiid island, with a like cargo, and shall proceed again to the said banks, and return from thence in the manner herein before mentioned, shall be entitled to twenty pounds each; and one hundred other vessels which shall ib arrive the next in order of time, on or before the the said fifteenth day of July in each year, at the said island, with a like cargo, and shall proceed again to the fiiid banks, and return from thence in the manner herein before mentioned

shall be entitled to ten pounds each, upon the master or owner Certificates to of such velfers producing to the collector of his majesty’s cube produced ftotns at the port in Great Britain from whence such vessel was cleared out a certificate, under the hand and seal of the gover fri the go nor of Newfoundland, that the master of such vessel had produced vernor of to him a certificate under the hands of the collector and comp newfound troller of the customs at the port from whence such vessel wasland’fiof|*j® cleared out, testifying that such vessel was ddy qualified to probe.

ceed on such fishery, in pursuance of the before mentioned a A, 9

made in the tenth and eleventh years of King wilram the third; and that it has been made appear to his fatisfaaion, by a certificate under the hand and seal of the naval officer of the district in Newfoundland where such fish was landed, or where there is no naval officer, under the hand and seal of the commander of any of his majesty’s ships stationed there, or of such officer as the governor shall approve, specifying the time of such veffel’s arrival, in manner before directed, that such vessel was entitled by the priority and time of her arrival to one or other of the bounties therein mentioned, as the fall may be; and that the Mailers and master and mate of such vessel had made oatn before such naval 10 or other officer as aforesaid, that the number of fish taken on ma coat * the first trip amounted to ten thousand at least by tale, that he had made two trips at least, and that all the fish on both trips * were catched on the banks of Newfoundland; which certificate Certificates nd oath tbc said governor and naval or other officer as aforesaid j^d °a‘^t0

are g

58 Anno riecimo quinto georoii HI. C 31; [1775.

and adminif ate hereby empowered and required to grant and administer to tered without tj, e matter and mate of such vessel without fee or reward; and e upon delivering up the said certificate to such colietsor the re

cuftonn topay PVC bounties therein/mentioned shall be paid by such ccri that bounties out of any money remaining in his hands ariftngby the duties of customs or other fuhfidies upon foreign goods imported into this kingdom; and in case such collector shall not have Efficient money in his rfands to pay the fa id bounties, he shall certify the same to the commissioners of his majesty’s customs in England or Scotland refpc&ivtly, who are hereby authorised and required to order the same to bt paid by the receiver-general of the customs, out of any money in his hands arlfing by any of the duties and revenues under their management respectively.

Any part cf II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Newfound for the better accommodation of the persons belonging to veftels land not in use employed in the Newfoundland fi(hcryf it shall and may be lawful curin'^and or mt^crs and crews belonging to any veffejs fitted out and

drying fiul*” employed in that fishery in puriuance of this or any other ad, to occupy and use, for the purpose of curing, felting, drying, and huibanding their fish, any vacant or void (pace whatever on any part of Newfoundland which is not then occupied and used for the said fishery, without any let, disturbance, or hindershoe, from any perfen or persons whatsoever, although such unoccupied places may not before have bden reputed ships rooms; and all such unoccupied places shall from henceforth be deemed and taken to be ships rooms, any custom or usage to the contrary natwhhfisnding.

III And in order to induce his Majtjly's subjects in Great Britain and Ireland, and the islands of Guemley, Jersey, and Man, to carry on the whale fishery on the toajis (Newfoundland, and tbefeas ad jacenty be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several bounties hereafter mentioned shall be allowed annually, for eleven years, for five vessels employed in that fishery, under the limitations and reftri&ioos herein after expressed; that is to 'lay, such vessels shall appear by their regifier to be British built, and owned by his majesty’s subjects redding in Great Britain, Ireland or the ifiands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, and navigated with three fourths of his majesty’s subjects of Great Britain, Ireland, or the ifiands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Mm., besides the master, and shall be fitted and cleared out from same port in Great Britain or Ireland, or the ifiands of Guernsey, Jorfey% or Many after the first day of Januaryy one thousand seven hundred and fevehty LIX and after that day in each Succeeding year, and shall take and kill one whale at kaft in the Gulfb of Saint Lawn neey or on the coasts of Labradory Newfoundland, or in any Teas to the southward of the Greenland Teas and Davis Streightsy and shall return within the same year to same port m England matters and with the oil of such whale or whales so taken as aforesaid; and mater making on the master and mate of such vessel, and two of the mariners oath, 6tc. belonging to her, making oath before the follegtor and comp i qroller

What bounties are to be given to ships fitted out for the whale fishery.

1775*] Anno decimo quinto georgii III C 31. 59

troller of the cuftomsatthe port of her arrival (which oath they are hereby authorised and required to administer)) such oil is the produce of one or more whale or whales taken and killed by the crew then belonging to such Vefiel, mentioning the time when (he departed from Great Britain, Inland, or the islands of Guernjeyy Jtrfey, or Man, and from what port, and the time and place where such whale or whales was or were taken and kilied, such oil may be landed without payment of any duty whatsoever; and the collector and comptroller of such port shall thereupon forthwith transmit such oath to the commissiontrs of his majesty’s customs at London, any four or more of whom ire hereby authorised and required to order the receiver-general of his majesty’s customs to pay, out of any money in hie hands drifing by any duties under their management for the reftel which shall so arrive in each year with the greeted quantity of oil taken as aforesaid, five hundred pounds; for the vessel which shall in like manner arrive in the same year with the next greatest quantity of oft so taken as aforesaid, four hundred pounds \ for the vessel which shall in like manner arrive in the same year with the next greatest quantity of oil so taken as aforesaid three hundred pounds; for the vessel which shall in like manner arrive in the same year with the next greatest quantity of oil so taken as aforesaid two hundred pounds; end for the vessel yvhich shall so arrive in the same year with the next greatest quantity of oil so taken as aforesaid, one hundred pounds; the said oil foto be imported by each Of the said vessels being the

firoduce of one whale at the least 5 which said several and re Receiver ge pe&ive bounties shall be paid by such receiver-general, within maiefty’s cuf two months after the expiration of each year in which such tomstopay vessel dull arrive, to the owner or owners of such vessels foin the bounties titled thereto, or their assigns duly authorised to demand the same. *

IV And in order to obviate any doubts that have art fen, or may What perjbns arjfey to whom the privilege or right of drying fish on the/bores of jjj jjjjjjkj0 Newfoundland does or ball belong, under the before mentioned afiy Of drying mh made in the tenth and eleventh year of the reign of King William the on the banks Third, which right or privilege has hitherto enly been enjoyed by his Newfound majesty subjects of Great Britain, and the other Britifn dominions land in Europe; be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid.

That the said right and privilege shall not be held and enjoyed by any of his Majesty's fubiedts arriving at Newfoundland from any other country except from Great Britain, or one of the British dominions in Europe.;

V And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore Provisions, nd said. That it shall ana may be lawful for any of his majesty’s all necessary subjects residing in Ireland to ship and lade there and to trans forfiftiing.may port directly from thenge to Newfoundland, or to any part of America where the fishery is now or shall hereafter be carried And the Me of on, on board any ship or‘veflel which may lawfully trade or Man, to near (h there any provisions, and also any hooks, lines, netting, foimdund, or ot^er tools pir implements ncccfiary for and used in the fish 0rprocry

6o Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 3t. [1775,

or manu cry by the crews of the ships or vessels carrying out the lame, "tture" and the craft belonging to and employed by such ships or vessels in the said fishery, such provisions, hooks, lines, netting, or other tools or implements, being the product and manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland; and that it shall and may be lawful for any of his majesty’s fubiects, redding in the isle of Man., ia like manner to export directly from thence any of the articles herein before mentioned for the purpose aforesaid, such articles being the product or manufacture of Great Britain, or the said isle if Man, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Mailers of VI provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the

vessels to pro authority aforesaid. That the matter or other person taking cate from the carse such ship or vessel Qiall produce to the proper officer officer of cu,, the customs in the colony or plantation where he shall arrive ftoms, that thea certificate, under the hand and seal of the collector or other provisions, C principal officer of the customs in the port where he shall have d^a?&cprof out that th hath been made before him by the (hipper

Great Britain Arch provisions, hooks, lines, netting, or other tools and or Ireland, implements, that the same are of the product and manufacture of Great Britain or Irelandor the isle of Man respectively, as the fact may be, and that the several articles before mentioned, (except the provisions)) the quantities and particulars of each sort, are to be fifed in the fishery by the crews of the respective ship or vessel carrying out the same, and by the craft belonging to and to be employed by such ship or vessel in the said fishery, and for no other use or purpose whatsoever, (which oath and certificate such collector or other officer is hereby authorised and required to administer and grant without fee or On failure, tee.reward;) and on failure of producing such certificate, or if any the lhiptobe such hooks, lines, netting, tools ana implements, are used of disposed of for any other purpose, the same, and the ship or vessel having the same on board, shall be liable to be feiped and forfeited in the same manner as they would have been subject and liable if this act had not been made, anything herein contained to the contrary nbtwithftanding.

VII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of 'January, one thousand craftcarry.ng seven hundred and seventy six, all vessels fitted and cleared out thefifltara, to as fishing ships in pursuance of this act, or of the before menr be liable to any tioned ad, made in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of restraint as to the late King william the third, and which shall be actually time of work employed in the fishery there, or any boat or craft whatsoever employed in carrying coaltwife, to be landed or put on boar any ships or vessels, any fish, oil, salt provisions, or other oecef faries, for the use and purpose of that fishery, shall not be liable to any restraint or regulation with respect tp days or hours of working, nor to make any entry at the customhouse at Newfoundland, except a report to be made by the matter on his first arrival there, and at his clearing out from thence 5 and that a see not exceeding two fhilliogs and sixpence shall and may be

forfeited.

No (idling ships, or any

mg,

nor to make any entry at the custom house, C

1775-1 Anno dtcimo quirtto Gfionoti HI. c.jr. 6*

taken by the officers of the customs at Newfoundland for each such report; and that no other see shall be taken or demanded by any officer of the customs there, upon any other pretence whatsoever relative to the said fishery, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any^'p* ave such fishing ship or vessel shall at her last clearing out from laid island of Newfoundland have on board, or export any goods than fish ot or merchandise whatsoever, except fish, or oil made offish, such oil, C they ship or vessel, and the goods thereon laden, shall be fibjed and u.ndtr liable to the lame securities, restrictions, and regulations, in all ftri&oim, C respects, as they would have been subject and liable to if this * ad had not been made, anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding

Ana whereas by an al, made in the twenty-fifth year of tbe™- C * of King Charles the Second, ( intitulean act for the en 0ii°&".gt01* couragement of the Greenland and Eastland trades, and for theimported better securing the plantation trade,) by other ails of parlia duty free, ro mentit is lawful for any person or persons to import into England cited

train oil or blubber of Greenland, and parts adjacent, and thoje or Newfoundland, or of any other his colonies and

tations, made of fifl>, or of any other creature living in the and.

whale fins caught in any hips or vessels truly and belonging to

England or Wales, or town of Berwick upon T weed, and imported in such Ships, without paying any custom or duty for the, which

liberty, by a subsequent all of parliament, is extended belonging

to Great Britain and it is reasonable that the sane indulgence/botud be extended to oil and blubber of fi/h, and other endures living in the sea, and to whale fins caught in any part of the ocem by hips belonging to Great Britain, Ireland, and the c/guemfey, Jersey,

and Man; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, tn(jtfterg<pt> That from and after the first day of September, one thousand lt, 77j. ex seven hundred and seventy five, the liberty granted by the said tended to all act to import into this kingdom oil or blubber of fish, or other jwpsbdong creatures living in the sea, or whale fins taken within the LI ^^?ng£^ mils therein mentioned, duty free, shall extend, and beconftrued|a„d, Gucnw to extend, to such oil or blubber, or whale fins, as shall he fofey, tee. taken in any part of the ocean by, and imported in any ship or vessel truly and properly belonging to, his majesty’s subjects of Great Britain, Irelandor the islands of Guernfej, Jersey, or Man, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore ^sreff*

said. That from and after the first day of, one thou edfeal flrina

(and seven hundred and seventy five, it shall m.d.. may be lawful may be im for any person or persons to import into this kingdom any raw ported duty and undressed seal (kins taken and caught by the crews of vessels belonging to and fitted Out either from Great Britain, Ireland, or

the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Manrespectively, and whereof the captain or master and three fourths at tie lead of the mariners are his majesty’s subjects, or by perfais employed by the masters or owners of (ueb vessels, withou. paying any custom,

sob?

Good

said.

and duty entered at the

cuftqmhpufef

4c.

it Anno decimo quinto geo&gii III C 31. [1775.

fabfidy, or other duty for the same, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Not to extend XI Provided always. That nothing in this a shall attend, to any seal prbe construed to extend, to give liberty of importing any such shofeimpc?ted ^ ns duty free, unless the captain or person having the by ships quail charge or command of such ship or vessel importing the same tied asrafore shall make oath before the collector or other principal officer of the cuftons at the port of importation, fwho is hereby authorised and required to administer fudvoath,) that all the (kins imported in such ship or vessel were really and bona side the (kins of feels taken and caught by the crews thereof, or by persons employed by the mafia or owner of such ship or vessel, or of ibme other ship or vessel qualified as aforesaid; and such seal (kins (halt be also duly entered at the cufiomhoufe for the said port, and landed in the presence of the proper officer or officers of the customs appointed for that purpose; and on failure of any of thde conditions, such (kins shall be liable to pay the same duties at they would have been subject and liable to if this act had not been made, anything herein contained to the contrary not withftaoding.

XII And whereas it has been a practice of late years for diverse persons to educe the fijhermen, sailors, artificers, and others, employed in carrying on the fishery, arriving at Newfoundland, on board fijh ing and aether vrjfels from Great Britain, and the British dominions in Europe, to go from thence to the continentsf America, to the great detriment of the fishery and the naval force of this kingdom : now, in order to remedy the said evil, and to fccarc the return of the said fifherrocn, Tailors, artificers, and others, employed as aforesaid, to the British dominions in Europe, he it further ena& no (hipmaftcr ed by the authority aforesaid. That from and after the first to carry any day of January, dae thousand seven hundred and feveoty six, it fifcermt^&e. shall not be lawful for the matter, or person having the charge To juy pmof command of aky ship or vessel trading to or from any place the continent^within the government of Newfoundland, to carry or convey, as of America. paffengeivaay such fifherraen, sailors, artificers; and others, em '"uk ^ ploved, as aforesaid, from thenee to any part of the continent of undembe p dmeyca, without the permission under the hand and seal of the jialty of aoo 1. governor of the said island of Newfoundland, under the penalty of forfeiting two hundred pounds for every such offence.

* XIII And whereas in several efts, passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of a^uliatn the Third, the eighth of George the First, and the fecend ani twelfth of George the Second, provifton has been made to prevent fiamen and mariners in the merchant fervue being wilfully left beyotil sea, and to secure and provide for their return home to jucb part if his Majeftfs dominions whereto they belong; and whereas, for wait of such provisions being extended to seamen and fijhermen going act as pajfeogers to Newfoundland, and hired and employed in the filkries carried on there, great numbers of them remain in that country at the end of every fishing season, who would etberwife return home, and some of them have frequently turned rob bers and pirates; for Emedy of which evil, be it enacted say the

au

1775*] Anno decimo quinto georgh III C 63

authority aforesaid, That no person or persona whatibever flull, Regulation! r from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hua for Persons,, sndteveoty six, employ, or cause to be employed, at Ntuu orfi^crj fmndknd, for the purpose of carrying on the fishery there, any mcn at New. faman or fi/hermau going as pa/fcngers, or any seaman or fish foundland. ennaa hired there, without first entering into an agreement or coatrad in writing with every such seaman or filherman, declaring what wages inch seaman or fi/herman is to have, and the time for which he shall serve, which shall he signed by both parties; wherein it Stall be ttipulated (amongflt other things) that the person so hiring or employing shall be at liberty io northeast serve, retain, and deduct, and he is hereby authorised, retired, and directed, to reserve, retain, and deduct, out of the wages of every perlpn £0 hired or employed, ^ sum of money equal to the then current price of a man’s passage home, not exceeding forty (billings for each mao, which money such hirer or employer ftuli, at the end of each filling season, or at the expiration of the covenanted time of service of such lea man or fiftierman, pay, or cause to be paid, to the mailer of a padage or other ftup, who shall undertake or agree to carry such seaman or filherman home to the country whereto be belongs, and hall aho convey such Icaman or fiftierman td and on board such pa/tage or other hip

_ to

That no hirer or employer of any such fcaman or filherman pay to fisher <haq pay or advance, 'or cause to be paid or advaneed, seaman or filherman, an money, liquor, and goods, or either of wages, and the them, during the time he hall be in his service. more than one other half in half of the wages which hall at any time be due to him; but billy, cat such hirer or employer shall, and is hereby required and diced thh0cij[eretura ed, immediately at or upon the expiration of every such man's nome covenanted time of service, to pay either in money, or in good hills of exchange, payable either in Gnat Brijaia or be jbi, or in the country to which such seaman or fi/herman belongs, the full balance of his wages, except the money hereinbefore directed to be retained Cor his passage home; and it shall not be lawful for any such hirer dr employer to turn away or discharge any such seaman or filherman, except for wilful negiedl of duty, or other fufficientcause, before the expiration of his covenanted time of service;; in cafc the hirer or employer of Penalty on any such seaman or filherman shall refuse or negiedl to comply employers with any of the terms herein before mentioned, or shall other, £, to wife offend against thisadl, every such person so offending (lull comp ** forfeit and pay for every such offence, besides the balance that shall be due to such fcaman or filherman, the money herein before directed to be retained for his passage home, the sum of ten pounds, to the use of such peifon or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforefakl, If any difp*te That in all cases where disputes shall arifc concerning the wages

taxing the matters receipt tor tne paiiage money, wtuco receipt be oiallimme^iaiely thenenpoa deliver to such fcaman or fi (hermaa. XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

Anno decimo quinto geoftbll lit. C 3* t

of any such seaman or fiftermari; thfe hifefor employer shall bfc obliged to produce the contract or agreement in writing, hereinbefore directed to be entered into with every such seaman efr fhhertnan.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority afbrdaid. That all the fish and oil which shall be taken and made by the

oil liable to the person dr persons who shall hire or employ such seaman orfilh ot erman shall be subject and liable, in the nrft place, td the pay ment of the wages of every such seaman or fi(hcrmart.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority afofefaid.

Penalty on That in case any such seaman or fi(herman shall at any time (eamen or fish wilfully absent himself from his duty or employ, without the ^rmch leave and consent of his hirer or employer, or shall wilfully northeast

Jromtbdr em or rc^u^c t0 wor^ according to the true .intent and mean ployers within fach contract or agreement, he shall, for every day he shall out leave. so absent himself, or neglect or refuse to work as aforesaid, forfeit

two days pay to such hirer or employer; and if any such seaman or (ifherman shall wilfully absent himself from his said duty or employ for the space of nve days, without such leave as aforesaid, he shall be deemed a deserter, and shall forfeit to such hirar or employer all such wages as shall at the time of such desertion be due to him, (except so much as is herein before directed to be reserved and retained for the purpose of paying his passage home;) and it shall and may beriawful to and for the governdr of Newfoundland, or his furrogates, or the commiflary’of the vice admiralty court for the time being, or for any justice of the peace in Newfoundland, to issue his or their warrant or warrants to apprehend every such deserter, and on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses to. commit him to prison, there to remain until the next court of session which shall be held in pursuance of the commission of the said governor for the time being; and, if found guhry of the said offence at such session, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court of session, to order such deserter to be publicly whipped as a vagrant, and afterwards to be put on board a passage ship, in order to his being conveyed back to the country whereto he befongs.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Disputes, and That all disputes which shall arise concerning the wages of every all offences toor any such seaman or tifherman, and all offences which shall be be determined comtnitted by every hirer or employer of such seaman or fibre feffionc&c^ at man aga*mft this act, shall and may be inquired into, heard, ne*found and determined, and the penalties and forfeitures thereby inland, curred shall and may be recovered in the court of session hereinbefore

mentioned, or in the court of vice admiralty having junf "diction in the said island of Newfoundland.

Aft 6 Ann, XIX And? whereas by an act of parliament, faffed in the sixth refpc&ing fa? year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An act jors employed for the encouragement of the trade to America, it is, among other fh tr"&ng* enabled) That no mariner or other person who Shall serve on

America not bewdy or be retained to serve on board, any privateer, or trading liable to be Jhip or uj/el, tbatjb.ill be employed in any part of America, nor any

mariner

«4

prodace the contra.

Alt tidi and

*775*1 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 31.

«5

mariner or otbtr person being on Shore in any part thereof Jhatt be impressed, rt tiable to be impressed or taken away by any officer or officers of or be longing to any of her Majejlfs lips of war, impowercd by the lord high admiral, or any other person whatsoever, unlejs suck mariner.

jhau have before deserted from such Jbip of war: and whereas the said privilege or exemption so given by the said act to mariners serving on ships or vessels employed in any of the feasor ports of the continent of.

America or reading on Shore there, is prejudicial to the fijheries carried on by bis Majeflfs Jubjefts of Great Britain and Ireland and others his Majesty's dominions in Europe, and has proved an encouragement to mariners belonging thereto to desert in time of war, or at the appearance of a war to the British plantations on the said continent America; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the said clause, sofar as it relates to the exempting of mariners or other persons serving, or retained to serve, in any ship or vessel in the feasor ports of the continent of America or other. persons on shore there, from being impressed, be and the same, is hereby repealed.

XX And whereas the immoderate use of rum and other pints imported into Newfoundland from his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America has been found to be highly detrimental to the fijheries carried on there and it is therefore proper to endeavour to diminijb the tcnfumption thereof; be itena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That run®**c* lm* from and after the first day of January, one thousand seven hun sswfoundland dred and seventy six, there shall be paid in to his Majesty, his from America heirs and successors, for every gallon of rum, or other spirits, to pay a duty which shall be brought or imported into the island of Newfound P

land from any British colony or plantation on the continent of 8all0, u America the lum of one shilling sterling money of Great Britain; and the (ame shall be collected, recovered and paid, to the ^t^becoli^ amount of the value of which such nominal sum bears in Great ed^recowedi Britain and may be received and taken according to the pro and applied portion and value of five (billings and sixpence the ounce in silver; and the said duty hereby granted shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in the same manner and form, and by such rules, ways, and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, except in such cases where any alteration is made by this za* as any other duties payable to his Majesty upon goods imported into any British colony or plantation in America are raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, by any za or acts of parliament, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several dauses, powers, directions, penalties and forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act; and that all the moneys that shall arise by the said duty, (except the necessary pharges of raising collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the same,; shall be paid into the receipt of his majesty’s exchequer, and appliet^arid appropriated to the same uses and purposes as the duties arising by that part of the custom commonly called The Old Subsidy payable in Great Britain are applied and appropriated,

Vot. XXXI F. XXI And

66 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III c.31. [1775.

XXI And whereas the bounties given by an of parliament, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his entitled.

An act for the better support and eftablifhmerit of the Greenland and whale fisheries, have been found of great advantage to the

vigation, trade, and manafdilures of this kingdom; and it is just and

expedient that the like bounties which are granted by that ah to flaps fitted out from Great Britain, or any of his in

America, forthofe fijberiesshould, in like manner, be granted to ships

fitted out for tbatpurpofefrom the kingdom of Ireland; be it there after Dec. a j, fore enaaed by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the 'ranted aft twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fi*geo. j^fcventy five, the refpeltive bounties herein after mentioned hall tended to Ire be allowed for every ship or vessel Britifl built, and owned by his land. majesty’s fubjelts of Ireland, and whereof the captain or malter

and at lead one third of the mariners are his majesty’s fubjelts of Great Britain or Ireland, which shall proceed from any port in ' the said kingdom of Ireland within the time limited by this alt on the whale fishery to the Greenland seas, and davis’s Sir eights, and the adjacent leas, under the several rules and reftri&lons Officers to Mr herein after expressed; that is to say, Every such ship or vessel, tity that ships before (he proceeds 00 such voyage, shall be visited by the pro fittettout'se Per °®ccr or offices of the cuftosn belonging to such port, who' fore (hey ’pro examine into such ship or vessel, and take an account of the

ceed on their tonnage thereof by admeasurement, and shall certify such his or voyage. their visitation, examination, and admeasurement, to the cotn miflioners of his majesty’s revenue in Ireland; and if it appears by the certificate of rach officer or officers that (he hath on board such a number of men, provifiorts, boats, fishing lines, and instruments to be used in such fishery as herein after are mentioned; that (he is strongly built, and otherwise a proper ship for such voyage and fishery, and hath on board among her crew a sufficient number of harpooners, fteerfmen, and line managers, who have been before employed in such voyages, (the names of such persons to be contained in such certificate;) and if hfurther appears by the oath of one or more owner or owners, and dt the matter or chief officer of such ship, written at the foot of such certificate, arid made before the colleltor or comptroller of such port, (who are hereby empowered and required to administer the same,) that it is really and truly their firm purpose and determined resolution, that such ship shall, as fbon as licence shall be granted, forthwith proceed, so manned, fomished, and accoutred, on a voyage to the or davis’s Straights,

or the seas adjacent, and there in the then approaching season to use the utmost endeavours of themselves and their (hip’s company to take whales, or other creatures living in the sea, and on no other design or view of profit in such voyage, and to import the whale fins, oil, and blubber thereof, into the kingdom of Great Britain, (naming the port to which it is their intention to return;) and if the matter, after such certificate had, and oath made, do alfb bteome bound, with two sufficient fecuritres, unto his Majesty, his heirs and Tucceffors, - in the penalty of such (urn

a?

1775-} Anno decimo qainto geo*gii III C 3t, 6;

as (kail be equal to treble the bounty intended by this at, (which bond the said collector, with the approbation of the comptroller, is hereby required to take, and is to be in force for the term of three yean against the mailer and sureties for the faithful dealings at the said mailer and (hip’s company in regard to the said ship and voyage;) then, and in all such cases, it shall andmay Commissioners be lawful for any three or more of the said commissioners of the revenues in Ireland for the time being, on receiving such certifi receiving such cates and oaths made, and it being certified to them by the col certificate 10 fodar and comptroller of such port, that fufiicicnt security hath rant licence, been given as aforesaid, to give and grant, and they are hereby *c’ saquimd to give and grant to the mailer and owners of such ship,

(nil liceocoand authority to proceed on such voyage as aforesaid,

XX1L And t prevent any disputes that may arijtwhether a he properly qualified and duly fitted eut far the whale S,,

to the true intent and meaning of this ally and entitled to a certificate thereof thorn the tufiom house officers, it is hereby enabled. That What number every ship of the burden of two hundred tonnes, designed for this of en *»"«»* fifivwy, shall and is hereby obliged to have on board forty (idling ermine di lines of one hundred and twenty fathom each, forty harpoon ^enaoni (frail icons, four boats with Given men, including a harpooner, a have pa board. " fofrinua, and a lino manager, to each boat, making in the whole twenty-eight men betides the mailer and fungeon, with six months provision at the lead for such number of men; sadt every ship of larger burden an incrcaft of six men, onp boat, ten such lines and ten harpoon irons more, for every fifty tans shove the said two hundred tonnes, togethefwith provision in proportion; and every ship which shall be (b employed in the said fishery shall have on board an apprentice indentured for the fpece of three years, at the lead, for eyery fifty tonnes burden, who shall be accounted as one of the number of men required to be on board such ship as aforesaid.

XXIII And be it fiyther enacted by the authority aforesaid. On return of That on the return of such ship to the port to which the under Wp, proper and mate declared on oath their intention to return, the proper officers of the cudoms at such port shall immediately repair on infpe& the board, and view the condition of such ship and her. lacting, and cargo, certify the same, together with their observation thereon, as alfb of the real tonnage of the said ship; and the said officers are aj and take an foto take an account or schedule of the names of the mader, *ccount tfa* mate, and other personson board, didinguifhing therein the hr!

harpooners and persons more immediately employed in the said poppers', C (Uhery, and to certify the same; and the mader and mate shall make oath before the colledlor and comptroller, (who are hereby im powered and required to adminider the same,) on the back of, or annexed to the licence granted as aforesaid, which they are hereby then required to deliver up, that they did in purfuancq thereof, mentioning the day of their departure, proceed on a voyage directly to the places aforesaid, and have not fine been on any other voyage, or pursued any other design or view of profit; and that they did there (mentioning the time of their

Fa day

<>8 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III c.31. [1775.

stay in those seas) ufc the utmost endeavour of themselves and their (hip’s company to take whales, and other creatures living in those seas; and that all the whale fins, oil, and blubber, imported (if any) in such ship, was really and bona side caught and. taken in the said seas by the crew of such ship only, or with the

assistance of the crew of some pther ship duly licensed for that voyage, pursuant to the directions of this act; all which ichedule, certificate, licence, and oath, shall be transmitted by the collector and comptroller of such port to the respective commissioners of the customs for that part of Great Britain where such ships shall bd^radsfi^d arr*vc> an such commissioners being fully satisfied of the faith' of the fahhful dealings of the matter and other persons employed in such dealings of the ships witi\refpc& to such voyage and fittiery, shall, on demand, master, C to cause payment to be made to the matter or owners, or to his or tfea as diraft" t*icir a®sns? receiver-general of the customs for that part

ed, according Great Britain where such ship shall arrive, the bounty or pre so the admea mium following, according to the admeasurement of such ship furementof duly certified as aforesaid; (that is to say,) For every such ship tuc ships. as procce(i on the said fishery, from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thoofand seven hundred and seventy five, to the twenty-fifth day of December, one thopfand seven hundred and feventv six, the film of forty (billings per tonne; and for every such (nip as shall proceed on the said fishery from the twenty' fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, to the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, the sum of thirty (billings per tonne; and for every such (nip as shall proceed on the said fishery from the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, to the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand even hundred and eighty six, the sum of twenty (billings per tonne.

Certain provi XXIV Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by foes respecting the authority aforesaid, Tnat no person or persons shall be allow ships before ctj or entitled to receive the bounty herein before granted, for foutsedto the any ip which shall proceed on.the said whale fishery after the bounty., twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, unless such ship shall (ail from the port where (he ' hall be surveyed, and cleared directly on her intended fishery, on or before the tenth day of April in each and every year, and shall continue with her crew in the Greenland feasor davis’s Straights, or the adjacent seas, diligently endeavouring to catch whales, or other creatures living in those seas, and shall not depart from thence before the tenth day of August then following, unless such hip shall be laden with the blubber and sins of one whale, caught by the crew thereof, or with the assistance of the crew of some other licensed ship, before that time, or shall be forced by (bme unavoidable accident or neceftity ro depart sooner from those seas; which accident or necessity shall be verified on the oaths of the matter and mate belonging to such ship, upon her return from the said fi(hery, before the collector and comptroller of thecuftoms at the port where (he shall arrive, who (hal

trans

1775.] Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 31. 69

transmit the same, together with the schedule, licence, and other documents by this act required, to the refpeciive commissioners of the customs for that part of Great Britain where (he shall arrive.

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. If moneys aris that it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissionersofhjg from the the customs in England and Scotland respectively to order the re not fuffidcnt fpective receivers general of the customs, in case the moneys re ^ boun. maining in their hands arising from the old subsidy shall not be ties, any other sufficient at any time or times, during the continuance of this revenuemoney act, to satisfy the said bounty of forty (billings per tonne, and thirty b.c.. taken (billings per tonne, and twenty (billings per tonne, during the several

periods herein before limited, payable on all ships employed in the said fishery, according to the directions of this present act, to pay the same out of any money that shall be in their hands arising from any of the duties and revenues under their management respectively.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commiflibn that the commissioners of his majesty’s customs in England and CC tb Scotland refpcdively shall, at the beginning of every session of fic^ifmonof parliament, lay before both houses of parliament an account in parliament, to writing, under their hands, of what number of ships employed lay before

in the whale fishery to Davits Straights and the Greenland seas, them anf a5‘ in pursuance of this act, with their respective names and burr mps^mp'loy thens, have returned to Great Britain, and at what port in Great ed inthel»'hale Britain they were discharged, and also what quantity of oil, blub fishery, cher, or whale fins, each ship shall have imported, and from what port in Ireland or the isle of Man they were fitted out:

. XXVII And whereas it hath been found by experience, that lips under the burden of two hundred tonnes are fit for the said fijbery\ be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That Ships under every owner or owners of any ship or ships under the burden tonnes inti of two hundred tonnes, which shall be employed in the said fiftiery, fy proporrionl who have conformed themselves in all respects to the rules and abie to their * directions herein before prescribed to the owners of ships of two admeafurc hundred tonnes, shall be entitled to the said bounty, as herein be mcnt* sore limited, according to the admeasurement of such ship or ships respectively,

XXVIII Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority sh*l* above aforesaid. That no ship to be employed in the said fishery, ml

though (he be above the burden of four hundred tonnes, shall be larger bounty entitled to a larger bounty than a ship of four hundred tonnes would than a 400 tonne be entitled to. flripj

XXIX Provided also, That nothing in this present act con and owners tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to oblige the owner not obliged to or owners of any ship above the burden of four hundred tonnes, c

in order to entitle him or them to the said bounty, to sit equip, and man, any such ship, otherwise than as a ship of the tonnes, burden of four hundred tonnes only is, by this present act, required to be fitted out, equipped, and manned.

XXX Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the

f3 mu

Afino decimo qulftto georgii tit. C 31. 74*

Nt appftfl atrthority aforesaid, That every apprentice'indcntured after the ticc, when in twenty-fifth day of Detimber, one thousand seven hundred and exceed t0 fcrve on board any ship or vessel proceeding on

be under i die fi^ries in pursuance of this or any other act of parliament yean now in force, granting any bounty or bounties thereon, shall not exceed the age of eighteen years, nor be under fourteen, at the and no bounty time he shall be so indentured; a, nd that no bounty shall be alto be paid un lowed or paid for any ship or vessel so employed, either by virtue left ships era of th; s 0r any former act of parliament, unless the whole and jo^meof0^ cnt*rc property of such ship or vessel shall belong to some of his iv!ajeay's fob majeftvs subjects residing in that part of his majesty’s domi jefb where nions from whence such ship or vessel shall be respectively fitted

fitted out and cleared out, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not

wirhftanding.

XXX r. And to prevent any application to parliament for the bounty on any Jbip employed in either of the fijberies before mentioned which may hapten to be lojl at sea before their return to Great bri botmtfhwiay tain, be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That be injured, it shall and may be lawful for the owner or, owners of any (hipi employed, or designed to be employed, in the said fisheries, or either of them, to insure the bounty which such pwner or owners would have been entitled to upon the return of such ship to Great Britain on the performance of all other matters directed add appointed by this present act to be performed for obtaining the said bounties.

XXXIL And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Persons gwfog aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall give or grant any fife ceriifi false certificate for any of the purposes required or directed by forfeit 5©ol° such person or persons shall forfeit the sum of five hun

5 dred pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office whatsoever; and if any person or persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify, any certificate required or directed by this act, or shall knowingly or Willingly make use of any false certificate, or of any certificate so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred sounds 2 and every such certificate shall be invalid, and of no effect.

XXXIII And it is hereby further enacted by, the authority

Forfeftttits aforesaid. That one moiety of the penalties and forfeitures inbow to be ap Aided by this act (except in such cases where other direftiom plied. ^ e gjvcn by this at) shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs

and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers C the customs as fhafll sue or prosecute for the same m any of bis majesty’s courts of record at tvejlminfter or Dublin, or in thfe court of exchequer in Scotland, or in any court of admiralty hav jug jurisdiction in his majesty’s colonies or islands rcfpeaivdy* where the offence shall be committed.

XXXIV And be h further enacted by the authority afore ^at^’ hat fr°m an ater day of January, one thousand

found!illdro ^ven hundred and seventy six, the penalties and forfeitures enlisted

1775*1 Anno decimo quinto Georgii ul.c.$i. yt

Aided by any act of parliament relating to the trade or revenues be seed form of the briti/b colonies or plantations in America, which shall incurred in the said island of Newfoundland, shall be sued for, sold island.1 prosecuted, and recovered, in the coart of vice admiralty having jurildi&ion in the said island, and in no other; and if any person Persons ag or persons shall think him or themselves aggrieved by any judge she tnent, sentence, or determination of any court of vice admiralty, prspjr admk or other court having jurisdiction in Newfoundland, upon any fuitralty court in or profecutkm commenced there for any penalty or forfeiture 5n Britain. Aided by any act of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of thebriti/h colonies or plantations in America, if shall and may be lawful for such party to appeal from such judgement, sentence, or determination, in the first instance, to the proper court of admiralty in Oreat Britain, or to his Majesty in chuneil; and that no appeal shall in such case lie or be brought in any other court or juriididion whatibever, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Duties on aforesaid, That from and after the first day of "January, one thou £?°ds. exp°|*i sand seven hundred and seventy six, the customs and other du ^^^ertbe ties which now are or hereafter may be due and payable upon direction of the any goods ortnerchandifes brought or imported into, or export commissioners edor carried from, the island of Newfoundland, by virtue of this ofcuttoms*5cc* or any ad or acts of parliament, and the officers of his majesty’s

customs appointed for executing and carrying into execution the several laws relating to the trade and revenue there, shall be under the management and direction of the commiflloners of his majesty’s customs in England for the time being, under the authority and direction of the high treasurer of Great Britain, or the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, any law, patent, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted depiitjt|?nrh by the authority aforesaid, That all deputations and other auf ^mtftoners thorities granted by the commissioners of the customs for North for North A america, before the said first day of'january, one thousand seven menca before hundred and seventy six, to any officer or officers acting in and Jan i^i776, f^ for the said island of Newfoundland shall continue in force, as n^wfoumhand fully to all intents and purposes as if this act had not been made, to be in force, until the deputations or other authorities so granted to such officer or officers respectively shall be revoked, annulied, or made

void by the high treasurer of Great Britain, or commissioners of the treasury for the time being.

XXXVII And be it further enacted by the authority afore Persons sued said. That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any ^ any thin person or persons for anything done in pursuance of this a parliament, the defendant or defendants in such action or fuitaa my plead may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special the general if.

. in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fut same was done in pursuance of and by the authority of this act: ^

and if it shall appear foto have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be non'

'suited

and recover treble coftr.

Preamble. A 31 Eli against creeling of cottages,

is by this act ’ repealed.

Preamble. Ail a Geo. i t cited.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III c.32, 33; [l775*

faited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon anyverdift or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as defendants have in other cases by law,

CAP. XXXII

An act to repeal an act, passed in the thirty first year of the reign of her majesty jgueen Elizabeth, (entitled, An act against the erecting and maintaining of cottages.j

WH E R E A S an act was passed in the thirty first year of the reign of her majesty §>ueen Elizabeth, (entitled, An act against the ereftingand maintaining of cottages:) and whereat the Idid aft hat laid the induftriout poor under great difficulties to procure habitations, tends very much to lejfen population, and in divert other refpeftt hat been found inconvenient to the labouring part of the nation in general; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may bt enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftetn bled, and by the authority of the same. That the said act shall be and the same is hereby repealed,

*. CAP. XXXIII

An act fit settling Buckingham House with the appurtenances upon the ®ueen, in case jhejhallfurvive hit Majesty, in lieu of hit Majesty's palace of Somerset House; for enabling the lords commijjion ers of his Majesty* s treasury to Jell and dispose of Ely House in Hoi born, and sir applying the money to arise by file thereof, iogt there with other moneys, in ereftwg and ejlablijhing public offices in Somerset House, and Jor embanking certain parts of the river Thames lying tvithin the bounds of the manor of the Savoy, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WH E REAS by virtue of an act, made in the fecondyear of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for enabling his Majesty to make provision for supporting the royal dignity of the Queen, in case (he shall survive his Majesty; and by cer- iain letters patent or indenture under the great seal of Great Britain, granted and executed in pur fiance thereof, bearing date the second day of June, in the J'econdyear of his Majesty's reign, all that his maje jly palace or capital mejfiage, called Denmark House, otherwise Somerset House, otherwise Strand House, with all its rights, members and appurtenances wkatsoever, were, among other things, for the better accommodation of her Majesty, in case Jhe Should survive his Majesty, limited to the use of his Majesty during his life, and after the deceoft of his Majesty, in case her Majesty Should him survive, then to the u fe of certain trustee: therein named, and their heirs, during the life of her Majesty, upon trujl, to permit her Majesty to hold and in

73

1775*3 Aimo decimo quinto Georgii III C 33.

joy tbi same during her Majesty's life, and from and after the decease of her Majesty, to the use of the same trufieesfor and during the term of one year from and immediately after her Majesty's deceaje, upon trujt, for thefoie benefit and behoofof her Majesty's executors, administrators, and ajsigns, during the same term, with remainder to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccejfors: and whereas his Majesty, since his accefiion to the imperial crown of these realm, hath purchajed, with his own proper money, a capital mejfuage, heretofore commonly collect or known by the name of Buckingham House, and also certain lands and tenements thereunto belonging or adjoining, and hath also added to the same part of the ground commonly called or known by the name of The Green Park, which is now used and enjoyed as pars of the garden of the said capital mejfuage called Buckingham House: and whereas the foetid house heretofore called Buckingham House, with its appurtenances, in which his Majesty now resides, would, in refpefl of its fixation, as well as in every other tefpest, afford a much more suitable and commodious place of residence for the Queen, in case Jbe Shall fur vxve his Majesty, than Somerset House, and his Majesty is mofi gra ciouflj pleased and desirous that the said capital mejfuage, called Buckingham House, and other the premises which are now laid to and enjoyed therewith, jbau be vefied in or settled in trufi for her Majesty, her executors and adminifirotors, for the like efiates and interejls, which her Majesty, her executors and adminifirators, can or may have or claim in and to Somerset House aforesaid, by virtue of thejaid recited act, and letters patent or indenture, or either of them, and her Majesty is also willing and desirous to accept the same in lieu thereof: and whereas the said palace of Somerset House may, with great pubrtk advant

nts for holding and ttanf ces herein

pleased to consent, that the m M m ^, it therefore enabled, oretained,

and established, by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and ^rith the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflsembled, and by the authority of the same. That the said recited al, and All letter pa all letters patent, and all and eveiy indenture and indentures un jjherebc so der the great seal of Great Britain made in pursuance thereof, merfet ouse and all gifts, grants, settlements, and assurances, whereby the is granted to said palace or capital message, commonly called Somerset House, her majesty.by and all or any of its rights, members, and appurtenances, arcjj^^rc* given, granted, or veiled for or in trull for her Majesty, shall be ** and the same are hereby refpedtfvcly repealed, annulied, and made void, with refpcdl to the said premises only, and in no other respect whatsoever.

II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That Buckingham all that his majesty’s house, commonly called or known by the t11*} name of Buckingham House, late in the tenure or occupation sir Charles Sheffield baronet, his assigns or under tenants, with all ed in trustees, its rights, members, and appurtenances, and all and singular to the nfe of mefiuages, tenements, houses, outhouses, coach houses, stables, edifices, buildings, courts, yards, gardens, and appurtenances C

what

d by

74

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III g33. [17^5.

whatsoever, to the same and other the premises, or any of them belonging or appertaining, or accepted, reputed, taken, used, or enjoyed, as part, pareel, or member thereof, and all that piece or parcel of pasture ground or park, formerly called'or known by the name of Goring Great Garden, and afterwards called or knoyrn by the name of Buckingham Parky or by whatsoever name or names the same hath lately or is now called or known, and, also all those pieces or parcels of ground abutting or adjoining to the said premises, or any of them, late in the several tenures or occupations of Alexander Gardener, Helen Rumboldy William sif raeby George qlkinsy or any of them, all which said premises, as well freehold as leasehold, were heretofore situate, lying and being in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, but now are situate, lying and being in the parish of Saint George Hanover Square in the county of Miidlefexy and also all such other mefiuages, closes, wood grounds, walks, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whatsoever, which now are used with the said premises, or any part of them, together with all rights, privileges, exemptions, ways, paths, passages, easements, and free liberty of ingress and egress, held, used, and enjoyed therewith by his Majesty, shall be, and the same are hereby veiled in the right honourable Henry earl of Suffolk and Berkjhirey the right honourable William Henry earl of Rochfordy the right honourable William earl of dart mouthy his jtfajefty’s three principal fecrctaries of (late, and the right honourable Frederick North commonly called Lori North first lord comraiffioner of his Majesty s treasury, and chancellor and under treasurer of his majesty’s exchequer, and their heirs, to the use of his Majesty during his life, and after the decease of his Majesty, in case her Majesty shall him survive, then to the use of her Majesty and her assigns, during the term of her Ma jests natural life, and from and after the decease of her Majesty, to the use, intent, and purpose, that the executors, administrators, and assigns, of her Majesty shall and may have, hold and enjoy, the said palace, or capital meftuage, called Buckingham Houfiy with the appurtenances, for and during the term of one whole year, to commence and take effect from and immediately after the decease of her Majesty; and front and immediately after the end and determination of the said term of one year, then to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, notwithstanding any restraint or other matter or thing contained in an ac1, made in the first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne inane! the said tituled. An atl for the better support of her Majeflfs household and house to be the honour and dignity of the crown; and the said capital mefliiagct cam«d The heretofore called Buckingham Houfey shall be accepted in law Pdace.* deemed, reputed, and called the Queen's Royal Palace.

III And whereas his Majesty haw laid out and expended a const derable sum of money in the purebafe and improvement of the said capital meffuagey heretofore called Buckingham House, and other the premijes thereunto belonging in conftderation whereof '* as also for and in conftderation of his Majesty s consenting to convert and configte the said palace or capital meffuagey called Somerset House, for the

uses

Anno decimo quinto gfiorgii III C 33. 7£

ujeshrein aftermentioned, be it further enacted by the authority »oo, oool.

aiforesaid, That out of all or any the revenues arisen or to arise

within the receipt and government of all or any of the several ^n'fideration*

officers of the revenue, whose offices are erected and established, expressed in

or are to be erected and established by virtue of this act, there thu aft.

shah and may be paid, iftued, and applied, any Turn or sums of

msney, not exceeding the sum of one hundred thousand pounds,

Jt such time and times, and in such proportions respectively, as tilt lords commissioners of his majesty’s treasury now or for the time being, or any three of them, or his majesty’s lord high treasurer for the time being, shall direct, limit, or appoint, who ate hereby authorised to issue their warrants for that purpose to such petfon and persons as his Majesty shall, by warrant or war nnts under his royal sign manual in that behalf, authorise and. empower to receive the same, to and for the use of his Majesty.

IV And whereas it may be found necessary to the laying out the (rind offices to be efablijbed in hii majesty’spalace and capital

wffeage called Somerset House, and rendering the same convenient micompleat, that several pieces of ground in and adjacent to the of the said palace or capital mejfuage Should be fet out and allotted for

theft purposes, and that likewise same buildings should be pulled down end removed, and other buildings added thereto; be it therefore cn afied by the authority afaresaid, That it shall and may be lawful eom' to and for the lords commissioners of his majesty’s treasury, or any three of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, treat or aeon. on behalf of his Majesty, hit heirs and fooceftors, from time to trait for the time, and all fifties hereafter, to treat, contract, and agree, for the purchase of absolute' purchase, sale, release, or surrender, of any estate or message, iotereft in any tnef&nges, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purposes afaresaid, with the owner or owners, lessee or lefleet, of such refy>ective estate and estates, for such sum or sums of money, or upon such other terms and conditions as the said commifiemers, or any three of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, 'shah think fitting and that upon the exe *"<* to pay the coring sud contracts or agreements, by or on the behalf of such je^to the omtee at owners as afaresaid, or upon executing such convey owner, See. ibctf, alignments, ivleases, or fnrrcnders, as on such contra or eoairacb (halt be agreed cm for that purpose, it shall and may be lawful Id and far the said commissioners of the treasury, or any thtfedf them, or to and for the lord high treasurer for the time beihg, and he and they are and is hereby empowered to order mdffireathe payment of such sum and sums of money, from thm time, as shah be so contracted and agreed on for such psntnffe or purebases, to such person or persons as, according to the terms f such contracts or agreements shall be entitled to hwetmd receive the same.

Y. And be ft further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Afterpayment horn and immediately after fach payment of the purchase mo of the pur neyto the person or persons so entitled to receive the same, as&c thefcveril sforefiid.or if no agreement shall be made, on making such fa meftuages, C tisfaftion asbercin after is mentioned, the several messuages, vetted mbi*

u lands, Majesty.

y6 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 33. [1775.

lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in such contrasts, agreements, and conveyances, mentioned and comprised, or intended foto be, together with all rights, members, and appurtenances whatsoever to the same, or any part thereof belonging, and usually held and enjoyed therewith, shall be, and the (aige are hereby declared to be, from time to time, unalienably vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the purposes of this act.

Bodies polivi. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law tick, C im fu] to ancj for a]j bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, coipo treat with die ratons aggrega*c or foie, trustees and feoffees in trust, guardians commissioners. and committees for lunatics and idiots, executors, admioiftra tors, and guardians whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, but also for and on behalf of their ceftuique trulls, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots femes covert, or other persons whatsoever, and to and for all femes covert who are or shall be seized in their own right, and to and for all and every person and persons whomsoever who are or shall be seized or possessed of of interested in any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be necessary to be purchased for any of the purposes of this act, to (ill and convey all or any such lands, tenements, hereditaments, estates, and interests, or any part thereof, to the commissioners of his majcfty’s treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being; and that all contrasts, agreements, bargains. Tales, and conveyances, which shall be made by such bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate, trustees, and other persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in law to all intents and purposes, not only to convey the effate and intereff of the bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate, trustees, and other person and persons conveying, but also to convey all, right, estate, interest, use, property, claim, and demand whatsoever,

of their several and respective ceftuique trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim, by, from, or under them; any law, statute, usage, or any other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwiihstanding: and all such bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate, trustees, and other persons so conveying as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this act, notwithstanding any on|iflion If any person, or mistake in matter of form whatsoever: and if it shall happen body poli that any person or persons, bodies politic, corporate or coile tick, re gi^te, or other person.or persons, seized or possessed or interested fujc to treat, m any fucj1 jancjs) tenements, or hereditaments, as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree, or will not agree for the sale and conveyance of their respective estates, terms, or interests therein, or by reason of absence or disability cannot or do not agree, or there shall be no person or persons in being who, as trustee or otherwise under the powers of this act, can agree with the commissioners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, or

with

*775*3 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 33. 77

with any person or persons by him or them in this behalf authors led and appointed, or shall not produce or evince a dear title to the premises they are in possession of, or to the term or interest they claim, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the 'treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, or of the person or persons by them (o authorised or appointed; then, and notice to be.

TO every such case, in order to settle and ascertain the value f price ov the ’ fitch estate or estates, and of any present interests or interest, premises will, term or terms of years, or other right or property of such person oe settled by a or persons, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more per i0I7* ftto or persons, to be appointed for that purpose by his Majesty,

Itis heirs or fuccefiors, under his or their (ign manual, and such person or persons is or are hereby authorised, thirty days at the lost before any general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the city and liberty of to give, or cause to be

mvcn, to niche rcfpeftive owner or owners, or to be left at their oft places of abode respectively, a notice in writing, describing (he said premises, and purporting that the price or consideration of the said premises will be adjuued and settled by a jury at the fitid sessions; and the justices, at their said sessions, upon proof Just, ^e’>on to them made of such notice or notices given, shall, and they t^giveimo are hereby authorised and required, out of the persons summon summon a CD impannelied, and returned to serve on the jury at the said jury, sessions, to cause a jury of twelve persons to be drawn by some persons to be by the same court appointed, in such manner as juries for the trial of ifliies joined in his majesty’s courts at fptftmnjltr, by an act, made in the third year of the reign of his late'majesty, entitled. An aq for the regulation of, are directed to be drawn; and all parties concerned shall have £aryl"1f, n maj their lawful challenges against any of the said jurymen, but shall botnot the ’ not be at liberty to challenge the array; and the said justices array, are hereby authorised and empowered, by precept or precepts, witnefle* may from time to time, as occasion shall require, to call before them examined, all and every person and persons whomsoever who shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as witnesses before. them on their oath or oaths concerning the premises; and the fold justices, if they think (it, shall and may likewise authorise the said jury to view the place or places in question in such manner as they shall direst; and the said justices shall have power to command such jury, witnesses, and party, to attend until all such affairs for which such jury was impannelled shall he coneluded; and the said jury, upon their oath, (which oaths, j»ry> on their as aho the oaths to such person or persons as shall be called up oath, to afleit On to give evidence, the said justices are hereby empowered and every c*rlon « required to administer)) inquire of the value of such mef estate, fudges, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and of the value df the respective estate and interest of every person seized or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any part thereof, and shall assess and Sward the sum or sums to be paid to every such person or persons for the purchase of such their estates,

terms,, and interests; and the said justices shall give judgement nd jufticet10

f0, *>ve jiuise.

'

78 Anno decimo quinta geojigii IK. C f 17751

ment thereqn, for such sum and foms of money foto be *fie(fed, which Cud fiiu?u fliau ** or verdirfts, and the said judgement thereupon, Hull be

na * binding and condufive to all intents and purposes against U and

every person or persons whomsoever.

Afterpayment VII And be it further enacted, That upon payment of fccb alalwed ever um an sums of money foto be awarded or adjudged, the per * persontomake son or persons to whom the same shall be so awarded, for the legal convey purchase of the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or foe ances to the the purchase of any estate, term, or interest therein, shall ottkfl and execute, or cause and procure to be made and executed, ry, See. * good, valid, and legal conveyances, alignments, aadafiurances, in the law, to the commissioners of his Majesty's trmfciry, ti lord high treasurer for the time being, or to fiach person or persont as he or they (tell order, dire, or appoint, of the (hid lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of such estate, term, or interest - which such sum or sums of money thail be so awarded, and shall procure all neceftary parties to execute such conveyance, alignments, and assurances, and shall dp all as, matter and things necessary and requisite to make a good, clear, and perfca title, to the comouffioners of hin majesty’s wcafury, or tbrlond high treasurer lor the tint being, or the person or persons foto be appointed by him or them, as aforefoid; and Inch convey ancet, assignments, and aairancea, flail contain all rmfonilfls and ufoal oonaaits, as on the part of the commiffioaecaef his majesty’s trcafiiry, or ford high treasurer for the timet being, or of the person or persona to bo appointed by him or them, as In case persons aforefoid, shall be reafonahly required: and in call fitch person ptr^mis» to "hom fitch him or sums fttau be so awarded, as the premiies, aforefoid, (had not be able to evince their title to the premises, See. the money or lhau refute foto do, being thereto required, or such font or aiftfcd to be sums so affefifed or awarded as aforefoid, being tendered to be bank, nt *** to i r to whom the same shall have been ™ * awarded, shall be refused; or in case such person or persons, to

whom such sum and sums of money shall be so awarded, cannot be found within the liberty of ivejlminfler aforesaid; or in case, by reason of disputes depending in any court of law or equity, or for any other cause, it shall not appear what person or persons is or are entitled to the premises in question; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices, at any general quarter sessions to be held for the city and liberty of fvefiminjier aforefoid, to order the foid sum and sums to be af fetfed and awarded as aforesaid, as and for the value of and pur chase money for the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments* to be paid into the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the accountant general of the high court of chancery, to be placed to his account, to the credit of the parties interested in such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of so many of them as shall be then in ejfe, describing them, fubie& to the order, control, and disposition of the said court of chancery, which said court of chancery, on the application of any person or persons making claim to such sum by motion or petition,

<h*{l

79

1775*3 Anno dccitno quinto gborgh III c.33.

(hah bi and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of pro -- cecding, or otherwise, as to the said court shall feern meet, to older the distribution of, according to the refpe<£h ve estates or estate, title or interest, of the person or persons making claim thereunto, of, in, or to such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be unde appear to and to be declared by the said court, and according to the value thereof assessed as aforesaid, and to make fodi other order in the said pretnifes as to the said court shall licem just and reasonable.

VIII And be it further enabled. That immediately from and After Aach after such verdict, judgement, and order of the said court of’*™^*^0 fdfions, and payment into the bank, a9 aforesaid, all the estate, the bank; ' right, title, term, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and de land, &c.ve(t aand, in lawt and eqflity, of the person or persons for whose use e the com‘ fecb money shall be paid in, to, and out or the said lands, tene nu “, oacrt* ments, hereditaments, and pretnifes, shall be transferred to and veiled in (he lords commissioners of his majesty’s treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, for thepurpofes here in after mentioned, and he and they shall be and be deemed in law to be thenceforth in the aaual seisin and possession thereof to ao intents and purpqfes, as fully and effectually as ff every person, having any estate in the pretnifes, had actually conveyed foe same to them by lease aad release, bargain and ule inroli ed, feoffment with livery and seisin, fine and recovery, assign aoft, or any other legal conveyance whatsoever; and such payment shall extend to and be deemed and eonftrued to bar the dower and dower of the wife, and wives of such person and per (sns, and alleftates tail, in reversion or remainder, as effectually » a fine or recovery, or either of them, would do, if levied or (offered by the proper parties in due formof law; and the lords * commissioners of his majesty’s treasury, or the lord high trea (brer for the time being, or other person or persons to whom the feid pretnifes shall by the commissioners of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, be ordered or appointed to be conveyed as aforesaid, shall be quieted in the seisin and possession of the lands, tenements, ana hereditaments, for which hth money shall be (b paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answer able or accountable in any court of law or equity for the said money any otherwise than according to the tenor, purport, and true meaning of this act.

IX And be it further enacted, That in case any femes covert If femei coit of shall be seized in fee simple, or in tail general or special, or^7ee^mple for life; or for any lesser interest of any inch lands, tenements, tj, e purchase and hereditaments, foto be purchased as aforesaid, to her fepa money to be fate use; foee from the control or intermeddling of her husband, reinvefted in jheporchafe money arising from the falc of such estate, term, or otherlaods interest, of such same covert, on the conveyance of such estate, 0 term, or Interest, to the commissioners of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, or other person or persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be paid to such person or per (oqj as file ftfall by writing under her hand nominate tq receive

the

80 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 33. £1775.

the lame, in trull, to be reinveaed in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled for such uses, ellate, and interell, as the said same covert had in the premises so purchased as aforesaid.

Purchase mox. And be it further enacted, That in case any meltuages, ncy for lands, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be purchased mitatbnto be orte purp°^es contained in this act, shall be so settled, or Hand paid into the limited by way of legal limitation, as that the person or persons bank, in polsession thereof shall not be entitled to an ellate of inheritance

therein, although the said meltuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, be not veiled in any trullee or trustees, th*n the purchase money arising from the say of such ellate shall be paid into the bank, in the name and with the privity of the accountant and applied to general of the said court of chancery, upon trull, to be reinvell purchjie lands ccj# by and with the approbation of the said court of chancery, l|ukeufes°ashc t0 %n*he(* by an order or orders, upon motion in open those purchase court, or petition after such reference, (if any) as to the same ed by the com court shall seem meet, in the purchase of other meltuages, miflioners j lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to the like uses, trulls, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the meltuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which shall be purcbafed by the commilgoners of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, or other person or persons as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or altured, at the time of purchasing the same, or so many thereof as, at the time of making such conveyances and settlements, shall be exilling and capable of and till such taking efsect; and in the mean time, and until such purchase purchase caw be found, in trull, by and with the like approbation, so cg invtiled in * nified as aforesaid, to be inverted in government securities, and government the interell and dividends arigng therefrom to be paid and ap lecuritiesj&c. plied to such person and persons as would be entitled to the rents and profits of the premises, in case the same had not been veiled in the commissioners of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, or any person to be appointed as aforesaid; and upon payment of such purchase money by the commissioners of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, to such perlqn orpersons so as aforesaid nominated tx receive the same, the premises for which the same shall be so paid shall be and are hereby veiled in the commilgoners of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being.

How money XI And be it further enacted, That the principal money anting by the arifrng from the sale of any meltuages, lands, tenements, or he bcloneine^v reditamcnts> which shall be purchased for the purposes contained bodies corpo n this act, of anybody politic, corporate or collegiate, coipo; rate, cis to ration aggregate or foie, being feoffees in trull, guardians, comb applied, mittees, or other trustees, shall be paid to them respectively, or to such persons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the same, in trull, with all convenient speed then afterwards to be reinvefted in the purchase of other meltuages, lands, tenements; or hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and

C )gle

1775-1 Anno decimo quirtto Georgii II C 81

subject to the like uses, trurts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments; which shall be purchased from them respectively as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, and assured, at the time of such the purchasing of the same, or so many thereof a9 at the time of making such conveyances and settlements shall.. exiting and capable of taking efsect; and in the mean time, and until such purchase can be found, in trust, to be inverted in government fecuritfes, and the interest and dividends arising therefrom to be paid and applied to such bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate, trustees, and other person and persons afe would be mtitled to the rents and profits of the premises, in case the same had not been verted in the com miftioners of his majesty’s treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being, by virtue of this act.

XII And whereas a further carrying on of the embankment already

made in diverse places on the north shore of the river Thames, between Westminster Bridge and the new bridge at Blackfriars, by extending such embankments from the jouth east corner of kitchiner’s wharf in one uniform line to Strand Lane flairs, lying within his Majejhfs manor of the Savoy, would contribute to the improvement cf the navigation of the Thames, and to the advantage as well as ornament of the offices hereafter to be ejiablijhed% and of his Majesty's pterin ft of the Savoy; be it therefore enacted by the authority a fbrefatd. That it mall and may be lawful to and for any one or Persons sp more person or persons, to be appointed for that purpose by his h‘f

Majesty, his heirs or successors, under his or their sign manual,

and such person and persons is and are hereby authorised to ih rj¥cr> from dole and embank, or cause to be enclosed or embanked, so muefi kitchiner’a of the ground and soil of the said river as lies unembaqked on wharf, pro the north side thereof, from the southeast corner of Kitchintr's l^sirand la^e wharf, and projecting from thence thirty feet into the river, and so contipued in a uniform line, so as to give a proper direction to the (tream, and extending from thence eastward to Strand Lane stairs; the foundation of the said front wall, to be made with such fet off towards the said river, and the said wall to be guarded with such plies and other defences, as shall be thought requisite and expedient for securing the liability or duration thereof.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That the ground and soil of the said river, foto be enclosed Embankment

and embanked in the front of the said palace or capital meflqage

of Somerset House, and garden thereunto belonging, shall vert, and malefty»&ct

the same are hereby verted in his Majesty, his hteirs and fuc*

eeflbrs, for the uses and purposes herein afrer mentioned; and

all the rest and residue of the ground and soil of the said river,

so be enclosed and imbanked as aforesaid, shall vert in, and the

fifcne is hereby verted in his Majesty, his heirs and fucce(tor$, in

right of and as parcel and member of his dyichy of Lancafier.

XIV And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Owners of lawful to and for the owner qr owners, proprietor 01 proprietors, wharves may

Vot. XXXI G for embank with.

fty’i com m if fioners shall direct.

may try a6sre8ate? to Proccec* to tria f such claim or right before the right of chief justice, or any other of the judges of the court of king’s

Z Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 33. f 1775.

in certain LI for the time being of the refpe#ive houses, wharves, and “ground, mtu (pecified, situate between the Adelphi terras and the west corner of the at his Maje buildings called The savoy%to make such embankments, and erect such houses and other buildings^on the said grounds, as the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of his majesty’s treasury for the time being, shall, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, authorise and direct, anything herein, or in an act,, entitled, An atl for enabling certain persons to enclose and embank part, t of the river Thames, adjoining to durham yard, salisbury fireet,

cecil street, and beaufort buildings, in the county of Middlesex, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV And whereas it is but jujl and reasonable, that any bodies po'

'or corporate, and all other person and persons who claim any

right to the soil of the river Thames, so intended to be enclosed as aforesaid, Should be at liberty to try such right at law; be it there persons claim fore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every the (mfofw per^on an perf°ns> bodies politic and corporate, foie or river raa

their rigl _ _

claim at law. bench or court of common pleas respectively, at the sittings of Nisi Prius in the said county of Middlesex, in or after michael mas term now next ensuing, in a feigned action for tl)at purpose, to be commenced in either of his majesty’s faidcourts, on or before the first day of Trinity term next ensuing, wherein such person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, as aforesaid, shall be plaintiff or plaintiffs upon one or more issue or ifltues, to be settled in the court of which the said action shall be com if parties djf meneed, if the parties shall differ about the settling thereof; ^, thehtue such jflrue or j{fue5 t0 tried by a special jury of freeholders of the said county of Middlesex, whose verdict thereupon, if the 1 same shall be satisfactory to the court where the cause is tried,

shall be final and conclusive to all the said parties; and in case a verdict shall be found for such plaintiff or plaintiffs js to the said right, the said jury shall upon their oaths inquire, as well what damages have been or will be sustained by, and what re compence ought to be made for, so much of the soil of the said river Thames as shall be taken away for the purposes of embanking as aforesaid, as well as tl\e relpedtive parts .and proportions of such damages and satisfaction which ought to be paid and born in proportion to their respective interests therein, by pr in respect of his majesty’s said palace of Somerset Houfey and his said manor of the Savoy, and to endorse the same upon the Pofiea\ and for the better ascertaining such damages, and the proportions thereof, as aforesaid; the court in which the said action shall be commenced shall, upon the application of either of the parties, cause the said jury to view the places in question, to which said jury all parties, and all others interested, shall have Court, ujm|k ^eir lawful challenges;, and the said court yyhere the said adtioa the jury! to tr*ec* shall upon the verdict of the said jury ip such

giver judge feigned action, give judgement thereon according to law; which mefuvwhich judgement shall be, recorded by the said court, and (hali finally shall be final. * * J r fajnd

*775-] Anno decimo quinto georgii III C 33* 83

bind and conclude all parties, and all others interested in the embankment.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, After patting That from and after the parting of this act, all that his majesty’s fid palace or capital message, called by the name of Denmark with its ap Houje, otherwiit Somerset House, otherwik Strand House, situate purtenances, in or near the parish of Saint Mary at Strand, in the county of C vested in Middlesex, with all its rights, members, and appurtenances his Majesty, whatsoever, and all and Angular houses, outhouses*stables, coach houses, edifices, buildings, courts, yards, gardens, and appurtenances whatsoever, to the said palace or capital message belonging or appertaining, or accepted, reputed, taken, or enjoyed, as part, pareel, or member thereof, or of any part thereof; and alfp lo much of the ground and soil of the said river Thames, foto be enclosed and embanked as'aforesaid, as lieth in the front of the said palace or capital message called Somerset House, and the garden thereunto belonging; and also all such messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as shall at any time be purchased by the lords commissioners of the treasury, or any three of them, or by the lord high treasurer for the time being, by virtue of the powers and authorities contained in this act, together with all eredions and buildings now erected and built upon the said premises, or any part thereof, or that shall or may at any time hereafter be erected and built thereon, or any part thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and indemnified, of, from, and against, all former grants, charters, titles, estates, or other encumbrances whatsoever, for the use, intent, and purposeof erecting and efta for the pur bliihjng, within the same, or upon the ground and (cite there p°rc f cre^‘ of, the several public offices hereafter mentioned; that is to say, The salt office, the stamp office, the tax office, the navy office, the navy pay office, the navy viftualling office, the public lottery office, the hawkers and pedlars office, the hackney coach office, the surveyor general of the crown lands office, the auditors of the imprerts office, the pipe office, the office of the duchy of Lancaster, the office of the duchy of Cornwall, the office of ordnance, the king’s barge mafter’s house, the king’s barge houses, and such other public offices and buildings as shall be thought fit by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and convenient to erect andeftablifh there, notwithstanding any restraint, or any other matter or thing contained in an act of parliament, made in the first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne,

(entitled. An act for the better support of her Majestys household, and the honour and dignity of the crown)) anything in the said Vedited aft, made in thefecond year of the reign of his present Majesty (entitled, An act for enabling his Mafejiy to make provision for (upporting the royal dignity of the §>ueen, in case Jhe Shall survive his Majesty)) any other law, statute, or usage, tq the contrary thereof in any wie notwithstanding.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

. Ga That

u Anno decirno quinto Georgii III c.33. [1775.

When the of That when all or any of the said several offices, and such as may fices are ered hereafter be erected or established, shall be so built and eftablifii ed, every one ed, as aforesaid, the same shall be several ly and respectively ac t he called af cepted jn law to be the proper office, and shall be called after the nef of such denomination of the revenue or business of such respective office; respective of and that all and every ad and acts, thing and things, matters fice, and concerns respectively, made, done, or executed there con

and all acts, cerning such office, or the receipt and management of any of done^htre^o IS majesty’s said revenues respectively, shall be and are hereby be valid in law. declared to be as good and valid in the law, to all intents and purposes, as such ad or acts, matters, things, or concerns, would have been, had the same been made, done, and executed at any ancient, present, or accustomed office, had this act never been made, *

As by ad 1* XVIII And whereas by an a, made in the twelfth year of thi Geo. 3. Ely reign of his present majesty, (entitled, An act for vesting Ely House, C be Hmfe in Holbourn in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and hismaicfty for or appty*n6 he purchase money, with another sum therein the purposes mentioned, in the purchasing a free hold piece of ground in there n men Dovei' jireet, in the building and sitting up another house there tioned, n for the future residence of the bishops of Ely, and the surplus to the benefit of the see, an i for other purposes therein mentioned,) all that house called Ely House, ftuate in Holbourn, in the county of Middlesex, and all that and those the chapel, coach houses, liables, and other offices, gardens and yard thereto belonging, with all the rights, members, and appurtenances to the house and premises belonging, .upon such compenjation, and with such saying, as therein par ticularly exprejj’ed in that behalf, become vejled in his majesty, his heirs and fueceffiors, to the intent,. among other things, that the same Should be applied to erebj and ejiablifh puflick offices thereon, as in and by the said recited alt, relation thereunto being had, may more fully appear : and whereas the said house called Ely House, and other the premises, have been found notfo convenient for the purposes aforesaid as the said palace or capital mejfuagt called Denmark House, other wise Somerset House; and part of the said palace or capital mejfuage celled Denmark Houle, otherwise Somerset House, or 0] the meffiuages, lands, and tenements, to be pur chased as herein before is provided, or of the land to be acquired and taken in by such embankment a: is herein before mentioned, may not be required, or necessary to the erection and ejlabltfhment of the offices aforesaid \ it will be very advantageous to the public that the said Ely House, and all the premises thereto belonging, and all such part of the said palace or capital mejfuage called Denmark House, otherwise Somerset House, and other the premises as Shall not be necessary to the ereflion and eftablifhmeut of the offices a fore(aid Should be sold \ and also all such grounds, buildings, meffiuages, and tenements, with their appurtenances, as are now used and employ ed as and for any of the public offices to be ertfted and ejlablijhed as aforesaid, and whereof or wherein his Majesty, or any person or per jons in trfor him, have or hath any estate or interest, other than and except such house, $, or apartments, as are part of bit Met j?ftys royal palace of white hall, should after the removal of such of

Jtess,

*775-] Annadccimoquintq Geo'rgii III c.33. $$

ices, be likewise sold, for such estate and interest as his Majejiyy or any Other term or persons in trust for him, have or hath therein, or that the fata house called Ely House, and other the premifesy Should be otherwise disposed of to the bejl advantage, and that the purchase money or other profits thereof to be paid into the hands of the lords cmmiffioners of his Majestys treasury for the time tying, or into the hands of such personas they or any three of them Shall by warrants under their bauds dirett or appoint to receive the same, should be applied and disposed of in (retting and ejlablijbing such public offices as aforesaid, upon the terms and in the manner hereinafter mentioned V for that purpose; and his Majesty is therefore pleased and contented that the same be enattcdy oretained, and efrabli/hed accordingly \ be it X

therefore oretained, enalied, and eftabliftied, by the authority aforesaid, That the said houle called Ely House, and all that ahd the said house those the chapel, coach houses, (tables, and other offices, gar such Parti dens, and yard thereunto belonging, with their and every of houfct&c^aa their rights, members, and appurtenances, which by the said may not be recited a were veiled or intended to be yelled in his Majesty, necessary for his heirs and successors, as aforesaid, and also all such part and thepubfickof parts of the said palace and capital mefliwge called Denmark *****

Houfey otherwise Somerset House, and other the premiss, except commissioners, as before excepted, as shall not be necessary or the eredliqn and and may be eftablilhment of the several offices aforesaid - also all such foregrounds, buildingr, messuages, and tenements, withrheir rights, members, and appurtenances, as are now used and employed as and for any of the publick offices hereafter to be created and established as aforesaid, and whereof or wherein his Majesty, his 1 heirs and fuccefiors, or any person or persons in trull for him or them, now have or hath, pr can or may have, any estate or m terest, except as before excepted, (hail be veiled in, and the same are hereby vested in the commissioners of his majcfty’s ‘treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to the intent that the same may be bargained, sold, or leased, disposed of, and applied to and for the several purposes heres n after mentioned j and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of his majesty’s treasury, pr any three of them, of the lord high treasurer for the time being, to treat, oontract, jdnd agree, with any person or persons, bodies politic dr corporate, their heirs, successors, and alsigns, for the sale, or for the leasing of all or any part of the estate, right, title, or interest, in or to alt or any of the premises so veiled in^the commissioners < of the treasury as aforesaid, for the moil money that can be got for the same, or upon terms and conditions the mod advantageous that can be got: and that upon the executing such contrails Conveyance or agreements by the commissioners of his majesty’s treasury, assignments, or any three of them, or, the lord high treasurer for the time c^(en?to\>e being;, or upon executing such other conveyances, surrenders, or good in law demises, as in such contra or contrails shall be agreed on for against all that purpose, and payment of the price at such time or times as claimt, C shall be agreol on, into the hands of such person or persons as shall be appointed for that purpose as aforesaid, to be applied

G 3 and

86 Anno decimo quinto gjjorgii III C 33. [1775.

and disposed of according to the directions of this prefeot a, such conveyances, alignments, farrenders, and dcmises, shall be good and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes, and shall acquit and difdharge every such pprchafer or lessee, his and their heirs, successors, executors, ad miniftrators, and assigns, as against his Majesty, his heirs and fticceflors, and all other person or persons claiming or to claim, by, from, under, or in trust for him or them, or the said commimoners or their trustees, notwithstanding any reftrictioti or other matter or thing contained in the said act of the tirft of her late majesty Queen Anne, or any other law or statute whatsoever.

How the mo XIX And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid' ' fe of dy That ah and every sum and sums of money arising by such House, C \% or contracts, or by any conveyances, assignments, furren to be applied, ders, or demises, made in pursuance thereof, of the said house called Ely House, and other the premises so by this act vested in the commidioners of the treasury as aforesaid, or of any part thereof, lhali be issued and applied, and are hereby appropriated and applied to the uses and for the purposes following \ that is to say, in the ftrft place, for paying "and defraying all efcpences, incurred in and about executing ancf completing such sale or

sales as aforesaid, or relating thereto refpebfively; and after payment of such charges and expenses foresaid, the surplus and residue of the said money fh&tt be applied for and towards the expenses of enclosing and embankirtg so much bf the ground and soil of the river Thanks foto be indofeb a aforesaid," as lieth in the front of the said palace or capital message called Denmark House, otherwise Somerset House, and the garden thereunto belonging; and for and towards payment ofine confideta tion for any purchase to be made in pursuance of this act; and for and towards the expenses of laying out, building, finishing, completing, and maintaining, all and each of the several pub lick offices herein before mentioned; and it shall and may be lawful for the' com mi dinners of his majesty’s treasury, or any ' three of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to issue hits or their Warrant from time to time for the payment and application of such sum and sums of money accordingly.

Tf money aris XX nd be it enabled by the authority aforesaid.. in ing by fal, case the rtioney arising by such sale or sales, demises or furren bcc. be net fuf. ders of the said house called Ely Houst, and other the premises, ^*° vc^e<* m he commissioners of his majeft/s treasury, to .be nav^hlrrice* or demised as aforesaid, (lull not be sufficient to answer the &c.may bw ap purposes for which the same is appropriated as aforesaid, that plied. then itthall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of

his majesty’s treasury, or any three of them, or the lord high ' treasurer for the time being, and he or they are hereby impow ered, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, by or out of all or any of the aids or supplies granted or to be granted by parliament, for or towards all or any of the naval services, and ' out of all or any of the revenues arising or to arise to his Majesty, within the receipt, management, or government of all or

any

1775*3 Anno decuno quinto Georgii III C 34. ' 87

any of the feverat offices created and efiablished, or to be eredfed and established by virtue of this act, to order and direct, front time to time, such sum and sums of money as he or they shall judge necessary for arrfwering the purposes aforesaid, and carry.. the intentions of this act into effectual execution: favingsavingclaufc. always to all and every person and persons, their heirs, executors, and administrators, and all bodies politic and corporate, and their fuccdlors, (other than and except the king’s moil excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, and other than such person or perrons seized or possessed in trust for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, )a)! such estate, right, title, interest, and demand whatsoever, which they, or any of them, have, or might have had, of, in, to, or out of the said palace called Denmark House, otherwise Somerset House, or to the said capital message, late called Buckingham Heuse, and other the premises, or any part thereof, before the making of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. *

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commiffionert That the said lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now of the treasury or for the time being, or the lord high treasurer for the time be indemnified ing, and each and every qther person and persons authorised by ******** thc7 them, or any three of them, to do any act in execution of any J jltoceofthia* of the powers intended to be hereby vested in them respectively, ad. as aforesaid, are atid shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do inpurfuance of this act: and that if any action shall be Action to be brought or suit commenced against any person or persons for .br° “ght with anything done in pursuance of this ad, or in relation to any of the premises herein before mentioned, every such action or suit *

shall be laid or brought within three calendar months after the

committed; such action shall be laid in the county of Middlesex,

and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in Defendant

such action or suit shall and may be at liberty to plead the gene my plead the

ral issue, and give^this ad and the special matter in evidence, lffue.

without Ipecially pleading the same: and this act and every

clause and matter therein fhafhbyali and every judge and other

person and persons be construed and adjudged as largely and be

ficially as can be for the end and purposes herein expressed

* And it (s hereby declared to be a public ad of parlia Public ad. ment and all judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take notice/thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXIV

An act for encouraging the manufactures of rate oil, and other vege' fable oils, in this kingdom, by reducing the duties on rape seed, and other jeeds producing oil, imported from Ireland; and for allowing the free importation of rape cakes for manure from Ireland to this kingdom.

WHEREAS by an act, passed in the twelfth year of the Preamble. reign of his late majesty King Charles the second, (entitled Ad near

* ' 4 Ad

cjock e

88. Anrfp ctedmo qwsfd Qeorgu IIF. C 34. [177$*

An act for granting to his Majesty a subsidy of tonnage and

poundage, and other fuips of money payable on merchandise

exported and imported,) heavy duties have, been imposed upon rape

feed, and upon oil extra fled from rape seed and other vegetable oils

imported from Ireland, which duties, by an act, pqffed in the eleventh?

I y 11 Geo. year of the. reign of his late majesty King George the first, havt

1. made pr seen perpetual \ and the faii duties have been found by expert p^ual,

erne to amount to a prohibition of the importation of the said commodities from his Majestys said kingdom of Ireland t and whereas this kingdom, not being able to fuppiy Us own confnmption, is obliged t' pur chase large quantities of oils of different sorts from foreigners in the place of many of which sorts now imported on low duties oils mad ih this kingdom of rape seed imported from Ireland might be advantageous fubjlituted, and particularly for the use of the woollen manufacture : and whereas there is reason to apprehend that there may be a deficiency in the quantity of whale oil, and other fifb oil, so necessary for a variety of manufactures, which deficiency may be bejl provided against by a Jupply of vegetable oil to be manufactured in this kingv dom \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be one stead 5 and bfe it enacted by the king’s rfioft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the au after Aug I. thority of the same. That from and after the»first day of August,, r 11 northeast thousand seven hundred and seventy five, whenever the be above t. Pr, CC middling British rape seed, at the ports and places jo, perlast, where rape seed mall be imported into this kingdom, shall spall tot merdu pear, according to the methods directed by the several acts of tie on fbeh pailiatnent for ascertaining the rates and prices of corn and f%mtisind rain ^nnported; to be at or above the price of Seventeen pounds shall cealcj and ten killings per last, all duties heretofore imposed upon or payable on account of any rape seed, or other seed commonly made use of for the purpose of extra&ing oil from the same, imported from Ireland shall cease, determine, and be no longer and in lieu paid -} and in lieu thereof, there hall be paid to his Majesty, his tnneof 1 s. per heirs and successors, a duty of one shilling jfrehaft, ind no more, latt shall be upon aj| rape fccc^ an(j Upon aj| other seeds commonly made moreau n u^c F For the fpurpofe of extracting oil therefrom, such seeds being of the growth of Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain.

How duties II And be it further enacted. That the said duties shall bo arc to be col levied, collected, paid, and applied, in such and the same man an<*ap ncfr* an ^ anc ^amc u^es an purpa^8> as duties F ici granted by the said at of the twelfth year of the reign of his

late majesty King Charles the fecohd are direqed to be levied collected, paid, and applied.

Race cik t III And be it further enactcd by the authority aforesaid, for manure That from and after the first day of Avgujl next, it shall and ported^from may be *aw^ui to imp<>rn into any part of Great Britain, from lieundduty Ireland, all rape cakes, or cakes made of rape seed, commonly fice. Wed for the purpose of manure, duty free,

CAP,

/

1775*] Anno dccimo^uinto georgii HI. 0.35* 36.

89.

CAP. XXXV

Alt ar to permit the Jree importation of raw goat Jkins into this kingdom for a limited time.

WHEREAS i( would tend greatly to encourage and improve Preamble.

the manufacture of red, green, and blue leather, in this ling dam, if the importation of raw and undressed goat Jkins dutyfree was permitted for a limited time; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be euacted: and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of theifame* That from and 10*

after the twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and^fj seven ty five, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or may beim personsto import and bring into this kingdom, in britijba>\ii[\. ported from ships or vessels, navigated according to law, from any .port or i^vom* place whatsoever, any goat (kins raw or undsessed, without pay duty fa ing any subsidy, custom, or other duty whatsoever for the same, 5 years, for the space of five years, from the said twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next session of parliament, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding..

ll. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Due entry of authority aforesaid. That due entry shall be made of all such such g°au goat (kins at the cuftpmhoufe belonging to the port into which madvanhe the same shall be imported, in such manner and form as was used customhouse j and practised before the making of this af; an<j such goat fkjns shall be landed in the presence of the proper officer or officers of the customs appointed for that purposej. and if any person or and on de persons upon the importation of such goat (kins, shall not ob fault, to be serve and perform the said rules and regulations herein'^forc^l^y°i]gr

mentioned, every such person shall be liable to pay such and the ^...

same duties as such goat (kins would have been subject and liable to if this a 61 had not .been made, anything herein contained ro the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVI

An qci to explain and amend an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to enable the speaker of the house ot commons to issue his warrants t6 make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in 'parliament, in the room of such members as shall die during the recess of parliament 5 and for enabling the speaker of the house of commons to make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of such members as Shall during the Yecefs of parliament become peers of Great Britain, and be fifintnoned to parliament \ and for fufpendtng the execution of the said atl with refpefl to the borough Shaftesbury, in the county fudrtet, during the next recess of parliament.

WHEREAS by an atl, poffei in the tenth year of his present Preamble.

Majesty's reign, entitled, An act to enable the speaker of aftiogm 3. K the recited.

Anno deprrio quinto georgh III C [1775/

the house of commons to ifliie his warrants to make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of such members as shall die during the recess of parliament,) the speaker of the house of commons is required to ijftubis warrants to the clerk of the crown to make out new writs in the room of members who die during a recess of parliament for more than twenty days, whether by prorogation or adjournment, the deaths of such members havitfg been certified in writing to him under the hands of two members of the house of commons, and fourteen days notice being sir ft given by the speaker of the house of commons thereof and of his intentions to issue such warrants, by inserting futh notice in the London Gazette : and whereas inconveniences might arise if such notice should be inserted in the London Gazette, and such warrant Should be issued by the speaker of the house of commons, in the case of the death of a member, which Shall not be certified to the speaker of the house of commons so long before the aflual meeting of the house of commons for the dispatch of business as that the said notice may be inserted, and the fourteen days expire, before the said meeting of the house of commons 5 or in the case of the death of a member against whose election or return a petition had been presented to the house of commons, and was depending at the time of such prorogation or adjournment : for preventing the same, beat declared and enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice arid content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of explanation tne same That nothing in the said acts contained extends, of of laid shall be construed to extend, to require the speaker of the house with respect to of commons to insert notice in the London Gazette, oi ifliie his warrant to make out a new writ in the room of any member bcc^to ltvc*' deceased, whote death shall not be duly certified to the speaker la parliament. r^c house of commons so long before the actual meeting of the house of commons for the diipatch of business as that the speaker of the house of commons may be able to insert notice thereof, and of his intention to issue such warrant, fourteen days at the lead before such meeting of the house of commons; or 41 for the election of a'member to serve in parliament for any

county, shire, city, borough, cinque port, or place, in the room of any member deceased, against whose election or return for such county, shire, city, borough, cinque port, or place, a petition had been presented to the house of commons, and was actually depending at the time of such prorogation or adjournment.

(beaker to HAND whereas it would tendjl illfurther to promote the purpofs ifce bis war of the said act of the tenth year of his present Majesty, and to prevent rants, during those inconveniences and disorders which may be occasioned for a recess, for of more Jpccdy elections of members of the house of commons, if we clewing raem provisions of the said act were extended to the cases, of members who room of those fiall become peers of Great Britain, be it enacted by the authority become peers aforesaid. That from and after the end of this present session of of Great Bri parliament, it shall and may be lawful for the speaker of the taia* house of commons for the time being, during the recess of piuv

liamept

.

tonne.

1775.] Anno decimo quinto Georgii HI. C 37. * gx

liament for more than twenty days, whether by prorogation or adjournment, and he is hereby required to issue his warrants to the clerk of the crown, to make, out new writs for electing members of the house of commons in the room of such members as shall during such rccefs become peers of Great Britain, as soon as he shall receive notice, by a certificate under the hands of two members of the house of commons, that a writ ofiummons hath been issued under the great seal of Great Britain to fiimmon the said members to parliament.

III Provided also. That after the receipt of such certificate The like no the like notice in the London Gazette shall be given by the speaker, tice to be giv as is required in the case of members deceased; and such noticfc cn M

and warrant shall be subject and liable to the same exceptions bers dcceafcd^ and regulations as are required by the said aft and by this present act, in the case of notices to be given, and warrants to be -, iflfued in the room of members dying during a recess.

IV And whereas it has appeared to the house of commons, that Speaker not

there was the mof notorious ' " '

of members to serve in __ t

ofiafton shsfffburvj m m ivuruj vj IWI. unu ivwcf tuj

in emfequeme thereof \ and until the house of commons jhau helve an Shatto opportunity of making a further inquiry into the per)ons concerned in the said bribery and corruption, the house of commons have provided, ' that n writ do issue for the elefling of a burgess to fervein parlia ' ment for the said borough during the present Jeffion of parliament; but as it may happen that, durtng the next recess of parliament, the speaker of the house of commons may, by virtue of the said recited act '

of the tenth year of his present Majesty, be required to issue his warrant to the clerk of the crown to make out a new writ for the ele sling of a burgess to serve in parliament for the said borough of shaftflbu ry: and whereas the ijfuing such writ during the next recess of parliament might tend to defeat those measures which it may be proper to take in consequence of the said notorious bribery and corruption; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the speaker of the house of commons shall not be enabled, by virtue of the said recited act, to issue his warrant to the clerk of the crown tb make out a new writ for the said borough of Sbafton otherwise Sbaftfaury, in the county oldorset, during the said next recess of parliament.

CAR xxxyn.

An act io permit the importation of painted earthen ware, (except galley tiles,) the manufaflure of Europe, to be sold, in Great Britain, and for charging the same With a duty ad valorem.

^ttjthereas by an act of parliament, made in the third year preamble.

YV f tb reign of King Edward the Fourth, (entitled, Certain

merchandises not lawful to be brought ready wrought into recited. w tws Tcalm 5 amongst several articles therein mentioned, any manner of sainted wares are prohibited to be brought into this realm, to be uttered and sold within the same: and whereas by the additional book of rotes, ' made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty king ' * w V George

9% * Anno decimo quinto georgh III C 37. [1775.

Aft 11 Geo. i. George the First, earthen ware of all sorts, f except India or China recited. not f0 ft, uttered or sold, and not otherwise rated) the pound weight, broken or whole, is rated at ten pence, which rate is considerably under the true real value offucb earthen ware: and whereas, no twit h jianjing the said recited act, great quantities of earthen were, made and painted in foreign pqfts of Europe, have been clandejlimly brought and itnported into this kingdomr and run on Shore and bid here, and there is great reason to believe that several parcels of Jack painted earthen ware, which have been entered not to be uttered or sold, and paid the duties imposed thereon by law, according to the rate ' before mentioned, of ten pence the pound weight, have neverthtlefs

been afterwards sold and disposed of in this kingdom, to the difeou ragement of the manufaflures of this sort of ware carried on in several parts of Great Britain, and to the prejudice of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the China earthen ware imported by them being fubjut to a much higher duty: now, for remedy thereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enafttd; and be it enacted by the bung’s most excellent majesty, After June io, by and with the advice and consent of the Jords fpirityal and 1775, any sort temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, of earthen and by the authority of the same. That from and after the

7h"mwu.g twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy

faftureofeu vc lt shan and may be lawful for any person or persons to rope, may be import into this kingdom any sort of painted eartheo ware, being imported into the manufacture of Europe, to be uttered or sold in Great bri this kingdom, (except galley isles)) thing in the before recited act, (except galley made in the third year of the reign of King Edward the Fourth,

tiles)

Former rate of iod. per lb. to cease $

instead thereof, all earthen ware.

or any other act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That from and after the said twentieth day of June, the before mentioned rate of ten pence the pound weight, for earthen ware of all fort’s (except India or China not to be uttered or sold, and not otherwise rated) shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, and the several duties payable upon the importation of such earthen ware according to that rate, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and in lieu and instead thereof, all earthen ware (except India or China not; otherwise rated, whether Ac ropay ioi. pa*ntc^ or not, which, from and after the said twentieth day of jos. for every June, shall be imported or brought into this kingdom, either for 1001. ad<vafo private use, or to be uttered or sold in Great Britain, shall be rem; liable to and pay for the old subsidy, granted by the act of tonne

noge and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, ten pounds ten (billings for every one hundred pounds, according to the true value and price of such to be after earthen ware; to be ascertained by the oath or affirmation of

tamed on oath the importer or proprietor thereof, in the presence of the cu t the impor ftomer, collector, comptroller, and surveyor of his msyefty’s customs at the port of importation, or any two of them; and the several further subsidies, additional duties, and all other imports and duties whatsoever, to which such earthen ware was subject and liable to, at the rate of ten*pence per pound weight,

o befori

ter, C

*775*3 Anno decimo qutnto Georgii HI. C 38, 39. 9j

before the making of this act, shall in like manner be paid pro portionably according to such value and price, and not according to any other Tate or value.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Earthen ware That such earthen ware shall be subject and liable to the fatfie fubjes to the rales, regulations, redrictions, and forfeitures, that other uji mc rat rated goods, undervalued by the importer or proprietor, are fid) je and liable to by law, and the several subsidies, impositions, C 9

acid duties, made payable by this act upon such earthen ware. Duties, See. to SMI be raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, beo^lettcd ito such manner and form, and by such ways and means, ahd aad vrw*1 ** trader the like penalties and forfeitures, and with such^difcoums, ^cti^r, w allowances, and drawbacks, as the said former subsidies and 1 * other duties were raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and applied, and were subject and liable to; and all the powers, pe and the pow nahies, proyfions, articles, and clauses, contained in the several whichthrant«l acts of parliament which granted or continued the same rcfpec th fanfe^on tively, shall continue in full force and efsect, and shall be applied, tinued in full practised, and executed, for the railing, levying, collecting, re forte, covering, paying, and applying the said respective subsidies, impositions, and other duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this present act, as fully and effectually, to all intents, and porposes, as if the said clauses, powers, and provisions, had been repeated and enacted in the body of this present act.

CAP. XXXVIII

An at for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service ot the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five.

CAP. XXXIX

An act to empower jujiices of the peace to administer oaths where arty penalty is to be levied, or distress to be made, in purfuanco of any atf of parliament, wherein the same is not expressly directed.

WHEREAS it is frequently necessary for jujiices of the peace rtvamblt, to administer oaths or affirmations, where penalties are to be irviedy or diftrejfes to be made, in purfuanee of assis of parliaments which they have no power to administer, unless authorised jo to do by fiub acts respectively; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent mat jefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That in all cases where Tn all cases any penalty is directed to be levied, or diftreis to be made, by where penal any act of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made,

aahand may be lawful for any justice or judtees acting underunder tbc authority of such acts respectively, and he and they is andt&s, juffcices are hereby authorised and empowered to adminider an oath orai*lnm>°?®red oaths, affirmation or affirmations, to any person or persons, thc purpose of levying such penalties, or making such diftrefifes kryiog ru*ch/ refpedivety. penalties, 5rcfc*

C AJ\

$4 Aftno dcciiho quinto georgii III c.40^ c1775-

CAP. XL

An act for amending and explaining an act, pajfei in the fourteenth year of his Majeflfs reign, entitled, An act to establish a fund towards further defraying the charges of the administration Of justice, and support of the civil government within the province of Quebec, in America.

Preamble. XT7HEREAS by an act, passed in the fourteenth year of hie Claafeinaft ** Majeflfs reign, (entitled, An act to establish a fund to r^geo. 3. wards further defraying the charges of the administration of recited. justice, and support of the civil government within the province df Quebec, in America,) it is, amongst other things, enabled, That if any goods, chargeable with any of the duties in the said act mentioned, Shall be brought into the said province by land carriage the same Shall pass and be carried through the port of Saint john’s, near the river Sorrel; or if such goods Shall be brought into the said province by any inland navigation, other than upon the river Saint Lawrence, the same Shall pass and be carried upon the said river Sorrel by the said port, and Shall be there entered with and the said rejpeftive rates and duties paid for the same, to such officer or officers of his moje jlfscujlomsasjhall be there appointedfor thatpurpose; and if any Jucb goods coming by land carriage or inland navigation as aforesaid, Shall pass by or beyond the said place before named without entry or payment of the said rates and duties, or Shall be brought into any part of the said province by or through any other place whatsoever, the said goods Shall be forfeited \ and every person who Shall be ajjijling, or otherwise concerned, in the bringing or removing such goods, or to whose hands the same Shall come, knowing that they were brought or removed contrary to this act, Shall forfeit treble the value of such goods; to be ejfimated and computed according to the bejl price that each respective commodity bears in the town of Quebec at the time such offence Shall be committed; and all the horjes, cattle, boats, vessels, and other carriages whatsoever, made use of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance of such goods, Shall be forfeited and lojl, 'and Shall and may bt seized by any officer of bis Majeflfs customs, and prosecuted as thereinafter mentioned: and whereas there is reason to apprehend, that the regulations and rejlriftions contained in the said herein before recited clau/cyfo far as they relate to the bringing of rum, brandy, or other spirits, into the province of Quebec by land carriage, may, without further explanation, operate to the prejudice and disadvantage of the commerce carried on with the Indians in the upper or interior parts of the said province, we, your Majeflf s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do mofl Hi Mayfly's ^umbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it en subjects may acted by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the ad bring, by land vice and confept of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com or inland amon in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority anyva"t«of same That it shall and may be lawful to and for all his

Quebec, not majesty’s subjects freely to bring, carry or c<?nvev, by land car hcrctofpre _ riage, or inland navigation, into any parts of the province of a Quebec,

i7; 5; ] Anno dfecimo quiflto Georgix III €*41. 9$

Quebtc, not heretofore comprehended within the limits therecff comprehended by his majesty’s royal proclamation of the seventh of osiober^ in the royal onethousand seven hundred and sixty three, any quantity of rum, brandy, or other spirits, anything contained in the before any recited at of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise of rum, bran notwithstanding. y, bcc.

CAP. XLI

An act for redeeming the sum of one million of the capital flocks of three pounds per centum annuities, in the manner and on the terms therein mentioned; and for efublifoing a lottery.

Preamble. Bodies politic, kc. who have signified their content to the terms aforesaid to receive from the governor of the bank a certificate of the sums fubfctfbed, C Treasury to apply a sum sufficient to discharge cite moiety, which subscribers arp to receive by July 5, 1775. Remaining moiety to be paid before Oft. 20, 1775. Bank to transmit an exact list of 3d) persons inti tied to the 3 percent, annuities. Persons who have fubferib ed their names, C to have their interest till July 5, 1775. Payment of one quarter’s annuity to be ordered by the treasury to be made to July 1775. Annuities payable to stand redeemed; ana after July 5, 1775, to ceite. Persons forging certificates to be adjudged guilty of felony. sub ienbers to receive at the bank of England, tickets in the lottery, in the proportion of six tickets for every 100i. Carriers to give Securities ro the commissioners of the treasury, for paying the moneys into the exchequer. Treasury to apply the money to the services voted this session. 600, 0001. to be divided into prizes; and paid into the bank out of the fuppiies granted this fdfion. Managers and aireftbrs of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket.

Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them after to the cafoiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undifpoied tickets, with an account of the mo niespaidin. Undifpqfcd tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fastened with thread or (ilk; and cot ofi indent wife into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and iealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 60, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 1000i. to each first drawn tickets of the first 3 Days, and 1000l to the last drawn. Tickets of theoutermoft columns of thelaft men tioned book to be rolled up and tied. Publick'notice to begivenof putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing 011 13 Nov. 177+*

Method robe observed in drawing, C Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers.

Penalty on torging tickets, kc. Felony. Offenders being out of pnfon discovering persons guilty, to be free and have 50i. reward. Proviso.

Managers to be fwofn. The oath. Calhier may receive the sums fubfc.ib td, before receiving the lottery book, and to give a note for the same; the tpartrs iutitled thereupon to one lottery ticket for eyery nl, 10s. so paid. Conttbutors not making good their payments wirhin the times limited, forfeit their deposits with respect to the lottery; and the tickets for such sums to be delivered back into the exchequer. Treasury to pay the managers, and defray the incidental expenses. Limitation of the sale of chances, kc. Penalty. office keepers kc. selling shares in tickets of which they are not possessed, forfeit <001, and 3 months imprisonment. Offences committed in Ireland against acts for preventing unlawful lotteries, wide punisliable, and the penalties may be filed for in Dublin. The sum of 600, ©ool. payable in respect of the fortunate tickets, is charged upon the aids in general granted this session; and after the drawing is completed, shall be exchanged for certificates. Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates, C

Certificates to be numbered. Books to be kept tor entering the names of peridot bringing tickets to be exchanged, kc. Certificates to be signed.

.

1

Anno decimo quinto Georgii Ifl. c.42. [1775.

tea Treasurer to discharge all Incident charges attending the executiqp of this act. No see to be taken for receiving nr paying the contribution moneys, or for iftuing receipts of moneys, on penalty of ao 1. General issue. Treble costs.

CAP. XLII

An act for granting to his ma[efty a certain sum of money out of tfcfc sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned tor the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five) and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this lemon of parliament.

V

Preamble, Not exceeding 1, 915, 5511.169. 11 d. 3q; granted out of the fund, for the service of the current year; to be illued by the treafiiryr accordingly. Treasury empowered to raise the said sum, or any para thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund. All persons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money with interest. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment. No see to be taken on forfeiture of treble damages, with full cast. Penalty of undue preference in point of regiftery or payment. Auditor C neglecting his duty, liable for damages, CC to be recovered at weit minster. No undue preference in the regittering, where orders are brought the same day $ nor if subsequent orders are paid betore others not brought in course, (o as money be reserved for the preceding orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it shall be judged more advifeable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer bills instead of loans; and the bills in such case to be made as those prescribed by the malt act of this session. All advantages and penalties in the malt act of this session, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the sum of 1, 915, 5521. 16s. nd. 3q. not with ftandr infc aft 5 & 6 Gul. & Mar. The sum of 895, 616!. 13 s. 10 d. iq. surplus of the sinking fund in the exchequer on April 5, 17753 and such moneys as shall be paid into the exchequer between April 5, 1775, and April 5, 1776, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic) 10, 9761. xs. id. remaining in the exchequer of the duties of rictexpori ed, and apples.im ported, cam bricks and sugars, granted by aft 6 Geo. 3% and moneys paid by counties who have not raised the militia j and of the impressed moneys remaining lor the disposition of parliament. 15, 000 b for supporting the necelfary expenses ot forces in America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the ceded islands, out of the moneys to be paid into the exchequer on April 5, 1776. Appropriation of the supplies. The moneys ariflng by the malt tax, land tax, loans, lottery, and 895, 686b 13 s. tod.

1 q. remaining in the excheqoer on April 5, 1775, for the disposition of parliament; and such moneys as shall be paid into the exchequer between April 5, 1775, ane April 5, 1776, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and 10, 976!. is. id. of the moneys on rice exported, and duties on apples imported, and on cambricks and sugars, by aft 6 Geo. 3. C the money paid by counties who have not raised militia 3 and the impressed moneys remainingfor the disposition of parliament) and 1, 915, 55*1.16s. nd. 3q. by this act granted out of the exccflct, Jfcc. composing the sinking fund; together with the money ariflng from the sale of French prizes taken before the declaration of war $ and also such sums of money as his Majesty shall direst to be applied to the public service, which shall arise by the fate of the ceded islands in. the West Indies. Not exceeding 1, 678, 059b 15s. lod. to be issued out of the (applies towards naval services. Not exceeding 6000b to the royal hospital for feau»en at Greenwich, See. 228.059b is. 7d. charges of the office of ordnance; 32, 748 b 5s. 3d. for charges of the office of ordnance not provided for in *774. Not exceeding 1, 581, 0^11. 9 s. 9 d. 3 q. towards the land foroest of which 627, 689b 19s. 4d. for defraying the charges of 17, 547 d&ftivf

men

1

igiti^ed by C

*775*3 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III c.43, 44.' 97

’ Jfoeti, C and 151* invalids, far guards, Src. in Great Britain, Sec. 371, 1161.

)o4. and i sth of a penny, for forces and garrisons in Africa; *, 8741.

48. o d. to make good the difference of pay between the Brittfh and Irish cftabiuhment of the troops in the Isle of Man, Sec.; 11, 4731. t8 s. 6 d. q. for general and general staff officers in Great Britain. Not exceeding 205, 3161. 16 a. 8 d. to the reduced officers of the land forces and ma hoes; s70i. 3a. od. to the two troops of horse guards reduced, Sec. 6x81. to the penfioas of officers widows, Sec. 67, 70 61. is, id. for the augmentation of the foroes; 9, (36!. 10*. yd. to make good the difference between brituh and‘irifh pay of certain troops, Sec. ias, iti 1. 15 s. 5d. to the out pensioners of Chelfca Mofpital. Not exceeding *$*, 5371. 7s. lod. 1-8th of a penny, towards extraordinary ex pence of the land foroes, and other fbrriees incurred, and not provided tor. 1, 150, 000!. for discharging exchequer bills of left session. 11, 5781. 14 s. 9 d. to make good to Jhis mi the like sum issued in pursuance of the addresses of the house of com moils. 4, 3461. 10s. 5d. for Supporting the civil eftabliftimtnt of Nova Scoria. Not exceeding 8, 0861. for the civil eftabliffiment of Georgia |

4j9$o1. for the civil eftabiithment of East Floridaj 54501 for the civil esabtismnent of West Florida i 1, 8851. 4s. for defraying expenses attend iag surveys in North Amerca. 13, 0001. for repairing and maintaining the forts in Africa; 6, 3361. 9d. 1 q. for supporting the civil cftabiuhment of Senogambva. Not exceeding 30001. to the trustees of the Britiffi muse sm, See. 5000]. to the governor, Sec. of merchants of England trading

to the Levant Seas; 6, 998, 109. 7d. 00 account of the expense of new roads. See. in the Highlands of Scotland in 1771, 1451, to Mr. Mackenzie, for engraving charts of the coasts of Ireland, Sec. 3, 7111. 15 s. to Mr. Wallet de Barres for engraving charts of North America, Scc. 46, 8461.

9*. 3d. to the bank of England for receiving the deficient gold coin;

*9*« the extraordinary charge of his Majesty's mint; 50001..

granted to his Majesty, to assist the inhabitants of Barbaaoes, in deanfing the channel. Sec. 1, 684 k 15 s. 10 d. to make good the like sum paid for preventing the inte&ious distemper among the homed cattle; 550 I. to Mr. jtichardjon, out of the moneys railed by the file of French prices, foe kis discovery of the effect of Mr. Manning; 880, cool, granted to his ma to be payable to persons who have subscribed their capital of 3 percent. Sec. Not exceeding 45, 4461. 8s. id. to the sinking fund to make good the deficiency on July 5, 1774. i 1. 1 s. 3d. 1 q. to make good the deficiency of grants for toe service of 1774 The said aids to be applied only (9 the ue before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the half pay. By ad 14 Geo. 3. a sum not exceeding 9

207, 5151. 19 s. id. was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers.

Overplus monjes, above satisfying said officers, to be disposed of to officers riw were maimed, Src. in the late wars, or to officers widows and chh* dm, ns his Majesty shall dire.

CAP. XLIII

Am m for lighting and watching the hamlet of Higligate, in the county

of Middlesex.

CAP. XLIV

Am act to continue, for a limited time, so much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An idt for granting to his Majesty a sum of money, to be raised by exchequer bills, and to be advanced and applied in the manner and upon the terms therein mentioned, for the relief of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, as obliges the said company to export annually goods and merchandises of the growth, product, or manufacture of Great Britain to their fittlemtnts in the East Indies to a certain value.'

Vol; XXXI H WHERE

98 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III c.44. [1775*

.... XX HE REAS 1/ is expedient that the provtftons in an aff9 made

\ V V in the thirteenth year of the reign qj his present Majesty, in aft 13 Geo. 3. tituled9 An act for granting to his Majesty a sum of money to be raised by exchequer bills, and to be advanced and applied in the manner and upon the terms therein mentioned, for the relief of the united company of merchants of England trading to. the East Indies,) by which the said company are required to export annually, during the term of two years, goods and merchandises of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, to the British Settlements within the limit prescribed by the said company's charter, for their carrying on an exchtftve trade in the East Indies, or elsewhere, to a certain value, Should be continued for a further time j be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty by and witty the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and After sept.t9r by the authority of the same. That during the term of three years, to be computed from the twenty-ninth day of September, to xportpany one thousand even hundred and seventy five, the said united goodstoa company, or their successors, shall, and are hereby required to certain a export from Great Britain, in each and every year, during such the term, to the British settlements within the limits prescribed by menu iitln * tape company’s charter, for their carrying on an exclusive da, yearly, for trade in. the East Indies, or elsewhere, upon the account of the three years, said company, or their futcceflors, in their course of trade, exclusive of what may be exported by their servants or private, traders licensed by the said company, or their successors, such goods and merenandifes, of the growth, produce, or manu k fafture of Great Britain, as shall amount in value to the sum of ' three hundred eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty seven Military and pounds in each and every such year; but the amount of the va navalftores lue of the military and naval (lores so exported shall not be not. esteemed or reckoned as part of the said sum of three hundred

eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty seven pounds per Company to Annum \ the said company, or their successors, mall, on or give security, before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and of double the seventy six, and on or before the first day of June, one thousand edmfme ^cvcn hundred and seventy seven, and on or before the first day ^xjk)rtation of June onc thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, give Lee goods, security, by bond, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, under the common seal of the said company, or of their successors, in the penal sum of double the said sum of three hundred eight thousand eight hundred and thirty seven pounds, for the due exportation of the said goods and mefehandifes annually, to the amount of the said sum of three hundred eighty thousand eight hundred and thiny seven pounds, according to the real value of such goods and merchandises in this kingdom at the time of such exportation, or of the purchase thereof, by or on the be treasurer, C half of the said company, or their successors; which security thp to take the high treasurer, or the commissioners of his majesty’s treasury security. for tie time being, or any three or more of such commissioners, Account to be is or are hereby authorised to take \ and the said company, or given yearly, ' their

.1775*] Anno decimo quinto georgii III C 45. V

their successors, shall, on or before the thirty first day of October, signed by two one thousand seven hundred and feventv gx, and on or before diredtors, of the thirty first day of Oftobery one thousand seven hundred and the 8°°^* e seventy seven, and on or before the thirty first day of Oflober, p0itcd>&c# one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, deliver to the said high treasurer or commissioners, an account in writing, signed by two or more of the directors of the said company for the time being, specifying the particular goods and merchandises which shall have been so exported in every such year, in pursuance of and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, with the said true and real values of such goods and merchandises, with the names of the ships in which the same were reipectively so exported; and which account shall be veto be verified rified on oath, made before any one justice of the peace, (which UP0Q oath oath such justice is hereby authorifectand required to administer)) the proper officers or servants of the said company, or their - N ftkcceflors, who shall keep their bpoks for the entry of goods outwards, to the bed of their knowledge: and if it (nail appear Bonds to be to the satisfaction of the said high treasurer or commissioners, delivered that goods and merchandises shall have been agreeably to the if ^u*y, pcr directions of this act exported as aforesaid in the refpedhve year, formed in relation whereto each bond shall have been so given; then, in each and every such case, the said high treasurer or commissioners shall cause such bond to be delivered up; but in tafe no such account shall be delivered, as herein before mentioned, or bot If other if it shall appear that the said goods and merchandises exported w*f*» L ch within the term mentioned in any such bond shall, not have amounted to such value as aforesaid, of that any such account C *:

shall appear not to be truly made, it shall and may be lawful for the said high treasurer or commufioners to cause each and every such bond to be prosecuted according to law, unless he or they shall find sufficient cause to forbear the same.

II Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore Goods exported, That in case the said company, or their successors, (hajl ^"abou in any one of the said three years export, or cause to be export lvalue**, ed, such goods and merchandises, of the growth, produce, or mentioned, to manufacture of Great Britain, exceeding in value the Turn of be allowed jn three hundred eighty thousand eight hundred and thirty seven the facceeding pounds; then, and in such case, the said excess shall from time year to time be taken into the account of the exports of such goods and merchandises by the said company, or their successors, in aftd for the next succeeding year, and shall be allowed and considered as part thereof.

CAP. XLV

An asi for allowing the clothing and accoutrements necessary for his Majestys foroes, paid out of his Majesty s revenues arising in the kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to nhe places where such forces are ordered to fervt, and for granting a bounty upon ' flax it id imported into Ireland sot a limited time.

WHEREAS a part of his Majesty s foroes, whuh are paid Preamble out of his Majesty's revenues arifsng in the kingdom of Ire

H 2 land)

loo Anno decimo quinto georgii III C 45. [1775.

land, [the difference between Britifti and Irish pay only excepted,) do now same and may hereafter be ordered to serve, out of the said kingdom \ and it is highly reasonable and fit that the clothing and accoutrements necessary for such forces should be allowed to be exported from Ireland to the place where they Shall so serve; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enabled by. the king’s moll excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the After Aug. 1. same, That from and after the first day of August, onethousand *775, inbabi seven hundred and seventy five, it shall and maybe lawful for hnd*mayrex any perf°n or persons inhabiting in the said kingdom of Ireland, port CL oath t0 export directly from thence any clothing or other accoutre fng, C from ments, being the produce and manufacture of Great Britain or thfence, forthefor theufeof the said troops or foroes, (paid in manner icfty0, *tr<wpsa^‘before mentioned,) to any British colony or plantation in arne abroad onlrifli rtca% or t0 any of his maiefty’s forts or garrisons, or to any so pay, being reign country, upon his majesty’s service, any law or usage to Bntiih or irhh the contrary notwithstanding.

manufacture. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the

Matters of authority aforesaid. That the master, or other person taking ships to pro charge of the ship or vessel, shall produce to the collector or duce certifi proper officer of the customs at the port where such clothing proir°offi ancl accoutrements shall be shipped, or intended to be shipped, cers, that the fr exportation, and also to the collector or proper officer of fhipper had the customs in the colony or plantation where he (hail arrive, a duly exported certificate, under the hand and seal of the chief governor in ire h land, (which certificate such governor is hereby required to grant without fee or reward,) that oath had been made by the hip per of such clothing or accoutrements, before one of his ma jerty’s justices of the peac$ for the province from whence such clothing and accoutrements shall be exported, that such articles (expressing the number, quantity, and species, of the same)

sye of the product and manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland; and that it has been made appear to his fatisfacscion, by a certificate from the agent to the regiment, or person properly au thorned to provide the same, that such articles are really and bona side designed for the use of his majesty’s troops and foroes, paid in manner before mentioned, and then employed in such * or plantation, or in such sorts, garrisons, or foreign

On failure of country, as aforesaid, in his majesty’s service; and on failure of such certifi producing such certificate from such chief governor, such cloth c*tc, the vcf.

ing or other accoutrements found on board any such ship or fcjtsd&ct* vee an r*lc vee importing the same, (hill be liable to be * * seized and forfeited in the same manner as they would have

been subject and liable if this acf had not been made, anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IK. And whereas by virtue of an act of parliament made in Ireland, the third year of his Majesty s reign a premium or bounty of five billings per hogjhsad is now allowed and paid out of the revenue of that kingdom, upon the importation of flax seed, which bounty is net

at

j775*] Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 45. oi

at this time sufficient to answer the good purposes intended thereby; and it is expedient that fonts further encouragement Should be given, ™^anad9 for a limited time, to induce the importation offlax seed into Ireland dftfenal in order to promote and encourage the linen manufactures of that bounty of 5 s kingdom \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, per hogfoead, That from and after the first day of January, one thouiand fev*n hundred and seventy six, for ana during the fpacc of two fcnttounty?* years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of to be allowed parliament, a further bounty of five (billings per hogshead shall on flax seed be allowed for all flak seed imported into thatingdom of Ire into

land 1 and it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners oftrc “* his majesty’s customs in Enghnd9 or any four or more of them, Receiver ge to order the said bounty hereby granted to be paid by the re neral of the ceiver general of the customs, out of any money in his hands cuitom* in arising by any of the duties or revenues under their manage pang[hedfam meat, to the importer or importers of such flax seed, or to his or their assigns duly authorised to receive the lame, upon his or porters, their producing a certificate, under the hand and seal of office of the collector and comptroller of the cuftpms at the port in ire land where fuc|» flax seed was imported and landed, certifying tificate from" the number of bogfheads so landed, with the name of the ship the collector, apd mailer in which and the place from whence, and by whom, C where aod at what time, the same was imported; and that the bounty granted by the before mentioned act of parliament, made in wa lm*°r Ireland bad been paid and allowed for the same.

IV And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the agent of any regiment, or person authorised to If any agent provide the before mentioned clothing and accoutrements, or aoy officer of, the customs, shall give or grant any false certifi fajfe certificate for any of the purposes required or directed by this act, such cate, person or persons shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, aod be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office whatsoever j and if any person or persons nr erase or (lull counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify, any certificate required coudteffot or directed by this adfc, or shall knowingly or willingly make ufeof any false certificate, or of any certificate so counterfeited, shall forfeit erased, altered, or falsified, such person or persons shall, for every 500i. such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; and every northwest forfe? flach certificate shall be invalid and of no efsect; one moiety of tures are to be which penalty shall pe to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and applied and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the *° ^

customs as shall sue or prosecute for the same, in any of his Ma *

courts of record at ivejimiujier or Dublin, or in any court ot. admiralty, having jurisdiction in his majesty’s colonies or ifltod* respectively where the offence shall be committed.

H

CAP.

Goc le

Loi Anno decimo qainto Georgii HI. C 46. [1775-

CAP. xlvr.

An act for amending and rendering more effeftutl an, passed im the eleventh year ofhisprefetit Majesty's reign, entitled, An act tor regulating and improving the fiftieries in the river Tweed and the rivers and streams running into the same, and also within the mouth or entrance of the said river.

Preamble. TI H E RE AS in and by an act, made in the eleventh yfar of Aft X i Geo, 3« V V the reign ofus present Majesty, entitled, An act for regu ' lating and improving the fiftieries in the river Tweed, and the rivers and streams running into the same, and also within the mouth or entrance of the said river, certain proviftons and regulations were ejlablijbed for the preservation and improvement If the ffberies in the said river T weed: and whereas the said provisions and regulations have proved very beneficial to the owners anfl proprie tors offfberies in the said river, and the rivers andjlrearns running into the Jamey and have greatly contributed to the preservation of thefi/b therein: but whereas Jeveral inconvemencies and defects have occurred in the execution of the said act; for remedy whereof, and in order to amend and render the said ad more effectual, may it please your Majesty that it may be enaded5 and be it enacted by the „ king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent

of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. After May 11, That from and after the twelfth day of May, one thousand seven i^.perfoiu hundred and seventy five, if any person or persons shall fish for &?inwithmthe any amon faloaon trout, or whitling, in the said river rivertweed, Tweed, orin any river, rivulet, brook, or stream, of in any mill pool, mill lead, sluice, or cut, which communicates with the said river Tweed, at any time or times between the tenth day of October and the tenth day of January in any year, or between ten of the clock on Saturday night and two of the clock on Monday not exceeding morning; or shall, at any time or times after the said twelfth 10i. nor less day of May, fish for any salmon, gilfe, salmon trout, or whit the boats L ng» win the mouth or entrance of the said river Tweed northeast's &c!tpbe every such person or persons so firtiing shall, for every such of flettroyed. fence, forfeit any sum not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, 4 nor less than forty (billings, at the discretion of the justice or he.

riff depute by whom such offender or offenders shall be convicted, together with the boats, tackle, nets, engines, and all 1 other devices made use of in firtiing for any such fish; and all such boats, tackle, nets, engines, and other devices, so forfeited, fh^ll be cut to pieces, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, by the direction f jhe jyjftice or heriff depute by whom such offender or pffenders shall be convicted.

Nets or en II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That gines found in if any ring net, bob net, or any other engine or device whatfo thc ever, shall be placed in the said river Tweed, or in any river, ri

to bp ddtroy vuj^t> brqok, or stream, or in any mill pool, mill lead, sluice, or cu which compiunicates with the said river Tweedy at any tiqi?

W

See, between Oft 10, and Jan. so.thall forfeit, for each Offence,

/

1775-3 Anno dcdrtio quinto Georgii III C 46. 105

or times between the said tenth day of Qftober and the tenth day of January in any yeaiv (the placer or fetter of which ring net, bob net, or other engine or device, is unknown and cannot be found,) it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or performs to seize the same, and with all convenient speed to carry the ' same before any justice of the peace, or heriff depute, for the liberty or place where the said net, engine, or other device, shall bare been found (landing; and if, upon due proof made thereof, the said net or nets, engine, or other device, shall be found by the said justice or heriff depute to have been placed in the said river Tweedy or in any river, rivulet, brook, or dream, or in any mill pool, mill lead, sluice or cut, which communicates with .the said river Tweedy contrary to the intent and meaning of the said former and this present act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice or heriff depute to cause the same in his presence to be cut to pieces, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

IL And be it further enabled. That from and after the said Perfom in twelfth day of Mayy if any person or persons shall have in his, wl, ofe cuttodjr her, or their custody or possession, any salmon, gilfe, salmon trout, or whitling, at any time or times, between the tenth day ^ found duros Oftofier and tne tenth day of January, in any year, the proof iog the time that such salmon, gilfe, salmon trout, or whitling, was not taken or atorefoid, to killedwithin the said river Tweedy or in any river, rivulet, brook, jprove tha* or dream, or in any mill pool, mill lead, sluice, or cut, which {sken^tbc communicates with the said river Tweedy between the said tenth Tweed; day of October and the tenth day of January, shall lie upbn the penon or persons in whose cuftodv or possession any such salmon, salmon trout, or whitling, (nail be found, between the said tenth day of October and the tenth day of Januarjy or otherwise otherwise such such salmon, gilfe, salmon trout, or whitling, shall be deemed, ^ b.c.. within the meaning of the said former act, to have been taken have*been or killed in the said river Tweedy or in some river, rivulet, brook, uken in the or dream, or in some mill pool, mill lead, sluice or cut, which.said river * and communicates with the said river Tweed; and the person or per the persons bp (oqsin whose custody or possession such fish shall be so found, within fte time aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, and be liable to i&efbrmerath the same penalty or penalties which he or they would have forfeited end paid, and would have been liable to by virtue of the said former abl, in case he or they had taken or killed such fish in the said river Tweedy ot in some river, rivulet, brook, or dream, or in some mill pool, mill lead, sluice or cut, which communicates with the said river Tweedy between the said tenth day of October and the tenth day of January.

IV And be it further enabled, That all justices of the peace justices, C within that part of Great Britain called Englandy the town of may aft as Berwick upon Tweedy or the bounds and liberties thereof, and all such, norwith justices of the peace, or heriffs depute, within that part of Great j Britain called Scotlandy shall and .may act as justices of the peace, echn the fish" or heriffs depute respectively, in the execution of the said for eries, mer or this present act, for the county, shire, liberty, or place, where ny offender or offenders against the said former or this

H 4 prefcaf

convi&ions of offenders to be certified by the justices to the next quarter sessions.

Form of conviction.

Cenviftiona to be valid, and pot remove able by certiof rari.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered.

Powers, CC of the former ast extended to this act.

Anno decimo quinto georgii III C 46. [1775.

present act shall be or reside, notwithstanding such justices or iheriffs depute are interested in the fisheries of the said river Tweed.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the conviction and convi&ions, adjudication and adjudications, of all and every offender or offenders against this act, within that part of Great Britain called England, the town of, Berwick upon Tweed, or the bounds and liberties thereof, shall be certified by the justice or justices of the peace, by dv before whom the same shall be made, to the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county or place where the offender (habe convicted, and shall be filed amongst the records of the said sessions; and such conviction and adjudication shall be in the following form of words, or to the like efsect, (that is to fey:)

To wit

day of

4 U) 4^ VI huiviiulilg «UU IVUUV1IIIC MIV» w v

feftual an act, passed in the eleventh year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled. An act for regulating and improving the fi/berie$ in the river Tweed, and the riven and firearm running into the same, and also within the mouth or fntrance of the said river: and he is hereby adjudged to have forfeited for the said offence the sum of

Given under my [or our] hand and seal [or bands and feahy as the case shall happen, ] the day andyear above written.

Which said conviction and adjudication shall be good and valid in the law to all intents and purposes, and shall not be qua(hed, fet aside, or judged void or insufficient, for want of form only; and shall pot be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Mi jetty’s court of king’s Benchy but shall be deemed and taken to be nnal to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

VI And be it further enacted. That all the penalties and forfeitures imposed by this act shall and may be recovered and levied in the same manner, before the same justices or fheriffy* depute respectively, and within the said time, and with the same power of appeal, as any penalties or forfeitures imposed by the said former act can or may be recovered or levied by virtue thereof; and that all the clauses, powers, and authorities, contained in the said former act, shall be deemed and taken to extend and shall extend to this act, as fully and efteftually as if the same were herein again repeated and re enacted; and that nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to fet aside or repeal any penalties imposed by the said former act, for offences committed against the said former act,

V Apd

1775*3 Anno decimo quinto Georgii JU. c.46. 105

VIL And be it further enacted. That no action at law shall Limitation of be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for any actions, thing done or to be done by virtue of this act, within that part of Great Britain called Englandthe town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the bounds and liberties thereof, until after fourteen days notice thereof in writing shall be given to the person or persons against whom such action shall be intended to be so brought, or left at hit or their last or usual place of abode, Jetting forth the cause of Inch action; and that every action brought for anything done, or to be done, as aforeiaid, (nail be brought within the space of six calendar months next after the cause of complaint shall arise, and shall be laid and tried in the county or place where the fact Was committed, and not elsewhere: and the defendant or defendants therein may plead the general iitue, and give this act, General itioe. and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be bad thereupon, and that the same was done by virtue hereof; and if on the trial of such action it shall appear that the same was brought before the expiration of fourteen days next after such notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the end of six calendar months next after the cause thereof shall have arisen; or if such action shall be brought or laid in any other county or place than as aforesaid, or after sufficient tender of amends mall have been made to the party or parties aggrieved; that Chen, and in any of the cases aforesaid, the jury (nail find for the defendant or defendants therein: and in all cases where any verdict shall be found for any defendant or defendants in such action; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue the same, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or shall be nonsuited;; if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants in such action shall have treble costs, and have the like remedies for recovering Treble costs. the same, as defendants have for recovering their costs in other cases by law,

VIII And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Limitation of no action shall be brought against any person or persons, for any gand? tiring done or to be done by virtue of this actor by virtue of

the bid former act, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, within that part of Great Britain called scot lend, unless such action shall be commenced within the space of six calendar months next after the cause of complaint shall arise; and in all such actions the defendant or defendants, if absolved or afioilatd from the action, shall have and be entitled to their full costs of suit.

IX And be it further enacted. That this act shall be deemed “oblkkafl; and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice

of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP,

io Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 47 — 50. [1775.

CAP. XLVII

An act for enabling bis Maitjly to a playhouse in the town of

Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster..

WITH F. R E A S it that a playhouse Should be LI

VV unfed in the town of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and Clause in aft by the authority of the same, That so much of an act of parliament, Sed with ich pasted in the tenth year of his late majesty’s reign, inti respect to tuled, An act to explain and amend so much of an act, made in the Manchester. twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, entitled, An act for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, zpd vagrants, into one act of parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and vagrants, and sending them whither they ought to be fentj) as discharges all persons from representing any entertainment of the stage whatever, in virtue ot letters patent from his Majesty, or by licence from the lord chamberlain of his majeftv’s household for the time being, except within the liberties or tvejlm{n- Jler, or where his Majesty is residing for the time being, be, and the same is hereby repealed with respect to the said town of hismajesty, Manchester: and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, lettcnp^enf h*s ^eirsan(* fuccc^ors>to grant letters patent for establishing a fbrtftabliflring theatre or playhouse within the/aid town of Manchester; which a playhouse in theatre or playhouse shall be entitled to all the privileges, add Manchester. subjected to all the regulations, to which any theatre or playhouse in Great Britain is entitled and subjected.

CAP. XLVIII

An act to continue the term of an act. made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, For laying a duty of two pennies Scots upon every Scots pint of beer and ale 'which Jhcul be sold or vended, brewed brought in or tapped, for fate within the town of anltru there alter, and liberties thereof — Further continued for twenty-five years.

CAP. XLIX -

, An act for taking down the church of All Saints, in the town of Fulbourne, and county ot Cambridge; and for the better repairing, and keeping in repair, the church of Saint Vigors in the said town.

CAP. L

An act to enable the inhabitants of the pariflt of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the county of Middlesex to purchase or hire a convenient piece of ground, fo' the purpose of erecting a workhouse thereon for the reception and employment of the poor of the said paristi; and for providing an additional burial ground for the use of the (hid parish.

CAP,

ij 75.] Anno decimo qirinto Georgii III c.51. 107

CAP. LI

An act to refrain the negotiation of protmjtory notes and inland bills of exchange under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain coded England.

WHEREAS various notes, bills of exchange, and draughts for Preamble.

money for very fmallsums, have for sometime paf been circu util or negotiated in lieu of cash within that part of Great Britain M England,, to the great prejudice of trade and public credit; cni many of such bills and draughts being payable under certain terms and reflriftions, which the poorer sort of manufacturers, artificerj, labourers, and others cannot comply with otherwise than by being fub jell to great extortion and abuse be it therefore en?6ted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con fern of the lords spiritual and temporal, and. commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same.

That all promiflory or other notes, bills of exchange, or draughts. After June 14,

or undertakings, in writing, being negotiable or transferable, profor

the payment of any sura or Turns of money less than the sum

of twenty (billings in the whole, which shall be made or ifliied toan»os.ctobc

at any time from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one of noeifbft.

thoulandfeven hundred and seventy tive, shall be, and the same

are hereby declared to be, absolutely void and of no efsect, any

law, statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise

notwithstanding.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Persons utteiv if any person or persons shall at any time or times? from and af ingfuch notes ter the twenty-fourth day of June, onethousand seven hundred or bills forleft and seventy nve, by any art, device, or means whatsoever, pub ^ li(h or utter any such notes, bills, draughts, or engagements, as exceeding 10i. aforesaid, for a less sum than twenty (billings, or on which less nor left than than the sum of twenty (billings shall be due, and which shall be 51-in anywise negotiable, 'or Thai! negotiate the same; every such person shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds.

III And be it further enacted, That the justice or justices before whop) any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and form fol lowing; (that is to say,)

BE it remembered, That on the day of Form ofcoa

in the year of our Lord vision.

AB. having appeared before me, or us, one or more of bis Majeftfs juficts of the peace, (as the case may be,) for the county, riding, istrict, division, city, borough, or town, (as the case may be,) and hit proof having been made, upon oath, by one or more credible wit ntfi or witnejfes, or by confejfion of the party, (as the case may be,) iifomrifiedof

Jfpecifying the offence. J

Given

108 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 5 r[ [

Given under thy hand and seal, (or our bands and seals) the day and year aforesaid.

Conviction to Which conviction the said justice or justices shall cause to be be returned to fairly written over upon parchment, and returned to the then raf quarternc* next 8encra* quarter'sessions of the peace of theeounty, riding (cffioiu. diftri#, division, city, borough, or town, where such convidup* was made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, to remain and be kept among the records of such county, riding, diftrictjdiviliod, city, borough, or town.

IV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho clerks of the nty aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any clerk of peace to give the peace for any county, riding, district, division, city, borough, copies ot coo or town, and he is hereby required, upon application made to paymentof 11. ty any person or persons for that purpose, to cause a copy

p y or copies of any conviction or convictions, filed by him under

the directions ot this act, to be forthwith delivered to filch person or persons, upon payment of one shilling for every such copy. Person con V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1 hat victed forth the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures, hereby incurred and the Penalties niade payable upon any conviction against this act, shall be C ** a forthwith paid by the person convicted, .as follows, one moiety How they are of the forfeiture to the informer, and the other moiety to the to be applied. p00r of the parish or place where the offence shall be committed: In case of re and in case such person shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, ftifat to oay, of to give sufficient security to the satisfaction of such justice or by CD justices, such justice or justices shall, by warrant under his or

y their hand and seal, or hands and seals, cause the same to be levied

by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, together with all costs and charges attending such distress and sale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner; and which said warrant of distress the said justice or justices shall cause to be made out in the manner and form following; (that is to say,)

j r

To the constable, head borough, or tithmgman of

Form of the \KT HEREAS A. BIN the county of

warrant of div ▼, is this day before or us, one

ftrefa. er more of his Majesty's justices trf the peace (as the case may be; for

the county of er for the riding of the county

of York, or for the town, LI or difrill of

(as the case may be) upon the oath of

or a credible witness or by

confefpon of the party, (as the case may be) for that the said a.jb. hath (here fet forth the offence) contrary to the statute m that case made and provided, by reason whereof the said A. B. hath forfeited the sum of to be diflribnted as herein is,

which be bath refused to pay; Tbeje are in his. majesty’s

name, to command you to levy the said sum of by diflrejs of though goods and chattels of him the said A. B. and if within the fpact offive days next afterfun diflreft by you, thefaidfum,

together

f775»] Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 51.

together with the rtafonable charges of taking the same, Shall not be paidy that then you do sell the said goods and chattels so by you distrain id, and out of the money arising by such sale, that you do pay one half tf the said sum of to of

who informed me, or us, (as the case shall be) of the said offence, and the other half of the said sum of

to the overseer of the poor of the par iff, toumffip, or place, where the offence was committed, to be employed for the benefit of fitch poor, returning the overplus if any) upon de domed to the find A. B .the rtafonable charges of taking, keeping, and the said distress bring jirji deduced; and if natmot be found of the goods arid (battles of the said A. B. whereon te he.ythefaid sum of that then you terrify the

feau to me, or us, (a the case shall be) together with this warrant.

Given under my hand and seal, (pr our hands and,) the day of in the year

of our Lord

VI And it is hereby further enacted, That it'shall and may Offender may

be lawful for such justice or justices to order such offender to be >»

detained in safe custody, until return may conveniently be had id«r#

and made to such warrant of distress, unless the party so con fgffkient tecu vied shall give sufficient security, to the satisfaction of such ju rity for bit ap ftice or justices, for his appearance before the said justice or ju pear*n “be, flkes, on such days as shall be appointed by the said justice or foretheluftj«. justices for the day of the return of the said warrant of distress,

(such day not exceeding five days from the taking of such security); which security the said uftice or justices is and are hereby empowered to take by way of recognisance, or otherwise.

VII And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, If no distress

That if upon such return no sufficient distress can be had, can bad, then, aod in such case, the said justice or justices shall and may ‘w.be

commit such offender to the common gaol, or house of correc **

tion, of the county, riding, division, or place, where the offence *

ihah be committed, for the space of three calendar months, un

fess the money forfeited shall be sooner paid; or until such offender, thinking him or herself aggrieved by such conviction, shall or until nogive notice to the informer, that he or she intends to appeal to x1fe 8ivca the justices of the peace at the next general quarter session of the °j0n to^ppcal peace, to be held for the county, riding, or place, wherein the 9

offence shall be committed, and shall enter inter recognisance before same justice or justices, with two sufficient furcties, conditioned to try such appeal, and to abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices at such quarter sessions,

(which notice of appeal being not less than four days before the

trial thereof, such person so aggrieved is hereby empowered to

give; } and the said justices at such session, upon due proof of Jufliceion

such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into proof of no

such recognisance, shall hear and finally determine the causes

and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and award such lummary way,

costs

> be payable on demand.

If persons refute payment of such bills.

i jo Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 51.' [1775-

and their de costs to the parties appealing or appealed against as they the said termination to judices shall think proper, and the determination of such quarter be final. session shall be final, binding, and conelusive, to all intents and purposes.

Notes, billtof VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, exchange, C That from and immediately after the passing of this at, all and Issued before evejy such notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings, for lefs^bam5* n writing, for the payment of any sum or fumt of money Jess aos. to be pay than the lum of twenty (billings, and being negotiable or trans fcrrable, as shall have issued previous to the said twenty-fourth day of June, shall be, and they are hereby declared and adjudged to be, payable tipon demandj any terms, redactions, or conditions therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person liable to the payment of any of such notes, bills of

of such bills, exchange, draughts, or undertakings, in writing, as last afore sec. or s ays, (all neglect or fail to make full payment in money of the sum or sums for which such notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings, in writing, shall be respectively given or issued, or so much thereof as shall be or remain due thereon respectively, by the space of three days after demand thereof made by the holder or holders of such notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings, in writing, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more of his majesty’s justices of the peace for the county, riding, city, division, or place, where the person or persons respectively lo refusing to pay any of such notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings, in writing, as last aforesaid, shall or may happen to be or reside, and such justice or justices is or are hereby required, upon complaint made by the holder or holders thereof, to summon the person of persons against whom fueh complaint shall be made; and after his, her, or their appearance, or in default thereof, upon due proof upon oath, (and which oath such justice or justices is or are hereby empowered to administer) of such summons or warning having been given, such justice or the complaint, justices shall proceed to hear and determine the said complaint, and award and award such sum to be paid by the person or persons respect payment, and ively liable to the payment of every such note, bill of exchange, tofueb^fticts draught, or undertaking, in writing, to the holder or holders shall seem * as shall appear to such justice or justices to be due thereon, together with such a sum for costs, not exceeding the sum of twenty (billings, as to such justice or justices shall seem meet: and if any person or persons shall refuse or neglect to pay or satisfy such sum of money, as upon such complaint as aforesaid shall be adjudged, upon the (ame being demanded, such justice or juftice9 shall, by warrant under his or their hand and seal or hands and seals, cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the party so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, together with all costs and charges attending such distress and sale, returning the overplus, if any, to the owner.

X Provided always, That no proceedings to be had touching the conviction or convictions of any offender or offenders

against

justices, on complaint of the holders, may summon them.

and on their appearance or default, C shall proceed to determine

meet.

On refiifal to pay, sum and costs to be levied by distress.

No proceedings for enforcing pay

1775-1 Anno decimo quinto Georgii IJI. c.51. in

against this act, or for enforcing payment of such notes, bills of mente. to exchange, dfatights, or undertakings, in writing, as aforesaid, as ^qaallied for havt inued previous to the palling of this act, with costs as 0 ofr< “1 aforesaid, shall be quashed for want of form, or be removed by writ of Certiorari, or any other writ or process whatever, into anyof his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

XI Provided also. That no person shall be proceeded against No person to for any of the offences against this act as aforesaid, unless infor **

mation shall be made thereof upon oath before some justice f mformationbe the peace for the county, riding, division, or place, wherein such roadc on au offence shall be committed, within twenty days after such of before a ju fcoce shall be committed.

XII And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit Limitation of shall be commenced against any person or persons for anything aftiont. done or acted in pursuance of this act, then, and in every such

case, such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within three calendar months after the fast committed, and not afterwards; and the same, and every such action or suit, shall be brought within the county where the fast was committed, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every such action or suit, shall and may plead the general issue, and give this General iffbe. aft and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in purlpance and by the authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the same, or be brought or laid in any other place than as aforementioned, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, of discontinue his, her, or their action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs. Treble costs. and have the like remedy fof the recovery thereof as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cases bylaw.

XIII And b6 it further enacted, That this act shall continue Continuance in force only for the term of five years, and from thence to the ot this act. end of the then next session of parliament.

XIV And be it further enacted, That this act shall be taken Publick aft. and allowed to be a public aft in all courts within this kingdom; and all judges and justices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the

same.

CAP. LIL

An Ml for enlarging the term of letters patent, granted by his piefent Majesty to William Cookworthy Plymouth, cbymist, for the foie use and exercise of a dijeovtry of certain materials for making porcelain; in order to enable Richard Champion a/bristol, merchant, (to u/bom the said letters patent have been ajfigned) to. carry the said difeovtry into effectual execution for the benefit of the futuck.

WHEREAS

112 Anno decimo quinto georoii III c.52: [1775.

Preamble. TT H E R E A S hispresent majejty King George the Third both V V been gratioufy pleased to grant his royal letters patent, under V the great seal of great Britain, to William Cookworthy, cbymf!%

in the words or to the effett following \ that is to fayy

Hi Majesty f^te ORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great bru noyal tetters J iain France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, aod item Cook wor« forth; ' To all to whom these presents shall come, greetingji

thy, chyaiift, Whereas William Cookworthy* of Plymouth 9 in our county of Be recited. von chemist, has, by his petition, humbly represented unto ufc that he hath, by a series of experiments, discovered, that mat rials, of the same nature with those of which the Asiatic porcelain is made, are to be found in immense quantities in our island of ' Great Britain, which ingredients are distinguished in our two

counties of Devon and Cornwall by the name of Moorfone and Growan and Growan Clay that the ware which he hath prepared from these materials hath all the characters of the true porcelain, in regard to grain, transparency, colour, and infusibility, in a degree equal to the best Chinese or Dresden ware, whereas all the manufactures of porcelain hitherto carried on in Great Britain have been only imitations of the genuine kind, wanting the beauty of colour, the smoothness and lustre of grain, and the great characteriitick of genuine porcelain, sustaining the moll extreme degree of fire without melting: That this discovery hath been attended with great labour and expense, and, to the bed of his knowledge and belief, in regard to this kingdom, is new, and his own, the materials being, even at this time, applied to none of the uses of pottery, but by him, and those under his direction; and that he verily believes this invention will be of great advantage to the public: he, therefore most humbly prayed us, that we would be pleased to grant him our royal letters patent for the foie making and vending this new invented porcelain, cotnpofed of moorftone or growan and growan clay, within that part of our kingdom of Great Britain called England, our dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the space of fourteen years, according to the statute in that case made and provided: We, being wuling to give encouragement to all arts and inventions which may be for the public good, are grad oufly pleased to condescend to the petitioner’s request: Know ye therefore, that we, of our especial grace, certain knowledge, and mere motion, have given and granted, and by these presents, for us, our heirs and successors, do give and grant unto the said William Cookworthy9 his executors, adnainiftrators, and assigns, oqr special licence, full power, foie privilege and authority, that he, the said William Cookworthy, his executors, administrators, and assigns, and evtry of them, by himself and themselves, or by his and their deputy or deputies, servants or agents, or such others as he the said William Cookworthy9 his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall at any time agree with, and no others, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, during the term of years heroin expreflted, shall and lawfully may make; use, ex e ereife.

1775-1 Ahn6 decimo quinto gsordll III c.52: 113

ercife, and vend, his said invention, within that parr of our kingdom of Great Britain called England, our dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweedy in such manner as to him, the said William Cookworthy, his executors, administrators, and assigns or any of them, shall, in their diferetions, seem meet; and that the said William Cookworthy, his executors, administrators, and assigns,

shall and lawfully may have and enjoy the whole profit, benefit, commodity, and advantage, from time to time, coming, growing, accruing, and arising, by reafbn of the said invention, for and during the term of years herein mentioned; to have, hold, exercise, and enjoy, the said licence, powers, privilege, and advantages, herein before granted, or mentioned to be granted, unto the said William Cookworthy, his executors, administrators, and assigns,

for and during and unto the full end and term of fourteen years from the date of these presents next and immediately ensuing, and fully to be complete and ended, according to the statute in such case made and provided: and to the end that he the said William Cookworthy, his executors, administrators, and assigns, and every of them, may have and enjoy the full benefit and the foie ufeand exercise of the said invention, according to our gracious intention herein before declared, we do, by th*fe presents, for us, our heirs and successors, require and strictly command all and every person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, and all other our subjects whatsoever, of what estate, quality, degree, name, or condition soever they be, within that said part of our kingdom of Great Britain called England, our dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, that neither they, nor any of them, at any time, during the continuance of the said term of fourteen years hereby granted, either diredhy or indirectly, do make use or put in practice the said invention, or any part of the same, so attained unto by the said William Cookvjortby as aforesaid, nor in anywise counterfeit, imitate, or resemble, the same; nor shall make, or cause to be made, any addition thereunto, or fubftradtton from the same, whereby to prerend himself Of them (elves the inventor or inventors, devisor or devifors thereof, 'without the licence, consent, or agreement, of the said Wiliam Cookworthy, his executors, administrators, or assigns, in writing, under his or their hands and seals, first had and obtained in that behalf; upon such pains and penalties as can or may be justly inflicted on such offenders for their contempt of this our royal command; and further to be answerable to the said William Cookworthy, his executors, administrators, and assigns, according to law, for his and their damages thereby oc eafionetf. * And moreover, we do, by these presents, for us, our hors and successors, will and command all and Angular the ju fticesof the peace, mayors, sheriffs, bailiffs, constables, head boroughs, and all other officers and ministers whatsoever, of us, our heirs and successors, for the time being, that they, or any of them, do not, nor shall at any time hereafter, during the said term hereby granted, in anywile molest, trouble, or hinder, the said William Cookworthy, his executors, administrators, or af vot. XXXI X signs.

Aflito ctecimo quinto gfiorgliiii. c.52. {1775.

figfts, or any of them, or hi or their deputies, Servants, or a gents, in or about the due and lawful use or exercise of the aforesaid invention, or anything relating thereto. Provided always, and these our letters patent are and shall be upon this conditioo, that if at any time, during the said term hereby granted, it shall be made appear to us, our heirs or fuccefiors, or any six or more of our or their privy council, that this our grant is contrary to law, or prejudicial or inconvenient to our subjects in general, or that .the said invention is not anew invention, as tothepubliek use and exercise thereof, in that said part of our kingdom of Greet Britain called England, our dominion of Walts, and town of beg .wick upon Tweed aforesaid, or not invented and found out by the said William Cookworthy, as aforesaid; then, upon fignificatkmer declaration thereof, to be made by us, our heirs or fuccefiors, under our or their signet or privy seat, or by the lords and others of our or their privy, council, or any six or more of them, under their hands, (hefe our letters patent shall forthwith cease, determine, and be utterly void to all intents and purposes;; thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. Provided also, that these our letters patentor anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be con (truest) extend to give privilege unto the said William Cookworthy* iris executors, administrators, or assigns, or any of theov to ofcor imitate any invention or work whatsoever which hath heretofore been found out or invented by any other our fubje&a whatsoever and publicly used or exercised in that said part of our kingdom of Griat Britain called England, burr dominion; of Wales or town of b&witk vpontweed aforesaid, unto whom like letters patent or privileges have been already granted for the (ole use, exercise, and benefit thereof: it being our will and pleasure, that, the said William Cooiwortby* his executors, administrators, and aflignt, and, all and every other person and persons to whom like letters patent or privileges have been already granted as aforesaid, shall distinctly use and pradifc» their fevertl inventions, by them invented and found out, according to the true intent and meaning of the said respective letters patent, and of these presents. Provided lifcewife, nevertheless, and these our letters patent are upon this express condition, That if the said William gookwor thy, his executors or administrators, or any person or persons which shall or may at any time or times hereafter, during the continuance of this grant, have or claim any right, (title, or interest, in law or equity, of, in, or td, the power, privilege, end authority, of the foie use and benefit of the said invention hereby granted, shall make any transfer or afitgmnenr, or aoy pretended transfer or alignment, of the said liberty and privilege, or any share or shares of the benefit or profit thereof, or ihftll declare any fruft thereof to or for any number of persons exceeding the number of five' .rshall open, or cause to be open. ed, ' any book or books V .: : nick subscriptions to be xn*dc by any number of personqk the number of five, in order to

the railing any money, under pretence of carry

u ^ * ing

ll

1775*3 Anno decirno quinto geg&qiiiil C $2. ing on the said liberty or privilege hereby granted; or shall by him or themselves, or his or their agents or fervaots, receive .any ium or Aims of money whatsoever of any number of persons exceeding in the whole number of Aye for such or the lilte intents or purposes; orshall presume to a&as a corporate body; or shall divide the benefit of there our letters patent,, or the liberty and privileges hereby by us granted into any number of lbares exceeding the number of five; or shall commit or do, or procure to bo committed pr done, any adb matter, or thing, whatsoever' ' such time ?s such persan or persons shall have any right mvtttte, either in law or equity, in or to, the said premises, which will bo contrary to the true intent and meaning of a Certain a of parliament, made in the sixth year of the reign of our Jate royal great grandfather King George the First, entitled. as for tbt better[tewing certain powers and privileges intended be granted by bit Majesty, by two cha, for ajjuranct of hips and mertbandtfts at sea, and for bending money upon and for

retraining Jeveral extravagant and nmuarrontebk. practises therein mentioned; or in case the said. power, privilege, or authority, shall at any time hereafter become veiled in or in trust for man than the number of five persons, or their representatives, at any one tine, reckoning executors or adnuniftrators as and for the sin jdeperfoc whom they represent as to such interefi at they are or mail be entitled so in right of such their fceftator or intestate)) then, and in any. of the said cases, these our letters patent, and all liberties and advantages ..whatsoever hereby granted, shall utterly cease, determine, ami become void, anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary theceof in anywise notwithstanding, Provided also. That if: the said William Cookworthy shall not particularly deferibe and ascertain the nature of his said intention, and in what manner the same is to be performed, by an inftrunaent in writing, undo his hand and seal, and cause the lame to be iarolled in our high court of chanoery, within four calendar months next and immediately after the date of these out letters patent; that they), these our letters patent, and all liberties andadyaotages whatsoever hereby granted, shall utter ’ ly cease, determine, and become void, anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. And htftly, we do by these prefeots, for us, our heirs and fuc eeflory, gramme unto the said wimiamgoobworthy, his executors, edminiftrators, and aligns, that these our letters patent, or the iatokneot or exemplification thereof, shall.be in and by all things, good, firm; valid, sufficient, and effectual in the law, according to the true intent and meaning thereof, and shall be takenf con (trued, and adjudged, in the most favourable and beneficial sense for the belt advantage of the said William, his executors,

adminifirators, and assigns, as well in all our courts of record as elsewhere, and by all and (ingular the officers and ministers whatsoever of US, our heirs and successors, in that pan of our aid kingdom of Great Britain calied, our dominion of

Walts, and town of Btrwhk upon Tweed aforesaid, and atnongft

12

116 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III c.52. [1775.

ah and every the subjects of us, our heirs and *fucce{tors, whatsoever and wheresoever, notwithstanding the not full and certain deferibing the nature or quality of the said invention, or of the materials thereto conducing and belonging: In witness whereof, we have caused these our letters to be made patent: Witness ourselves at ivejlminster, the seventeenth day oi Martb, in the eighth year of our reign.

And whereas the fold William Cookworthy bath, byaninfrument, in writing, under bis band and foal, deferibea and ascertained the nature of tbefaid invention, and the manner in which thefame is tope performed; and bath caused the same to be inrolltd in bis Majejlfs high t evurt of chancery, within the time, and in the manner, directed by the

i said letters patent: and whereat, by a deed of ajfignment, bearing date the sixth day of May, one thousand seven hundred andseventyfour, the said William Cookworthy for the confutations therein mentioned) bath assigned all bis interest, benefit, and property, in the said letters patent, and invention, unto Richard Champion r/’bristol, merchant, his executors, administrators, and assigns: and1whereas the said Richard Champion hath been at a very confiderabkexpence, and at great pains and labour, in profocuting the fond invention 5 and by reason of the great difficulty attending a manufa&ttre upon a new principle, hath not teen able to bring the same to perfection until within this lajl.year\ and it will require further pains ^ labour, and expense to render the said invention of public utility: sat dll which trouble and expense we said Richard: Champion will not be able to receive an adequate compenjation, unless the termgranted by the said letters patent be prolonged: to the end therefore that the hid Richard Champion may be encouraged to prosecute and complete the said invention, may it please your Majesty (at the humble petition of the said Richard Champion) that it may be enabled 5 and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, andby the authority Alt the pow of the same. That all and every the powers, liberties, privileges, kms rights, benefits, and advantages, ' Which in and by

in the before he letters patent were originally given and granted to him recited Utters the said William Cookworthy, his executors, adfnihiftrators, and patent, by this assigns, and no further or greater than he, or the said Richard pfthgr^nr£d t0champion, would have been entitled to if this act had not been piont his ext made and lhe same are hereby given and granted to

cutors, C the said Richard Champion, his executors, administrators, and with a further assigns, and shall be held, exercised, and enjoyed, by him the term of j said Richard Champion, his executors, administrators, and assigns,

*tfars* for and during the present term of fourteen years granted by

the said letters patent; and from and after the end and expiration of the said term of fourteen years thereby granted, for and during the further or additional term of fourteen years, in as full, ample, and beneficial manner, in all refpect$, and to all intents and purposes .whatsoever, as he the said Richard Champion, his extcutois, administrators, or assigns, could have held and en

-

*775: ] Anno decimo quinto georgii III c.53. 11 y

Joyed the same, under send by virtue of the said letters patent for the term thereby granted, in case the said letters patent had been >

originally granted by his Majesty to him the said Richard Cham * pm, his executorsvadministrators, and assigns.

II Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared Specifications

by the authority aforesaid. That if the said Richard Champion shall ^ropor!*1* not cause to be enrolled in the high court of chancery, within tionsot th four months after pafiing this act, a specification of the mixture raw materials and proportions of the raw materials of which his porcelain is ?e idrolied* composed, and likewise of the mixture and proportions of the raw jjalncer°w?th tnaterials which com pole the glaze of the same, (which fpecifi jd months," cation is now in the hands of the lord high chancellor of Great 1

Britain;) or if the same shall not be a true and just specification.

of the mixture and proportions of the said materials; then this *! “

aft shall cease, determine, and be absolutely void, anything 0 v01 *

herein before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

III Provided also. That nothing in this act contained shall *?° be construed to hind or prevent any potter or potters, or any

other person or persons, from making use of any such raw ma;; different Serials, or any mixture or mixtures thereof, (except such mix proportions, ture of raw materials, and in such proportions, as are described in the specification herein before cureded to be enrolied,) any thins in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Public aft., this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public

aft; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LIII

Jn oft for enabling the two universities in England, the four universities in Scotland, and the several colleges of Eton, west minder, and Winchester, to bold in perpetuity their copy right in boots, given or bequeathed to the said universities and colleges for the advancement of useful learning and other purposes of education 5 and for amending so much of on a ft of the eighth year of the reign of £>ueen Anne, as relates to the delivery of books to the warehouse keeper%of the Jlationers company, for the use of the several libraries therein mentioned.

WHEREAS authors have heretofore bequeathed or given, Preamble.

and may hereafter bequeath or give, the copies of booh com pfjei by thehi, to or in truftfor one of the two universities in that part V Great Britain called England, or to or in trust for some of the alleges jer houses of learning tiiitbin the same, or to or in trust for the four universities in Scotland, or to or in trust for the several colleges of Eaton, Westminster, and Winchester, and in and by their several wills or other instruments of donation, have directed or may dire ft, that the profits artfing from the printing and reprinting such books ball be applied or appropriated as a fund for the advancement of learning, and other beneficial purposes of education within the said univer

13 fries.

118 Anno decimo quinto Georgii in. C 53. [ 177^.

flies and colleges oforesaid: and whereas such useful purposes will frequently be jrufirated, unless the Jole printing and reprinting of such book, the copies of which have been or shall be so bequeathed or given as a/oresaid, be preserved and secured to the said ujiiverfilitsy colieges, and houses of learning refpehively in perpetuity; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s moult excellent majesty, by and with the advtct and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,, this present parliament diem bled, and by the authority of tftfe Universities, same. That the said umverfities and colleges respectively shall; C in Eng at their respective prestes, have, for ever, the foie liberty of land to bav^ printing an reprinting all such books as shall at anytime here forever, the l°fore have been, or (having not been heretofore pub!i(hed or j foie right of assigned) shall at any time hereafter be bequeathed, or othjrwife printing, C given by the author or authors of the same respectively, or the have been or representatives of such author or authors, to or in trust for the shall be, be kid universities, or to or in trust for any college or house of queat^ed to learning within the same, or to or in tru(wor the said four uni tnem, verfities in Scotland, or to or in trust for the said coheges of Eton

Westminster, and Winchejler, or any of them, for the purposes unless the aforesaid, unless the same shall have been bequeathed or given, (arae have or shall hereafter be bequeathed or given, for any term of years, be!givenfor or ot^er term; any law or usage to the contrary hereof

alimited time, in anywise notwithstanding.

II And it is hereby further enabled, That if any bookfcher, After June *4, printer, or other person whatsoever, from and after the twenty prinvingor0* forth day f /****> northeast thousand seven hundred and seventy selling such five shall print, reprint, or import, or cause to be printed, rebooks shall printed, or imported, any such book or books; or, knowing the

forfeit the lame t0 be so printed of imprinted, shall fell, publi(h, or expose jtforewy°to sale, or cause to be (old, published, or exposed to sale, any (heetj ^ such hook or books; then such offender or offenders shall forfeit such book or books, and all and every sheet or (hects, being part of such book or books, to the university * or house of learning respectively, to whoip the copy of such book or books shall have been bequeathed or given as aforesaid, who shall forthwith damafle and make waste paper of them; and further, that every such offender or offenders shall forfeit one penny for every sheet which shall be found in his, her, or their custody, either printed or printing, published or exposed to sale, contrary to the one moiety to true intent and meaning of this act; the one moiety thereof to his Mrfjtffty, the king’s most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors, and tothepro(e!r ol^cr tnoiety thereof to any person or persons who shall Sue

cutor. * for the same; to be recovered in any of his majesty’s courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of felflon in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which ho wager of law, eflfoin, privilege, or protection, or more than one imparlance, (half be allowed.

/ jibing in III Provided nevertheless. That nothing in this act shall ex this act to rx tend to grant any exclusive right otherwise than so long as the tend to grant books or copies .belonging to the said universities or colleges An? exclude ' arc

1775o anno.decline quinto Georgii III c.53. 1 ig

are printed only at their own printing prefles within the said right longer universities or colleges respectively, and for their foie benefit and advantage j and that if any university or college shall delegate, phnt*d at th grant, lease, or sell their copy rights, orexclufivc rights of print presses of the ipg the books hereby granted, or any part thereof, or shall al univertmes. low, permit, or authorise any person or persons, or bodies corporate, jto print or, reprint the. same, that then the privileges hereby granted are to become void and of no effedi, in the ' lame manner as if this act not been made; but the said univer univerfines fities and colieges, as aforesaid, shall nevertheless have a right to copy

sell such copies so bequeathed or given as aforesaid, in like man mannera^any ner as any author or authors now may do under the provisions y

at the statute of the eighth year of her majesty Queen Ann.

IV And whereas many persons may through ignorance offend against this afly uriefs some provision be made whereby the property of every such book as is intended by this. sq to be ftcured to the said universities, colieges, and houses of learning within the some, and to the fold universities in Scotland, and to the refpeflive colleges sf Eaton, Westminster, and Wincheftcr, may be ascertained and known, be

it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That nothing in No person fub thit act contained shall be construed to extend to subject any jea to penal * bopkfeller, printer, or other person whatsoever, to the forfeitures cs r or penalties herein mentioned, for or by reason of the printing be^k§ ot reprinting, iiqporting or cxppfing to sale, any book or books, queatbed/un unlcls the title to the copy of such bpok or books, which has or 1 eft they be have been already bequeathed or given to any of the said univer entered before fines or colleges aforesaid, be entered in the register book of the ^unc 44, 1775* Company of stationers kept for that pqrpose, in such manner as hath been usual, on or before the tvyenty fourth day of June, one thoufimd seven hundred and seventy five; and of all and every All books that such book or books as may or shall hereafter be bequeathed or a hereafter given as aforesaid, be entered intuch register within the space of two months after any such bequest or gift shall have come to theen|ei4d within knowledge of the vice chancellors of the said universities, or two months heads of houses and colleges of learning, or of the principal of after such beany of the said four universities refpeduvely; tor every of which **

entries foto be made as aforesaid, the sum of sixpence shall be 6 d. To be paid paid, and no more; which said register book shall and may, at for each entry au seasonable and convenient times, be referred to and inspect in the registered byany book seller, printer, or other person, without any fee or bk..

and the clerk of the said company of stationers shall, ray when, and as often as thereunto required, give a certificate un without fee. dcr his hand of such entry or entries, and for every such certifi4c, crk.tog»vc cate may take a see not exceeding fixpedee. - * certificate

V And be it further enacted, That if the clerk of the faidbcinfipai company of stationers for the time being shall refuse or negletft If clerk refuse to register or make such entry or entries, or to give such certifi or neglect to cate, being thereunto required by the agent of either of the said kc cfltr>r* universities or colleges aforesaid, lawfully authorised for that pur * *

then either of the said universities or colleges aforesaid, being Proprietor of theproprietor.of suchcopy right or copy rights as aforesaid, (notice copjj

120 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 53. [1775*

like benefit at being first given of such refusal by an advertifemeht in the ga if such entry zettey) shall have the like benefit as if such entry or entries, cer had been tifkate or certificates, had been duly made and given; and the and the clerk c*cr^ re^u^ns for every such offence, forfeit twenty

shall fox feit 10i. pounds to the proprietor or proprietors of every such copyright to be recovered in any of his majesty’s courts of record at Wejb* minfier, or in the court of session in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which no wager of law, eflbin, privilege, protection, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

Clause in at 8 VI And whereas in and bf an a of parliament, made in the Ann, rccitea. fighth year of the reign of her late mojejpy Sheen Anne, entitled An at for the encouragement of learning/fcy veiling the copies of printed books in the authors or purchaser of such copies during the times therein mentioned, it is enactedy That nine coties of each hook or books, upon the bejl paper, that, from and after the tenth day of April, one thousand/even hundred and ten, should be printed and publijhedy as therein mentioned, or reprinted and published with additions, Shall, by the printer and printers thereof be delivered to the warehouse keeper of the said company of Jiationers for the time beings at the hall of the said company, before such publication madey for the life of the royal library, the libraries of the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, the libraries oj the four universities in Scotland, the library of Sion College in London, and the library commonly called The library belonging to the faculty of advocates in vjedinburgh refpesivcly; which such wareboufe keeper was thereby required, within ten days after demand by the keepers of the respective libraries, or any person or persons by them, or any of thcmy authorised to demand the said copyy to deliver the same to the use of the aforesaid libraries; and if any proprietor, book seller y or printer, or the said warebooje keeper of the said company of Jiationers, should nof observe the direction of the said ati therein, that then he and they so making default in not delivering the said printed copies as aforesaid] fhouldforfeit as therein mentioned: and whereas the said provtfion has not proved effectual, hut the same hath been eluded by the entry only of the title to a fingit volume, or of some part of such book or books so printed and publijbei, or reprinted and republijbedy as aforesaid j be it enacted by the au no person thority aforesaid, That no person or persons whatsoever Shall be subject to pe subject to the penalties in the said act mentioned, for or by ira feid'aa fbr on pr»nt*ng or reprinting, importing or exposing to sale,

printing, C any book or books, without the consent mentioned in the said any book, una (ft, unless the title to the copy of the whole of such book, aijtl lets the title to every volume thereof, be entered, in manner directed by the find wholebeen an l^c reg, ^er^book of the company of fiationers, and un tered. See. less rt*ne such copies of the whole of fudi book or books, and every volume thereof printed and published, or reprinted or republished, as therein mentioned, Shall be actually delivered to the warehouse keeper of the said company, as therein directed, fof the several use * the several libraries in the said act mentioned.,

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

*775-1 Anno detimo quinto Georgii III C 54 — 56. 121

That if anya&on or suit shall be commenced or brought against'limuaticn of any perfoo or persons* whatsoever, for doing, or causing to be aion done, anything in pursuance of this act, the defendants in such action may plead the general issue, and give the special matter General issue in evidence; and if upon such action a verdict, or if the same shall be brought in the court of fcflion in Scotland, a judgement, be given for the defendant, or the plaintiff become nonsuited, and discontinue his action, then the defendant shall have and recover his full cods, for which he shall have the same remedy as a defendant in anjr case by law hath.

* Vllk And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Publick aft. That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a pub lick act; an<hhall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, another perrons whatsoever, without (peaally pleading the same.

C A LIV

An act for paving and regulating, and for presenting nuisances and ob X ftruftions within New Gravel Lane, and the fevecaf streets, lanes, passage, anchplace®, within the parish of Saint Paul, Shadwell, in the county of Middlcsex, not comprised in an at palted iu the eleventh year of his present majesty’s reign, for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, and the other places therein mentioned.

CAP. LV

An act to explain and amend an a, paired in the fourteenth year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled, An a8 for the bettor relief and employment of the poor wttbtn the partjb of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of Middleiex» and jor building a <workbouft\ and fur fur chasing a piece of land for a burial ground, for the use of the faidparyb,

CAP. LVI

Jbt off for applying the funis provided for rebuilding the office sof the six clerks of the king’s court of chancery, by an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for rebuilding the office of the six clerks of the king’s court of chancery, and for erecting offices for the register and accountant general of the said court, for the better prefervihg the records, decrees, orders, and books of account, kept in such offices; in building offices for the said six clerks in the garden ^lincoln’s Inn, injlead of rebuilding the present six clerks office tn Chancery Lane; and for other purposes.

WHEREAS by on act of parliament, passed in thefourteenth year preamble.

of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for rebuild Aft 14 Geo. j. iflgthe office of the six cierks of the king’s court of chancery, andrecite<*v for erecting offices for the register and accountant general of the said court, for the better preierving the records, decrees, orders, apd books of account kept in such offices; it was (among other things) enafied, That out of the securities purchased with thefurphts money mentioned in the said act, and out of the tnterejl produced and to be produced from such securities, and out of the fur plus inter eft which Should arise.or be produced from securities. purchased in pursuance of

several

gl€

122

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 56. [1775.

several acts of parliament in the said act mentioned, and out of the inter ejl which Should arise or be produced from securities to be pur chased in purjuance of the/aid aft, such sum or jums of money, as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper or lords comnuf fioners for the custody of the great seal of Great Britain for the time being, Should in his or their discretion deem necessary, Should be applied, under the dtreftion of the said court, in the first place, in paying and defraying the charges and expenses attending the passing and obtaining the said act, and then in rebuilding the said office called The Si Clerks Office, with the offices belonging thereto, and in purebafutg ground and houses for that purpose, if any Should be deemed necessary by the said court, and in providing a proper place for transacting the business of the said six clerks office during the time such office Should he rebuilding; and that the ground and houses to be purebafed for the purpose of rebuilding the said six clerks office, if any Should be deemed necessary, Should be conveyed to, and vefiedin, the said six clerks, to hpld to them and their fucceffior$, for ever, in trust, for the purpofs in the said act mentioned: and whereas the office of the said six clerks, and the ground belonging thereto, is so fur rounded by houses and other buildings, that the said office is in continual danger of accidents by fire, and a fuffnient space of ground contiguous thereto cannot be obtained for rebuilding the same, detached from any dwelling houses: and. whereas the honourable society of Lincoln’*. Inn are owners of a convenient spot of ground, part of the ancient garden belonging to the said society, which will better answer the purposes intended by the said act; and the worjhipful the masters of the bench of the said society are willing, and have agreed to Jell and dispose of so much ground, part of the said garden, as Shall be necessary for the purpose of erecting the said office thereon; that is to say. All that piece or parcel of ground, situate on the east side of the said garden next Chancery Lane, abutting south on ground granted or agreed to be granted by the said society for the purpose of erecting offices for the regifier and accountant general of the said court of chancery; east in part on ground adjoining to Chancery Lane, belonging to the said society, which is to continue their property, but to be left vacant for an area, only before the six clerks office to be enclosed' with an iron pallifade railing by the said six clerks, but not to be used by them for any purpose whatsoever, and in other part on Chancery Lane aforesaid, west, on ground belonging to the said society, to be laid open, part of which, not exceeding three feet in width, for the length of eighty seven feet three inches from the south end of the same, and three feet nine inches in width for the remaining part of the said, west fidei to be enclosed with an Arm „ pallifade^ railing by the said six clerks, at ati art before the said offices,

but nit to be used by them for any purpose wjat/oeverj and north on ground belonging to the said society, (which is to be vejled in the said six clerls, under certain reflriftiotis as herein after is Mentioned, for the use of the said offices,) containing in breadth from east to west, at the south end, six ty feet of assize, and from north to south on the eafi side, one hundred andsixty one feet seven inches and a quarter of assize, with a break of two feet nine inches wefiward in the said east side, at the Affiance eighty seven feet three inches from the south end, containing

I775-l ann^decimo quinto Georgii III C 56.

123

Saining in breadth from east to west) at the north end, fifty-four feet six inches of ajsize, and in length from north to south, on the west side we hundred and sixty one feet seven inches and a quarter of ajsize, with a break eajhvard in the said west side of two feet and nine inches, it the difiance of eighty fevert feet three inches from the south end; which aimenfions are exclujtve of the footings or plinths which are allowed to projest on the Jurface of the ground on the east, north, and weftfiiesofthe same) two inches; also all that piece or parcel of ground) situate bttween the north boundary of the before mentioned piece or parcel of ground and the north wall of the said garden, containing in length from east to west, on the south side thereof next the ground) fifty far feet six inches of ajfizey abuttingfouth on the said first men timedground) east on Chancery Lane, north on the garden wall aforesaid) and west on ground belonging to the said society all which pieces or ponds of ground are situate on a parallel with the buildings now carrying on in the garden, and commence) on the fouthermoft boundary thereof at the difiance offorty two feet nine inches southward of the centre of the said buddings 5 and the said ground hath been approved as proper for the feite of the said office by the right honourable the lord high chancellor) who hath fixed a price thereon) which the find benchers have agreed to accept; but the funds provided by the said ad cannot be applied tn purchasing the said ground, and in building the said office thereon) without the authority of parliament: and in as much as the soil and freehold of the said garden is vested in trustees) upon trust) for the said society, a good title cannot be made to the said ground without the aid of parliament; be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That out of the securities purchased with the surplus mo The lord ney mentioned in the said recited act, and out of the interest chaneellor^&e. produced, and to be produced, from such securities, and out of tain^ma to the surplus interest produced, or to be produced, from securities be raised as purchased in pursuance of the several acts in the said recited aft^cntkmed 14. mentioned, and out of the interest produced, or to be produced, gco*3j^°^fbc from securities purchased in purfbanceof the said recited act, such fhj^ntuhe sum and ftims of money, as the lord high chancellor of Great laid recited Britain, or the lord keeper, or thelords commissioners for the cuf aft. tody of the great seal of Great Britain for the time being, shall, m his and their discretion.. necessary to be paid by virtue of any order or orders of the said court, and be applied under thedireftion of the said court in paying and defraying the charges and expenses attending the passing and obtaining of this act, and in purchasing the said ground belonging to the said society of Uncobfs Inn herein before mentioned and described, and in building thereon an office for the said six clerks, and the offices thereto belonging, as well as in carrying into execution the purposes of the Exception, said recited act, except so much thereof as relates to the rebuilding the said six clerks office in the place where thefame nowstands, and except sofar as the said recited act ts hereby altered or varied.

II And be it further enacted and declared. That the said parcel

124 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 56. [ 1775.

Groundbeforc cel of ground belonging to the said society, herein before mento be tioncd and described, shall, from and after the paflingof this act, six clerks to and the same is hereby vested in the said six clerks, to hom ere;; t0 diem and their successors, for ever, to the intent to erect there an cflicef&c. on an office for the six clerks, and an inrolment office, such in rolment office being now part of the building of the present six clerks office; such offices respectively to be used and employed hi such and the same manner as the said office called The Six Clerks Office, and the inrolment office, are now used and employed, and to and for no other use or purpose whatsoever * *

And whereas the said office of the said six clerks, and the offices thereto belongings and the said six clerks, and the sworn clerks, smiting clerks, and clerks of inrolment s of the said court of chancery, extending their several offices within the liberty of the Rolls in the county of Middlesex, rand in respect of their said several and respective offices, have, purfiuant to diverse acts of parliament, been taxed, rated, and affeffied, to the payment of the land tax within the said liberty, and it will be a great injury to such liberty if the said offices Shall mot continue to be rated and ajfejfed within such liberty, be it farther After removal enabled. That from and after the removal of the said offices re ibeland tax *pe<^vcty *nto the buildings foto be erected upon the ground to be paid in belonging to the said society of Lincoln's Inn, and notwithftand. the same place ing such removal, such offices shall rejpedlively continue to be and manner taxed, rated, and aflefied, for the payment of the land tax with as heretofore. jn the liberty of the Rolls only, and shall not be taxed, rated, or aflefied, within any other division, pariffi, or place whatsoever, nor shall the said offices, or any of them, be taxed, rated or assessed, for the payment of any other rates, taxes, or afieff* ments whatsoever, imposed or to be imposed, save as hereinbefore is mentioned; nor shall the said society of Lincoln's hue, be rated or taxed, for or in respect of the said offices, to any rates, taxes, or afleflfments whatsoever,

, any officer XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforefsud, That the sums ra w^cn any officer or officers belonging to the said offices (hau ed, the money neglect or refuse to pay the sum or sums of money, which shall to be recover be rated or aflefied upon them, or any of them, by virtue of any ed by diitrefr. a<sfc for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, any two or more or thecommissioners, appointed by such at for the liberty of the Rolls, shall and may certify by writing, under their hands and seals, such neglect or refusal, and the sum payable by virtue of such act, to the commifiioncrs for executing such z6t in the eounty or place where such officer or officers reside, and any two or more of such commifitoners are hereby authorised and required, upon receipt of such certificate, by warrant under their hands and seals, to authorise and empower the respective collectors of the parish or place where such officer or officers reside to diftraia the goods and chattels of such officer or officers, and the distressed or difirefies so made to detain and keep for the space of four days; and if such officer or officers do not pay the said sum or sums of money, for which such difirefs shall be made as afone said, within the space of four days, that then the said goods and

chattels

1775*1 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III 0.56, 125

chattels so diftramed as aforesaid shall and may be appraised and sold by two such honest and Efficient persons as the said commissioners who shall (ign the said warrant shall nominate and appoint, and the moneys ariflng thereby shall be paid to the col of the said liberty of the rolls, for and towards satisfaction of the said sum or fnms of money, and the surplus (if any be) shall be returned to the owner of the said goods, after the diarge of the said distress and sale shall be deduced.

*' V And whereas the fitid six clerks are pojfefjed of chambers or rooms over the said office, called The Six Clerks Office, which were an riently the reftdence of the said six clerks, but it will be greatly inconvenient and dangerous if any such chambers are erefiid over the office for the faidfix clerks to be tre5led in pursuance of this act, whereby the said six cltris will lost the benefit and emolument arising from such chambers : and whereas, by reason of the said office, called The Six Clerks Office, and the offices thereto belonging, being, in pursuance of this act, to be erected tin the said ground belonging to the faidfoci ay ^/lincoln’s Inn the ground whereon such offices nowjland will, from and after the building and removal of the said offices, be no longer applied Hr the purposes offucb offices 5 be it therefore further enacted, That After the new when atld so soon as conveniently may be after the new building „

for the said six clerks office, and the offices thereto belonging, b/completed, shall be completed, the said,, belonging to the said six the old baild * clerks, and the buildings standing thereon, shall, by order of tog and the said court of chancery, be sold, in such manner a9 the said **

shall direct, and the money to arise by (bch sale shall be101 9 *

paid into the bank of England', in the name and with the privity of the accountant general of the said court 5 and upon payment by the purchaser or purchafcrs refpedivelv of his, her, or their purchase money into the bank of England, as aforesaid, the said six clerks shall grant, convey, and deliver the said ground and premises, or such part or parts thereof respectively as shall be so sold unto such purchaser or purchasers, his, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, as the said court shall idired.

VI And be it further enacted. That upon every such sale and Upon sale and conveyance of the said ground and premises as aforesaid, the c?nv^a/lc5; money to arise by such sale or sales shall be paid by such pur faf and L chaser or purchasers, his, her, and their heirs, executors, or ad ground, pur mmiftrators, as aforesaid, into the bank of England, in the name chasers to pay and with the privity of the said accountant general of the said the.m?"ey. ^ court, to be placed to the account of money Arising by sale of the C fixatrks office, pursuant to the method prescribed by the ad ofporfuanttoaa the twelfth year of the reign of King George the First, chapter the thirty second, and the general orders of the said court, and without fee or reward Aurfuant to the act of the twelfth yearofand «» Geo.*. King George the Second, chapter twenty-fourth; and the same

shall there remain, until the same shall, by virtue of any order or orders of the said court, to be made for that purpose from time to time, be placed out in one entire sum, or in pareels, on such government or parliamentary fecuritics as in and by such order ' shall

126 Anno decimaqulnto Georgii III C 56. [1775.

shall be directed, to the intent that the interest and annual produce, arising from the money To to be placed out, may be applied for the purposes herein’after mentioned; and that the said court of chancery may, by order or orders of the said court, from time to time, change the security or bounties on which the said moneys shall be so placed out, as the said court shall think expedient. The annual VII And be it further eqacted, That the interest and annual ^one*pr<x*uce which shall arise orb produced from securities, to b bjtthe foie of purchased in pursuance of this act, with money arising by sale of the foid.pre the said ground and premises, shall, from time to time, be re mises to be ceived by the governor and company of the bank of England pai^t0.tbj<? "* and placed to the credit of an account, to be raised in the books of thei/cham t^erc for the Fuitorsnf, the said court, of interest arising bert. See. from money placed out in puffuance of this act, and shall from

time to time be paid, by virtue of any order or orders of the said court, to the said six clerks, and their successors, in lieu and recompense of the chambers so belonging to their several offices, and for the purpose>tof keeping the said offices to be eroded in pursuance of this act in proper repair, and what shall be so ordered to be paid to the said six clerks shall be considered as a freehold estate in them respectively, as coming in lieu of their said chambers

Prdvifo with VIII Provided always, That from such time as th lord high respect to the chancellor of Great Britain, lord keeper or lords coaamiflioners umg 0 of the great seal for the time being, shall deepa

'the purposes of the said recited ad, and of this act, sofar as respects the funds provided by the said recited act to be fully satisfied, and shall in testimony thereof, by an order of the said court, declare the same, and direct the accountant general of the said court not to iftue any draught, and the governor and company of the bank of England not to issue any farther sum or (urns of money out of the funds provided by the said recited act for any of the purposes aforesaid, the appropriation by the said recited ad herein before made, and of the surplus money placed to the account of interest arising from moneys placed out in purfuancp of the said act of the twelfth year of his late majesty King George the Second, and of the surplus money placed to the account of interest arising from moneys placed out in pursuance of an act of the fifth year of his present Majesty, and also of the interest of securities to be purchased pursuant to the said act of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, shall from thenceforth cease and be at an end.

res^rodif ^ prov*ded always, and be it further enacted, That no ferait parti'ofeafement, privy, or house of office whatsoever, be erededonany the buildiog. part of either of the pieces or parcels of ground herein before described above the level of the ground Apor of the said offices; and that no building whatsoever be eroded on the last mentiori* ed piece or parcel of ground to rise abpvc the level of the fprmg ing of the arches in the fronts of that bfuldings, intended to be erected by the said society, or within thirty feet of the western boundary of the said last mentioned ground; and also, that thofaid

1775o Anno decimo quinto Georgii III c.57 — 59. 127

last mentioned ground be enclosed on the western boundary by

an open iron pallifad* railing only, and those parts of the eaftem

boundary not built against be enclosed by a wail, the top of tfte

coping of which (hallbe on a level with the springing of the said

arches; and also, that the external plan and elevations of the

basement and ground story of the buildings to be credted on the

said pieces or parcels of ground do correspond with the buildings

intended to be erected by the said society; and that the chimney

(hafts be erected regularly, and be carried up to such heights as

not to annoy or be oflfenfive to the rooms or chambers in the

bid buildings intended to be erected by the said society; and

that no *adk or thing be done upori any part of the said several

premises to annoy or be offensive to any of the said chambers,

or the occupiers thereof.

X Provided also, and be it enacted; That the said society doprovifo* not erect any building or buildings whatsoever between the eft

front of the buildings now carrying on by the said society and the western boundary of the said first mentioned piece or parcel of ground.

XI And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the The offices said offices or buildings, o be erected In pursuance of this act, nd buildings and the offices or buiidiries to be erected adjoining thereto, fbr not^o'betob^ the ufc of the register and accountant general of the said ?ourt the of chancery, and all other buildings already erected, or begun, guiarions of m whiohmay hereafter be eredfced or beam or any partttf the *4 Geo. j. ground or premises oi Oid Lintolrts Inn shall not be fobjedk to all

or any of the regulations and directions contained in an adk of parliament, passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majeflty, entitled. An act for the further find better regulation of buhdihgs and parry walls * and for tbttdore tffeumuy preventing laifchiefs by fire within the cities of London and Westminster, and the liberties thereof and other the parijfre$y precinets, and places, ttriih .in the weekly bills of mortality, the parijbes of Saint Mary le Bon,

Ptddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chellea in the county 0/middlefex * and for indemnifyingunder certain conditions,

Idityers and other persons against the penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting buildings within the limits aforesaid contrary to kvo\ anything in the said adk contained to the contrary not ttithftanding.

CAP. LVII

Aft act for watering Piccadilly, from thr end of Berkeley Street to Hyde Park Gate, in the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of Middlefe*.

G A P. LVIII

An act. forjtghtiag the greets, lanes roads, and (niblick padages, within tfcetown of Hampstead, ^rnd parts adjacent within the parish of hams stead, in the county of Middlesex j and for eftabiilhing a nightly with therein, and a patroie between the said town and London.

CAP. LIX

An hft for the better relief and employment of the poor within the htrti dftch of Milford and Launditcp, in the county of Norfolk.

# CAP.

Anno decimo quinto Georgii III C 60 — 65. [>775 CAP. LX

An act for extending the duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny fteriing, payable on every pint of ale and beer vended or sold m the village of Port Glasgow abd the privileges thereof, over the town of Newark $ for supplying the inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with fresh water; for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the streets of the said two towns; for erelting public markets therein; for repairing, and keeping in repair, the breast and east and west quays ot the harbour of Port Glasgow, and other purposes therein mentioned

CAP. LXI

An act for vetting in James Watt, engineer, his executors, adminiftraton and assigns, the foie use and property of certain (team, engines, commonly called Fire Engines, ot bis invention, described in the said act, throughout his Majesty't dominions, for a limited time

CAP. LXII

An act for completing and maintaining the pier at the town of mevagif lay in the county of Cornwall

CAP. LXIII

An act for repairing the highways and bridges in the shire of Aigyll.

CAP. LXIV

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundred of euoe, in the coanty of Lincoln

CAP. LXV

An act for draining and prefervmg certain fen lands, low grounds, and commons, in the federal parishes of Rarafcy, Bury, Widow, Warboys, Somersham, Colne, and Pidley with Fenton, in the county of Huntingdon, and in the parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, within the Iflc of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

Preamble. Lands described So much of former alts as relates to the lands under this alt repealed. Fen lands, C to be under the contrail of the commissioners under this alt. Proviso deferibing the lands to be under the oontroul of commissioners till Wimblington Leam, C be widened^cc. Proviso. Lands before described to be two districts for embanking Lands divided into five diftrilts for drainage. First diftrilt for draining second diftrilt for draining. Third diftrilt for draining. Fourth diftnft for draining. Fifth district for draining. Commissioners for the general embankment. Number of commissioners for the lower diftrilt. com missioner dying, new ones to be chosen. Perpetual commissioners. Qualification of commissioners. Real owner of two. commonable housea, or ten acres of several land in upper diftrilt, may appoint a commissioner for every house, and 15 acres, pverand above whicn he pofteftes. Commissioners for draining. Commissioners for the first diftrilt; — - second di ftrilf; — third diftrilt; — fourth district; — fifth diftrilt. Every owner of 40 acres of taxable land in the first diftrilt may appoint a commissioner for every 56 acres over and above which he pofteftes. Every owner of jo acres within the second diftrilt may appoint a commissioner for every 50 acres over and above which he pofteftes. Each deputy to be owner, cof 10 acres in second diftrilt. Lords and ladies of manors of Warboys, Little Ravely, C in the third diftrilt, may appoint com missioner, C Every owner of 40 acres in the fourth diftrilt may appoint a commissioner for every 50 acres over and above which he pofiefiea; every such deputy to be owner of 10 acres. Every owner of two message or *0 acres, to appoint a commissioner for every two mefiuages and to acres over and above which he poftestes; every deputy to be owner of one message, Sec. Names of the deputies for the five diftrilt? to be inroiled one month before they aft. Time and place of meetings of commissioners.

Power

*775*3 Anno decimo quinto Georgii III c.65.

Power of adjournment, Sec, Commiffionert to rate and a fiefs upper and lower districts, not/to exceed i s. per acre in upper district, nor 3 s. per a ere in lower district. Taxes to be paid at places commissioners shall appoint, Sec, Charges of this act how to be paid. Power to lay 6 d an acre more for payment of the charges of the act, if necessary. Time and place of meetings of commissioners for draining. Commissioners empowered to afleis the districts in certain sums above the sums directed to be levied on the upper and lower districts. Commissioners of Ramsey first district itn powemi to lay further rates, for repairing of mills, and for payment of debts. Commissioners of first district empowered to jay a tax of 10s. per acre, and cammifiioucrs of second district a tax of 10s. per acre, in the first year. Tenants for life, guardians, trustees, C may charge their lands for paying the taxes and may mortgage or lease such lands as a security, Jcc. Commissioners empowered to borrow money upon the credit of the rates. The sums to be borrowed in each district. Alignments to be numbered, but none to be made tor any less fora than 501. in e£cb district. Securities may be assigned. Rates chargeable with the payment of the principal money and interest. On default of payment, rates shall vest in the creditors lifl paid. No money to be borrowed at any meeting, unless the proper number of commissioners for each dhtrift shall be present. Debts doe to John Gardener eibuire, to have priority of payment. Money due to John Waddington and John Gardener esquires, to be paid first out of the rates within the fifth district. Part of the debts under Sutton and Mepal af, cbargeab]eupon the lands taken from the control of the commissioners under the said acts. Commissioners may enclose part of Warboys commons. How the money arising from letting such enclosures is to be applied. If the money arising from letting of the enclosures is insufficient to pay the rates, the unfndofed parts liable to the remainder. If tenants refuse to pay their rents at the times mentioned in their Jeases, commissioners may recover by distress. If commissioners of third district n eg left to inftofe the commons, for 3 months, their powers. See. veiled in the commifiiorfers of the upper district. Proviso. Grounds so enclosed not to pay tithes, crates, upon Crollode common by whom to be born. Part of Somerfham common to be enclosed. How the taxes laid on Chatteris common may be recovered. Collectors may distrain for payment of taxes. If (ufficient di ftregs cannot be found on the lands, the property of persons making d fault may bediftrained in any other place; and if the money rated be not paid within five days, the goods may be sold. Tenants to pay taxes, and deduct the same out of their rent. Persons refuting to pay the rates for one month after due, to forfeit tworpence in the shilling for what is in ar.. Commissioners empowered to collect arrears of taxes under former aftsof parliament. Commissioners may take earth to support the banks, cana may cleanse, widen, and make cuts, drains, See. making satisfaction to the owners of the soil. Disputes to be settled by though justices, whole detertoination shall be final. In case of any breach, C banks may be altered. Commifijoners of the lower district for embanking, together with commissioners for the Three Hundred Acre Farm, to cut drains, erect mills, C Commissioners of lower district to make particular drains. New drains to be .begun next to the Forty Foct River. Commissioners of upper and lower districts to make (launch doors in Slade Load Drain, at the hard lands in Chatteris. Penalty on persons opening the said doors when Aut, without an order signed by commissioners. Commissioners empowered to lay taxes on the lower district for carrying on the said works, over and above all other taxes, not exceeding 10 s. the first year, nor 2s. in any other year, per acre. The style on Northey bank to oe kept in repair by the commissioners of the upper district for embanking. Commissioners for first district to make drains, and erect a mill. Proprietors of lands adjoining may erect doors next the fayi drain for letting the waters into the same. No'water to be conveyed into the said drain between the said farm and Paddock drove, nor into the division ditch between the said farm and the lands of Mrs. Kerrich. Mr. Flemming to fopport his banks. Penalty of 50i. oh cutting any of the banks. Commissioners of first district to'flop up the dike ends between Mr. Flemming and mrs*kerrich's lands, and to erect (Liles as fences, commifliaihrs empowered to .erect mills and maker. VOL. XXXI K draius

130

Anno decimo quinto ggorom III C 6$. f 1775.

drains in the second district. A drain to be made, and mitt orested, for draining Warboys common. Commissioners of the third district to place a (launch door or doors in the ditch which divides Mrs. Kerrich's land, and the West Water. If commissioners of third district (offer (launch doors to remain open more than two hours before the mill is going Ac. to pay double damage. Any person having the care of ftannch doors and suffering them to continue open more than two hours. Sec. to be com mittedi Owners may (hut the (launch doors. Scc. and keep them and the banks in repair, if commissioners refuse j and be paid their expenses bf the treasurer of the third district. No land of Mr. Wyldbore to be cut or taken for repairing; banks, except for the general embankment. Mr. wyld bore and Mr. flemming’s land, and L'rollode Common, not subject: to drainage tax. Commissioners of fourth district may erect mills next Fenton load. Commissioners of fifth district to erect in side mills for drainage, Ac. Owners of the Three hundred Acre Farm may erect mills at their own expenoe. No inside mills permitted to go till the great mills are ready for working, nor during any breach. See, of the bank, or when the great mills are disabled from going. 5i. penalty for offending. com mifuoners of Sutton and Mepal acts to drain the Three hundred Acre Farm till certain works are completed. Owners to drain, if commissioners refuse. If one grejt mill be disabled, half of the others to cease going Sec. Proprietors of adjacent lands may lay tunnels into Fenton Load and the tenty Feet Drain. Commissioners of the lower district for embanking, Scc. to make a bank from War boys Common tolhe Three hundred Acre Farm. Proprietors of Warboys High Fen to make a bank from a place opposite the Twelve Feet Drain to Wilthorn Ware. Commissioners of fourth and fifth didrifts may by tunnels to let waters out of the Forty Foot into the Twenty Feet Drain. Chatteris Commoners to erect a bridge in Chatteris Acre Fen. Moneys advanced towards carrying on tne works in the upper or lower district for embanking to be repaid out of the tuuk arising or laid in the first year. Commissioners to order a survey and map to be made. Highlands not to he charged. Manner of determining which are highlands. Persons destroying the works deemed guilty of felony. Persons cutting the works to forfeit 1001. Penalty on persons laying obstructions in drains and fifherie*. Penalty on persons allowing hogs to wander on .the banks. Persons burning the banks by careieflhess, to make good the damage. No hods to be cut within 40 feet of any banks, except in the third district Persons erecting horse mills, or any more mills than directed by this act, to forfeit 501. and 51. per day while such ereftions shall continue. No houses to be built, nor trees. See, planted, nearer to mills than 50 poles, under the penalty of too 1. Treet and holts now growing withfn 50 poles may be cut down. If owners, See. neglect to scour or repair dikes, the same to be done at their expense. Commissioners annually to view and repair such works as shall be neglected in any of the said didrifts. Treasurer of any district where default (nail be to pay all the expenses. On neglect of the commissioners for the district where any breach shall happen commissioners of the other district may repair the same. Mills to be endued. No banks, C to be taken away till) the mills are ready to work. Commissioners to appoint officers, and allow them salaries. Officers may be removed after 5 days notice. Treasurer and other officers to give security. Officers to account yearly at the general meeting, and to attend with Their books. See. Accounts passed and allowed, to be entered in two separate books, Sec. Officers of each district to account as often as required $ and in case of neglect to be committed. Proceedings to be entered in books. Orders not to be reversed, unless a certain number of commissioners be present, and the major part contenting thereto, nor unless 10 days notice he given. Justices may administer oath#i and may aft although commissioners, except where personally interested. Proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari, Sec. Plaintiffs recovering to have full colts, Sec. No plaintiff shall recover if tender of amends has been made. Penalties how to be recovered. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Ordfcrs not to be quashed for want of form. How offenders may be proceeded against. No writings to be Chargeable with stamp duty. Quorum of commissioners. Commissioners

S

: ogle

1775*] Anno decimo quinto georgii III 13 C

a&mg not being qualified to pay 501. Orie moiety to the prosecutor, and

the other for the works, How notice of meetings is to be given. Form

of conviction. Saving the rights of the commissioners of Ramsey first district.

Saving clause to the corporation of Bedford Level. Saving clause /

commissioners of Nene. Saving of rights to bodies politic, C Saving

the rights of turnpike commissioners: but not to empower them to

make any cuts for water cross the road, so as to injure the lands to be

drained by this act. Limitation of actions. General issue* Treble coils

Pablfck aft. 1

CAP. LXVI

Aaaft for draining and preferring certain land and ground in the pa. riihes of Wifbech Saint Peter's and Wiibech Saint Mary's, and in the hamlets of Wifbech Murrow and Wifbech Guy him, in the Isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge.

Preamble. Commissioners names. Time and place of the meetings of commissioners What number shall constitute a meeting. Time of first meeting. Expenses allowed to commissioners at meetings. All orders,

e. to he made at meetings only, and not to be altered, unless five commissioners concur. In case of death, See. of commissioners new ones to be chosen. Bishop of Ely, C may nominate commissioners. Certain commissioners may appoint proxies. Penalty on persons acting as coaimif fioners not being qualified. Commissioners im powered to dig and take earth from certain lands, and to setup mills, and make bridges, C to sell trees, and remove other obftruftiohs, paying for the damage. If parties cannot agree, damage to be settled by the justices. Proviio. Saving 4 j

clause. If the white mill be enlarged, tne red mill to be also enlarged

How earth may be taken away to widen the drain at Tun Green, C

Commissioners im powered to support the bank from Murrow bank to the white engine. Proviso. Bridges to be provided where necessary. Proprietors of lands lying on the north side of the drain between Little Dowgate and the red mill to have free passage over the same. Commissioners powen refpeftingthe works, and appointing of officers, C coluftors and receivers to give security, and to account at the general meeting, „ How officers refuting to account may be punished. Acre taxes to be made, and in what proportions. Proviso respecting a place called The Nine Hundred

Lands to be measured. Tenants to pay the tax, and to deduct it from * their rent. Certain persons not ihtitled to deduct the tax. If persons make default in payment of taxes, how they may be recovered. Manner of proceeding, when distress cannot be found on the lands. Lands untenanted to remain a security for the rates. Money may be borrowed not exceeding 6000i. and the rates be assigned a? a security for payment. Alignments to be entered in a book, and notified to the clerk within three,

months. Clerk's fee. Alignments may be transferred. Expenses of this act how to be paid. Rates to be chargeable with money borrowed.

Transfers or other lecurities may be without ftamp9. Penalty on persons wflfalty destroying mills, floodgates, cor permitting swine to stray on the banks, or setting nets in the drains, See. or oiherwife damaging, any other of the works. Rates, C to be entered in books. Receipts to be examined annually. Accounts allowed of to be entered in a book, which may be inspected without fee. Proceedings of commissioners to be enter, ed in books How outring or division dikes are to be maintained, See.

If owners refuse to scour, See. and remove all obstructions, commissioners may cause the same to be done, and levy the money expended by diltrefs.

Rights ot commissioners of sewers over these lands to case. Not to invalidate the Halfpenny Acre Shot. Dike reeves under commissioners of fewer! tocolleft rates already laid, except as excepted, and how to be applied.

Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble colts. Reserving rights of conservators of Bedford Level. Public aft' '

e s

Anno decimo quinto georgii III c67-^73. [1775.

CAP. LX VII

An act for amending and widening the road leading from Yarmouth Bridge through the hamlet of South Town otherwtfe Little Yarmouth, to Gorlefton, in the county of Suffolk,

CAP. LXVIII

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted in an act made in the third year of his present Majesty s reign, for repairing the road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the turnpike road leading to Stump Cross, in the counties of Cambridge and Suffolk; for repairing the road branching out of and leading from the aforesaidroad, near The devil’s Ditch, on Newmarket Heath, to join the present turnpike road which leads to Cambridge; and \ for repairing the highway, through the town Newmarket to the present turnpike road, from thence to Thetford.

CAP. LXIX

An act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An at for repairing and widening the road leading from Por- thaethwy Perry to Holyhead, in the county of Anglefea.

CAP. LXX

An act to enlarge the term and powirs of several acts for repairing the road from Beaconsfield, in the county Bucks, to Stokenchurch, | in the county of Oxford.

CAP. LXXI

An act to continue the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty fxth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the several roads in che county of pee blcs, leading from T weed’s Cross towards the city of Edinburgh, by Blithe Bridge, La Mancha, and Whem, and by Linton and Carlops, and from Inglefton, through Carlops, until all the fold toads join the limits of the county 0/* Edinburgh.

CAP. LXXII

An act for continuing and making more effectual several acts of par liament for reparing the roads from Luton, in the county of bed soul, to West wood Gate, in the said county y and from Luton to Saint alban’s in the county 0/* Hertford.

- C A p'. LXX III

An act to enlarge the term of several acts, passed in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, the eleventh year of the reign of King George the First, and the tenth, thirteenth, and thirty first years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the highivays from Old Stratford, in the county of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the county of Warwick; and for more efftftually amending the said highways.

End of Part I. Vol. XXXL

.

THE

Statutes at Hajcge,

Annodecimofexto Georgii III Regis.

Being the SECOND Session of the Pourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

by

DANBY PICKERING, of gray’s Inn, Esq;

Voi. XXXI Part II

/

L

T A A B L E

S T 0 F T H E A T U T E S

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Palled Anno decimo

GEORGII III

Being the Second Sellion of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. TOR continuing and granting to his Majesty certain x1 duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy six..

Cap. 2. For puniihing mutiny and desertion j and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 3. To enable his Majesty for a limited time to oall out and assemble the militia in all cases of rebellion within this realtn. of Great Britain, or any of the dominions thereunto belonging; and to summon the parliament in the cases and manner therein mentioned.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy six.

Cap. 5. To prohibit all trade and intercoutfe with the colonies cf New Hampjbire, majjacbufet's Bay, Rhode Ijland,

New Tori, New Jersey, Penplvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Marysand, Virginia, North, South Carolina, and

Vox.. XXXI a Gear.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Georgia, during the continuance of the present rebellion within the said colonies respectively; for repealing an af, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty to discontinue the landing and difchargtng, lading or Jhipping, of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town and within the harbour of Boston, in the province of maflachufet’s Bay; and also two acts, macjc the last session of parliament, for retraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his ma jefty to grant pardons, to iitue proclamations, in the cases, and for the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap.. 6. For giying a public reward unto such person br persons, being his majesty’s subject or subjects, as shall discover a northern passage for vessels by sea, between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans; and also unto such as shall first approach by sea within one degree of the northern pole.

Cap. 7. For the regulation of his majesty’s marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 8. For making perpetual so much of an ad, made in the eighth year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled. An act to continue and amend an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, “An act for importation of faked beefy “port, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time \ and for “allowing the importation of salted beef, port, bacon, and butter, “from the British dominions, in America, for a limited time” as relates to the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland: and also another ad, made in the fifth year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled, An act to permit tbcfree importation of cattle from Ireland.

Cap. 9. For the better relief and employment of the poos within the hundred of Forehoe, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 10. To enable his Majesty to make leases, copies, and grants of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of the duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the Tame; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 11. To continue an act made in the last session of parliament, entitled. An act to amend and render more cjfeftual in his Majesty s dominions in America an act, pajfcd in the present session of parliament, entitled, tc An act for punishing mutiny and dejertion, 44 and for the betterpayment of the army and their quarters f and sir extending the provi/tons of the said act to his Majesty* s marine fonts in America.

Cap. 12. To continue, for a further time, an ad, made in the seventh year of his present majeft/s reign, entitled. An oft to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, bogs lard, and grease.

Cap. 12. For the better fecuringa fund, belonging to certain persons or the theatre royal in drury-lane, applicable to charitable uses; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 14. For rectifying mistakesrinthe names of several of the i ' L coin

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

cpmmiflloncrs appointed by an ad, made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same session, entitled. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thcufandfeven hundred andseventy five 5 and for appointing other commissioners together with those named in the first mentioned ad, to pvit in execution an ad of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service or the year one thousand seven hundred and fc fenty six

Cap. 15. For the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within the parish of Saint George, in the county of Middlesex; and for cleansing and lighting the fquaresj streets, lanes, alleys, courts, yards, and other open passages and places; and for keeping and regulating a nightly watch within such parts of the said parish as are not within the liberty of the tower of London.

Cap. 16. For enlarging the term and powers, granted by three acts of parliament, for laying a duty of twopennies Scots upon every pint of ale and beer brewed and vended within the town of Dundee, aad the liberties and suburbs thereof, for the purposes in the said als mentioned.

'Cap. 17. For building a bridge across the river Severn from btntball, in the county of Salop, to the opposite shore at Madelrf Wood, in the said county 5 and for making proper avenues or roads to and from the same. ’

Cap. 18. For enlarging the term of letters paterit granted by his present Majesty to Elizabeth Taylor of the town of Southamp-- ten, widow, for the foie use and exercise of certain engines, tools, instruments, and other apparatus, for making blocks, (heavers, and pins, used iri the rigging of ships.

Cap. 19. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six.

Cap. 20. For the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his majesty’s ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and veflejs.

Cap. 21. To amend an at, parted in the third year of his fate majesty’s reign, entitled. An act for making navigable the rivet Stroudwater, in the county of gjoucester, from the river Severn, at or near Framiload to Wallbridge, near the town of Stroud, in the same county; and for giving other powers, for the purpose of making a navigation from Framiload to IF all bridge aforesaid.

Cap. 22. Forrebuilding the parish church of Tatdebigg, in the counties of Wotcefer and Warwick. -

Cap. 23. For the better regulation and government of thfc pilots conducting ships and vessels into and out of the port of Bojlon, in the county of Lincoln 5 and for affixing and fettirvj; down mooring posts upon the banks or high marshes within or

a 2 ad

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

'adjoining to the haven and harbour of the said port; and fof affixing and laying dovfn bridges over the creeks upon the high marffies within or adjoining to the said haven and harbour; and for preventing mischiefs by lire in the said haven and harbour.

Cap. 24. For veiling certain estates, now held in trust for the benefit of the royal hospital for feaitien at Greenwich, in the commissioners and governors of the said hospital, incorporated by his majesty’s letters patent.

Cap. 25. For lighting and watching the streets, lanes, and Other public paffagesand places, within the borough of Bojion^ in the county of Lincoln \ and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions therein.

Cap. 26. For lighting and watching the villages of Camberwell and Peikham, in the county of Surrey, and certain roads therein mentioned leading thereto; and for eftabliftiing a foot patrol between Peckham and blackman-flreet in the borough of South ’ tvark,

Cap. 27. For better cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, and other public passages, within the borough of Dorchejler, in the county of Dor Jet, and in the tithing of colliton row, in the town of Dorchejler atoresaid; for paving the footways and repairing certain horfeways of such parts thereof as are turnpike; and for paving the footways and repairing the horfeways of such parts thereof as are not turnpike; for removing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions therein; and for preventing houses or buildings, hereafter to be erected in the said borough and tithing, from being thatched.

Cap. 28. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from or near the town of Stourbridge, in the county of u^orcejler, to join the Staffordjhire and ivorcejlerjbire canal, at or near Stourton in the county of Stafford, and also two collateral cuts, one from a place called The Fens upon petifnet chase, to communicate with the intended canal near the junction of wordejlty brook with the river Stour; and the other from a place called Black Delph, upon the said chase, to join the first mentioned collateral cut at or near certain lands called The Lays, in the parifih of Kingfwinford, in the said county of Stafford.

Cap. 29. For vesting in John Liardet, clerk, his executors, administrators, and assigns, the foie use and property of a certain composition or cement of his invention, throughout his majesty’s kingdom of Great Britain, and in the colonies and plantations abroad, for a limited time.

Cap. 30. More effectually to prevent the dealing of deer, and o repeal several former statutes made for the like purpose.

Cap. 31. For fecoring a fund belonging to certain persons of the theatre royal, covent-garden, applicable to charitable uses; and for other purppfps.

Cap. 32* To enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a navigable canal from (he said navigation, on the i’outh fide^of Harecajlle% in the

county

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

county of Stafford, to Frogball, and a railway from thence to or near Galion, in the said county $ and to make other railways.

Cap. 33* To remove the danger of fire amongst the ships in the port of Brijlol, by preventing the landing certain commodities on the present quays; and for providing a convenient quay and proper places for landing and storing the same; and for regulating the said quay, and the ligliters, boats, apd other vessels carrying goods for hire within the said port of Briffol; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 34. For granting to his Majesty several duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned; and several rates and duties upon indentures, leases, bonds, and other deeds; and upon cards, dice, and newspapers; and for raising the sum of two millions by annuities, and a lottery to be attended with annuities.

Cap. 35. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred andseventy six.

Cap. 36. For the encouragement and improvement of the pilchard fishery carried on within the bay of Saint Ives, in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 37. For allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty’s sugar colonies in ame tua, and ro the island of Saint Helena, and to the other settlements belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indies, and of biscuit and peas to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with respect to advifmg or carrying into execution his majesty’s orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat, and other articles.

Cap. 38. For the relief of insolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cases.

Cap. 39. For repealing a clause in an aa, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An ass to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes 5 which relates to the counterfinking of the tyre of the wheels of all wagons, wains, and other carriages, to be used on turnpike roads; and for explaining a provision in the said act, with respect to the fellies and tyre of carriages having the fellies of the wheels of the gauge of six inches or upwards.

Cap. 40. For obliging the overseers of the poor, within the several parishes and places within that part of Great Britain called England, to make returns, upon oath, to certain questions, fpe citied in the act, relative to the state of their poor; and to authorise and require the justices of the peace, within their respective divisions and jurisdictions, in the several counties and cities in England and Wales, to take inch returns ppon oath, and to cause them to be transmitted to the clerk of the parliaments.

A TABLE of the STATUTES:

Cap. 41. For granting a bounty upon flax seed, the growth of the United Provinces or of the Aujirian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a limited time.

Cap. 42. For allowing corn, grain, and flour, imported into the port of Prtjlon, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like reftri&ionsas corn, grain, and flour is allowed to be landed at the several ports mentioned in an at, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn

Cap. 43. To authorise, for a limited time, the punishment by hard labour of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his majesty’s colonies and plantations.

Cap. 44. For suspending for a limited time, so much of an *61, made in the thirteenth year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled, An all to explain, amende and reduce into one all of parliament the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes, as is to subject carriages having the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gauge than six inches, to the payment of double tolls; and for vacating contrails for leasing tolls.

Cap. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one miilion, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 46. To enable the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to order .and allow, out of the money arising by the coinage duty, a certain sum therein mentioned, for the expense of prosecuting offenders against the laws relating to the coin, over and above the sum yearly allowed for that purpose.

Cap. 47. For the further encouragement of the whale fiftiery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the briti/h dominions in Europe; and for regulating the fees to be taken by the officers of the cuftonfrs in the island of Newfoundland.

Cap. 48. For allowing further time for the exportation of, or payment of the duties upon bugles, when warehoused upon importation into this kingdom; to empower the commissioners of the customs to order all bonds relative to that revenue, upon which no prosecutions have been had for the space of five years, (except bonds for duties, and for the good behaviour of officers in the execution of their duty) to be destroyed; and for repealing the duties upon feather beds imported into this kingdom; and for charging the same with the like duties as are payable upon feathers for beds.

Cap. 49. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking f\md, and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; for giving further relief to the widows of commission and warrant officers of the royal navy;

and

/

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, lost, j>umt, or destroyed.

Cap. 50. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justicesof the peace, or others, who have omitred to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and or giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whole admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

Cap. 51. For granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of muslins, and calicoes, imported by theeqft India company in the years one thousand seven hundred and seventy three, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy four; for allowing further time to the said company toexpofe tofale such bohea and finglo teas and coffee as remained unsold on the fifth day pf April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; and also such bohea teas as shall be imported on or before a certain time; nd for allowing the drawbacks on the exportation of such teas and coffee; and for granting further time for allowing the drawback on the exportation of coffee imported in the ship sbrew/r bury, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy three.

Cap. 52. To declare his majesty’s natural born subjects inheritable to the estates of their ancestors, whether lineal or collateral, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, notwithstanding their father or mother were aliens.

Cap. 53. To continue the corporation of the guardians of the poor within the isle of Wight, and to confirm the powers and authorities now vetted in the said corporation, and to provide new powers and regulations for the members of the same; and to repeal pn*act, passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present maj^fty, entitled. An al for eftablijking a house or houj&s of indujlry in the Isle of Wight, for the reception, maintenance, end employment of tyre poor belonging to the jevcral pari/bes and places within the said island. ’,

_ Cap. 54. To continue an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, Ati act to'prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts \) and also an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An dito prohibit the importation of light ftlr vtr coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certain Jum.

Cap. 55. To enable the trustees of certain charity lands belonging to the poor of Salford, in the county palatine of lan afer to grant building leases thereof.

a 4, Cap. 56.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 56. For supplying the borough and town of Brecbeoeh, and liberties thereof, with water; and for paving, cleansing, regulating, and lighting, the streets, lanes, and public paflaget there; and for widening and making commodious some of the said streets, lanes, and passages.

Cap. 57. For paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the borough and tdwn of Weymouth and Meltombe Regis, in the county of Dorset; and for removing all encroachments, obftru&ionsj and annoyances therein.

Cap. 58* To explain and amend an act made in the twelfth year of his ptefent Majesty, for pavings cleansing, lightings and watching, the streets and lanes in the town and parish of Chatham, in the county of Kent 5 and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; and to extend the provisions of the said act to such parts of the high street in Chatham, as are situate in the pariihes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, and to other places adjoining or contiguous to the said town.

Cap. 59. For lighting and watching the town of Portfmoutby in the county of Southampton; and for explaining and amending an ad, passed in the eighth vear of his present majcfty’s reign, for the better paving and cleansing the streets and other pub lick passages in thq said town, and for preventing nuisances and annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

Cap. 60. To amend and render more effectual an ad, made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for opening certain passages; and for paving the streets and other places, in the parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of mid dlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein; and for extending the powers of the said act to such part of a lane, called hog lane, as lies within the liberty of Norton falgate% in the said bounty.

Cap. 61. For erecting a lighthouse or lighthouses and landmarks in or near the port of Chester, and for placing buoys upon the banks and Ihoals leading into and in the said port $ and for regulating of pilots and persons towing or tracking of vessels to and from the city of Chester; and for fixing the rates payable for the same respectively.

Cap. 62. To enable the commissioners of sewers for several limits in the eastern parts of the county of Kentf more eflfedu^ ally to drain and improve the lands and grounds within the General Valleys.

Cap. 63. For widening and improving several streets in the own of mancherer\ and for opening new streets or passages within the said town.

Cap. 64. For draining, embanking, and preserving, certain fen lands and low grounds called The Parts and Alderkts, in the pariihes of Glatton and Holme in the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 65. For making the river navigable, from the rr er Trent to Btjbop's Meadow, within the liberty of Garrento

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

iti the county of Leicejier\ and for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from thence, near, or up, and into The rttjbfsj at Loughborough, in the said county.

Cap. 66. For making and maintaining a navigable canal, within and from certain lands, beloning to Thomas Talbot Foley Esquire, in the parish of Dudley, in the county of jvorcejler^ to join and communicate with the Stourbridge navigation, at a place called Black Delphi upon penfnet chase, in the parish kingfwin fori, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 67. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of an at, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, entitled. An act for repairing and widening the high roads from Basingstoke through popham lane, Sutton, Scotney, and Stockbridge, in the county Southampton, to a place called lobcomb corner in the county of Wilts; and alfa for repairing and widening the road from Spittlehoufe over Weyhill to mullen’s Pond, in the said county of Southampton; as relates to the roads from Bafngjioke to lobcomb corner in the county of

Cap. 68. To enlarge the term and powers of an as, parted in the twenty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, entitled, An ah for repairing the road from the West Cowgate, near the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, through the west end of Kenton, Pont Eland, Higham Dikes, Newham Edge, Belfay Mill, and South Middleton, to the north side of the river Wanspeck, in the county Northumberland.

Cap. 69. For continuing the term and varying the powers of two acts, palted in the third and seventeenth years of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from, that part of Chatham which lies next to the city of Rochester, to Scant Dunfiaris Cross near the city of Canterbury, in the county of Kent; and for amending and widening the road from the present turnpike road at or near a place called makenade-cornery in the parish of prejiony to bagham cross and Sha Imsford - lane endy in the parish of Chilhamy in the said county.

Cap. 70. For continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an acct, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the road leading from hors ham, in the county of Sussex, through Cape!, Dorking, mickle ham, <raileatherhead,, /0 tie watch house in Ebbisham, in the tetmty of Surry; and from Capel to stone street, in the parijb of Ockley, in the said county of Surry.

Cap. 71. For amending and keeping in repair the road from, Doncaster to the turnpike road which leads from Bawtry to Retford in the counties df York and Nottingham.

Cap. 72. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, entitled. An act for repairing and widening the roads, leading from the tali Rde 0/ltncoln heath, to the city of Peterborough : and from the east end of marham hne, to the town of 1 Wain

jf

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Walton, in the county of Northampton; and from the town of Bourn to the town of Colfterworth; and from Donnington High Bridge, to the trofs-pofl, in the parish of Hacconby; and from toe east end of a line called h[aledrove, to and through the town of Old Sleaford, to the end of long hedge, in the parijb of Quarrington, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 73. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for repairing arid widening the road from the White stoop near tie north end of the town of Derby, through the toivm of Duffield and Chesterfield, in the county of Derby, to the town of Sheffield, in the county of York j and from the said town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the town of wirkf worth, in the said county of Derby.

Cap. 74. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, made in the twenty second and twenty-ninth years of the reign of King Gccrge the Second, ir repairing the road from wansford bridge, in the county of Northampton, to the town and borough of Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, and from Stamford to Bourn in the said county; and for repairing and widening the road from the north end of the bridge, to a gate called Scotgate in Stamford, and from the termination of the turnpike road in the parish of Bourn, to the market cross in Bourn.

Cap. 75. For repairing and widening the road from the market cross in the township of Clithero, to salford bridge in the town of Blackbourn, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 76. To continue and render more effectual several acts of parliament for repairing the highways leading to Rigbgate gate koufe and Hampjlead, and other roads in the Said acts mentioned, in the county of Miidlefex\ and also to continue and render more effectual, An oft to enable the respective trujlees of the turnpike reads leading to highgate gatehoule and Hampstead, and from Saint giles’s pound to Kilboume, to make a new road from the great northern road at Islington to the Edgeware road near Paddington, sofar as the same is by the said act diredied to be under the care and management of the trustees of the said first mentioned acts;; for making a road from the said new road, near £)ueerfs rowy to bagnigge wash, and for watching, lighting, and watering, the said roads.

Cap. 77. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed jn the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Seconder repairing the road leading from the to wn of Ludlow, in the county of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a place called monk’s bridge, in the said county; and also from the said town of Ludlow to a place or house gaoled The Maidenhead at Orleton, in the county Hereford.

Cap. 78. For continuing the term, and altering, explaining, and enlarging the powers of an act of the twenty sixth of King George the Second, for repairing abd widening several roads therein mentioned in the county of jvorcefier, and for repealing

4o

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

lb much of an act of the seventh year of his present Majesty, as relates to the road from Knight sford bridge to a certain house at Red Mar lay ^ in the parish of Great Witky, in the said county, and for putting the same under the mapagement of the trustees for executing the said first mentioned aft; and for amending other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 79. For continuing and enlarging the terms and powers of two several acts of parliament respecting roads near the borough of ajhburton, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 80. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, patted in the fifth year of his present majesty’s reign, for repairing and widening the road from the Great Bridge in the borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the town of Northampton.

Cap. 81. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, patted in the twenty seventh year of the reign of.his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for repairing and widening the road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to martyn’s Gutter leading towards Stoneleigh town \ andfor fapplying an omijfton in an act passed in the lafl Jeffton of parliament, for repairing the road from Leicester to aqiby de la zoucb, in the county of Leicester; sofar as the same relates to the Road from' Coventry, through Kenilworth to Warwick, nd from the said city of Coventry to Martyn's Gutter.

Cap. 8a. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, patted In the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, sofar as relates to repairing the road from Tadcajler to halton dyal, in the west riding of the county of dferi.

Cap. 83. For repairing, widening, and altering the road from the termination of the present turnpike road at Elfdon high cross, near the town of Elfdon, in the county of Northumberland, on the north cast side of the river Reed, through Overacres, Elifhaw, and Catcleugh, to the Red Swyre upon the mid border betwixt England and Scotland.

private acts.

f A N act for naturalising Frederick Moiling and John George jljl Bindheifen.

2. An act for naturalising Peter Henry Baleman.

3. An act to enable the right honourable Robert Crags lord yifeount Clare, and the right honourable Wellbore Else, to take,

in

A TABLE of the STATUTES:

trt Great Britain, the oath of office as vice treasurer, and receiver-general, and paymader general, of all his majesty’s revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the eu joyment of the said offices.

4. An act for naturalising John Martin Fujhs.

5. An act for naturalising Francis Anthony Rougemont.

6. An act for naturalising Anthony Ten Broeie.

7. An act for dividing and enclosing certain commons, or pieces of wade ground, in the parishes of Bonfall^ Wirkfwortb9 and Matlock, in the county of Derby.

8. An act for naturalising Nis Niffen and Christopher Gabriel Marwade.

9. An act for naturalising johnwiltiam Paul and Claes Grill.

10. An act for naturalising Charles $>uijlf

, 11. An act for veding certain tneituages, lands, and hereditaments, in the feverat cpunties of Durham, Middlesex, Berks, and Suffix, and in the city of London (part of the freehold and copy hold edates devised by the will of George Bows esquire deceased)) trudees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the money to arise thereby in the purchase of other messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be settled to the famq uses.

12. An act for veding the advowson of the redory of pew fey, in the county of ipilts (part of the estate comprised in the marriage settlement of Stephen late lord Holland, deceased) in trudees and their heirs, in trud, to be sold, and for laying out the money to arise thereby in finishing and completing a man (ion house at Winterflow, in the same county.

*3. An act for veding certain leasehold pieces of ground, in the parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the county of Middle sex, together with a capital message built on part thereof, devised, by the will of sir John Hales baronet, deceased, in trudees, in trud, to assign the same to Henry Herbert esquire, pursuant to an agreement for that purpose, and for applying the consideration money in such manner as in the act is mentioned.

14. An act to subject and charge the prebend of Marjlon Saint Lawrence, in the county of Northampton, and the lands, tenements, and hereditaments thereunto belonging, to and with the payment of two several perpetual yearly rent charges to doctor Everard Buckworth, and his fuccenors in the said prebend; and for diveding the see simple and inheritance thereof out of him and his successors, and for veding the same, so charged, in John Blencowe esquire, his heirs and auigns,

15. An act for dividing and incloiing the open fields, meadow, padure, and other commonable and wade grounds, within the liberties of Gunby and North ivitham, in the county of Lincoln.

j6. An act for exchanging certain lands, in the parish and liberties of Spaldwick with Uptbrope, for other lands, in the panto

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

till of Long Stow, in the county of Huntingdon, in the manner, jnd for the purposes therein mentioned,

17. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open common fields, ings, common pastures, and other commonable lands, within the townships of Jfferby and Goulceby, in the county of Lincofa.

18. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and also a certain parcel or trad of common and waste land called The Link, and other common and waste land, within the manor and parish of Leigh, otherwise Lay, in the county of

Worutler.

19. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, heath, fid waste grounds, within the parish of Duflou, in the county of Northampton.

20. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open and com mon fields, common meadows, commonable pastures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the parish of Lidding

and hamlet of Medbowrn, in the said parish of Liddington, in the county of Wilts.

21. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and commonable lands, within thetownlhip, hamlet, precinets, or liberties of Blackthorn, in the parish of Ambrofden, in the county of Oxford.

21. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, in the parish of Defborough, in the county of Northampton.

23. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open common fields, meadows, pastures, ings, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the parish of Raithby, near Spilfby, in the county of Lincoln.

24. An act for dividing and enclosing the several commons and waste grounds, within the manor of Rufbton Speneer, in the parish of Leek, in the county of Stafford.

25. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, and commonable grounds, within the town ship or liberty of Sutton Saint michaets otherwise Sutton Bonington, commonly called Bonington End, in the county of Nottingham.

26. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Odel, in the county of Bedford

27. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common field, and other commonable lands and grounds lying within the parish and liberties of jvarmington, in the county of Warwick.

1$. An act for dividing and enclosing the common or waste ground, called Boreham ivbod Common, in the parish of Eljlree, Qjherwife Idlefiree, in the county of Hertford.

2gti An ad For dividing and enclosing the. open fields, meadowy

3d by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

dowsj commons and waste grounds, in the parish of Becking* ham, in the county of Nottingham

* An act for enabling the honourable George Hobart to enclose the heath lands, field lands, and low commons, or fen ground?, in the parish of Notion, in the county of Lintoln; and for vesting the glebe lands, vicarial tithes, and right of common, belonging to the vicarage of Notion aforesaid, in the said George Hobart, and for making a compensation to the vicar of the said parish in lieu thereof.

31. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of Upton, in the county of Lincoln.

'22. An act for dividing and enclosing the several commons and waste grounds, within the manor of Lea, in the parifties of ajhover Crick, and Southwinfield, in the county of Derby.

33. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing certain commons and waste lands, called ajhwood Hay and jvall Heath, and several other parcels of waste lands and commonable places, part and parcel of ajhwood Hay, situate within the manor and parish of Kingfwinford, in the county of Stafford.

34. An act for extinguiftiing the right of soil and right of common upon certain pieces or parcels of common or waste land, in the manor and parish of Cletver, in the county of Berks; and for vesting the same in his royal highness the duke of Gloucester, his heirs and assigns, upon tlfe conditions therein mentioned.

35. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, pastures, and commonable and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Dorfmgton, in the county

of Gloucester.

36. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons or waste grounds, within the vill, hamlet, or township of Little Harwood, in the parish of Blackburn, and county of Lancaster.

37. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common field, and other commonable lands and grounds, lying within the parish and liberties of Alkerton, in the county of Oxford.

38. An act to enable Francis Ferrand Moore esquire, now called Francis Ferrand Foljambe, and his heirs male, to take and use the surname and arms of Foljambe, pursuant to the wills of Francis Foljambe and Thomas Foljambe, esquires deceased.

39. An act to enable Edward John Andrews Cockayne, and hit issue, to take and use the surname and arms of Frith only, pursuant to the will of Neighbour Frith esquire, deceased.

40. An act for naturalising Charles Godfrey jvolff and Joig adamhecker.

41. An act for naturalising John Liardet.

42. An act for naturalising Lewis Vialletes Bajlide.

43* An act for naturalising John Hoffman.

44. An act for vesting several detached parts of the settled estates of sir James \ibbeijon baronet, in trustees, to be sold, * and V for

\

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

for the application of the money to arise by stich sale, and other purposes therein mentioned.

45. An adtfor impowering Richard Hoare esquire, the surviving truftce named in the will of Mary Arnold, his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, to make sale of a certain copy hold mefiuage or tenement at Hampfiead, in the county of Middlesex, with the appurtenances, and the household goods and furniture thereunto belonging, veiled in him by the said will, upon certain trulls therein expressed and to invert tit money, to arise by such sale, in the purcliafe of lands or tener ments, to be settled in like manner.

46. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, in the parishes and liberties .of Hartwell and Stone, in thp county of Buds.

47. An act for ascertaining the landed property as well of th reverend the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Chrijt and the Blessed Mary that Virgin at Worcester, as of others, iituat# in the hamlet of Charlton, in the parish of Cropthorn, in th county of worcejier\ and for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, and other commonable Jand^ within the fam# hamlet.

An a for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, in the hamlets of Bar tom and Martcleeve, in the parish of Bidford% and county of Warwick.

49. An at for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and all other commonable land within the parish of Great and Little Hampton, in the county of Worcester.

50. An a for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the common fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in th manor and parish of North Hinifeyy otherwise Ferry Hinifey, in the county of Berks.

51. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain common and waste grounds, within the parish of Brougham, in the county oc Westmoreland.

52. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common

fields, and commonable grounds, within the panlh of btunting tharpe, in the county of Lcicejler. <

53. An al for dividing, apportioning, and enclosing the open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds,, within the manor and parish of Nettlehamy in the county of Lincoln.

54. An act for vesting part of the estates devised by the will of Sarah Owen, spinster, deceased, in the counties of Salop, and Montgomery, on truftoes, to be sold; and for laying out the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of other messuages, lands, and hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the like uses.

55. An at for discharging part of the estate of Nicholas tvrigglefworthy and Ayfcoghe Wrigglefw or th, his eldest son, from ibe payment of 2 yearly sum of thirty-five pounds, given by sir

Ed

A

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Edward Barkham, long since deceased, to charitable uses, and of and from other encumbrances; and for charging the same re (peftively upon a competent part of the estates of the said Nicholas Wrigglefwortb and his son; and for veiling the residue thereof in trustees, to be sold, for the payment of debts, and other the purposes therein mentioned.

56. An act for settling certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the parishes of Saint Mary le Bone and Saint Pancras, or one of them, in the county of Middlesex, to the uses agreed to be thereof limited, in the settlement made on the marriage of Jacob Hinde esquire, with Anne Thayer, now Anne Hindi, his wife, with power to make/uch leases thereof as in the said act are mentioned.

57. An act for vesting a leasehold message, in grosvenor square.. the parish of Saint George Hanoversquare, in the county of Middlesex, bequeathed by the will of Edward Rudge esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and other the purposes therein mentioned.

58 An act to enable William Clayton esquire, during his life, and the guardians of his infant children after his decease, to make building and improving leases of certain lands and premises, part of the manor of Kennington, in the county of Story, held by letters patent from his Majesty, as part of the duchy of Cornwall; and to raise money for payment of the fines and expenses of renewing the said letters patent, and for defraying the expenses to attend the granting such building and improving leases.

59. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of John Newnham esquire, in the counties of Huntingdon, Middlesex, and Suffix, and in the cities of London and Canterbury, in trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other estates, in Iteu thereof, to be settled to the same uses.

60. An act to discharge certain lands, heretofore part of the estate and inheritance of Thomas Eyre, esquire, deceased, situate within the lordship of High Peak, in the county of Derby, from the payment of a certain fee farm rent of one hundred pounds a year; and for feturing the same on other parts of the said estate.

61. An act for enabling the trustees named in the will of William Sterne deceased, to sell and convey a leasehold estate, veiled in them by the said will, upon certain trulls therein mentioned, to George Hodgkinfon esquire, pursuant to articles; and to lay out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands or hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses.

62. An act for enabling Cbriftopber Sykes esquire, to raise money by way of charge or mortgage upon diverse lands and grounds, in the parish of Sledntere, in the county pf York, part of the settled estates of the said Cbrijlopher Sykes, on the improvement intended to be made by him thereof; and for limiting a rent charge thereout to Elizabeth Sykes his wife, in lieu pf her

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

life estate in part of the same lands and grounds, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

63. An act for dividing, ' allotting, and enclosing, the open undivided common fields and common pastures, within the several townchips of Stonegrave, iveftnefs^ and Nunnington, in the north riding of the county of York.

64. An act for dividing and enclosing a common, or moor, called Wooller Common, in the parish of fvooller, in the county of Northumberland.

65. An act for dividing and enclosing the Open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Ickleford, in the county of Hertford.

66. An act for dividing, enclosing, and improving the waste and common grounds in the township of Stainburne^ in the parish of Kirby Overblow, in the county of York.

67. An act for dividing and enclosing the open arable fields, meadows, and pastures, within the township of Suttonjipon Derwent, in the cast riding of the county vf York.

68. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common padures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parish of fvalgrave^ in the county of Northampton.

69. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, of and jvithin the parish, and liberties of yelver toft in the county of Northampton.

70. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, within the parish and liberties of Clipflon and Newbold, otherwise Nobald, in the county of Northampton.

71. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open fields, meadows, stinted common pastures, free commons, and waste grounds, within the townships of Cktrebrougb and jvelham, in the parish of Clarehrough, in the county of Nottingham.

72. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, within the parish and liberties of Great Bowden in the county of Leicester.

73. An ad' for dividing and enclosing certain open and uncultivated lands and tracts of waste ground, called Croweomhe, Heathftld, and Heddon, and parcel of ^uantock Hills, within the parish of Crowcombey in the county of Somerset.

74. An act for dividing and enclosing several open common fields, woods, and average grounds, ings, marshes, carrs, commons, and other waste lands, and grounds, within the several manors and parishes of Cawood and jvijlow^ in the county of York.

75. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, within the lord ships and parish of South and North kevingholmftsxi the county of Lincoln.

Vot. XXXI b 76. An

e '

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

7*6. An ad fdr dividipg, allotting, and enclosing of the common fields, half year enclosures, heaths, brooms, breaches, commons, and wade lands, within the parish of Coney Wejlen, in the county of Suffolk.

77. An act for dividing and enclosing the open or common fields, common moors, common meadows, common pastures; and other commonable lands, within the parish of Ifton, in the county of Monmouth.

78. An act for dividing and enclosing the common arable fields, common meadows, common pastures, moors, commons, and waste grounds, in the manor of Mulgrave, within the pariftt of Lyth, in the north riding of the county of Tori.

79. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parish of Yardley Hajlings, in the county of Northampton.

80. An act for dividing and enclosing the common arable fields, commons, and wade grounds, within the manor and township of Amotherby, in the parish of Appleton in the Strut, in the north riding, of the county of Tori.

81. An act for dividing and enclosing the federal open and common fields, common heath, common pasture, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Welby, in the county of Lincoln.

82. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain common or uninclosed piece or parcel of commonable land or ground, within the' manor or parish of West Hondo, in the county of Essex.

83. An act to confirm and establish the division and indofure of an open arable field, in the parish of Screveton, in the county of Nottingham; and aifo several exchanges of lands within the said parish.

84. An act to diflblve the marriage of John Elliot doctor in physic, with Grace Dalrymple his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

85. An act to diflblve the marriage of Charles Homed efquirt, .with Sarah Keppel his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

86. An act to diflblve the marriage of Thomas Williams with Ann Lantwart his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

87. An act to amend an act, made and passed in the fourteenth year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled, Anaftti enable John Medows the elder, gentleman, and his issue male, U take the surname and arms of Theobald, purfudnt to the will if Elizabeth Theobald widow, detea fed \ and also to enable John Medowsj eldest fbn of the said John Medows, (now John Theobald) and the heirs of his body, to take the said surname, and

- bear the said arms of Theobald.

88. An act for naturalising Henry Lawrence Zind.

89. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

89. An act for naturalising John Alexander De mor/ter.

90. An act for naturalising Engelbert Mulbaufen.

91. An act for naturalising Marie Magdelqine Chevalier.

92: An act for vetting in trustees the settled estate of the mod noble Peregrine duke of Ancqflkr and Kefteven> in the county of York, to discharge encumbrances affecting the same, and other part of the said settled estates; and for purchasing of ettates9 to be settled to the several uses therein mentioned.

93. An act for vetting the free school house, dwelling house for the matter and usher, dose, and other premises thereto be longing, in Courtenball, in the county of Northampton, in sir will Ham Wake baronet, and his heirs, upon the conditions therein mentioned.

94. An act for the sale of the estates of sir Chariot Whitwortbr m the county of Somerset and for exonerating the same, and his estates in the county of Kent, from the portions of his younger children, provided by his marriage settlement.

95. An act to enable William Mafterman and Thomas Francis, esquires, to make a title tocertain leasehold and copyhold estates of Tbomao Nuthali esquire, deceased.

96. An act for sale of part of the estates late of John Leigh.

clquire, deceased, for payment of mortgages, and other debts, to which the said estates are liable; and for other purposes therein mentioned' '

An act for vesting the settled estates of Robert Dolman esquire, and Robert Dobnan the younger, in Pocklington and *lfe woere, m the county of York, in trustees, to be sold 5 and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the lame uses:

98. An act for vesting an estate in the county of Middlesex,, was settled by Richard Onflow esquire, deceased, on his marriage with Poolley Walton, in trustees, in order that the same may be conveyed to Matthew Winter and his heirs, pur scant ter an agreement made by him for the purchase thereof \ and for investing the purchase money in three per centum consolidated bank annuities; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

99. An act for confirming the settlements made by Charles Vtre Dajbwood esquire,, satisfaction of certain articles entered into by him previous to bis marriage, and during his infancy; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

100. An act for vesting the .settled estates of William upfolj, gentleman, in the county of Middlesex, and city of London, in trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses.

101. An act for vesting two sixth parts of the estates late of Stanhope Mason, gentleman,, deceased, in England and Ireland, in trustees, to be sold; and for purchasing other estates, to be settled in lieu thereof,

t k 2

102. An

, A TABLE of the STATUTES.

102* An act for veftmg several estates late of Samuel Shephard of Exning, in the county of Suffolk esquire, deceased, in truftoes, to be sold; and for purchasing other estates, to beconveyed to the like uses; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

103. An act for dividing and allotting certain open and common fields, downs, and commonable grounds, in the tithing or liberties of Eaflbuij, otherwise Ifiury^ and Blagrove^ in the pafrth of Chipping Lambome, in the county of Berks.

104. An act for dividing and inciofing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other common able lands, of and within the parish and liberties of Critic m the county of Northampton.

105* An act for dividing and inciofing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and in Over Weedon Beck and Nether Weedon Beck within the parish and liberties of jvoeden Seek, in the county of Northampton.

106. An act for dividing and inciofing certain oppn common fields, stinted pastures, ami common moors or waste grounds, within the manor and parish of corhdge, in the county of Not thumberlond.

< 107. An act for dividing and inciofing the open arable fields, meadows, pastures, carrs, and other open lands and grounds, within the townftiip pf Fojlon, in the east riding of the county of York.

108. An act for dividing and inciofing the several open fields, common pastures, common and other waste lands and grounds, within the township of Bilton, in the county of York.

log. An act to dissolve the marriage of sir Thomas Charles Brno bury baronet, with the right honourable lady Sarah Lenox his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

no. An act for revefting part of the real and personal estates of the mod noble George duke of Saint Albans in him, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

hi. An act for vetting the real estates comprised in the marriage settlement of Thomas lord Montforti situate in the counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, and the woods, underwoods, timber, and other trees, growing and being thereon, in trustees, and their heirs, 10 trust, to be sold and disposed of in manner therein mentioned; and for applying the moneys to arise by sale thereof in the manner therein also mentioned.

112. An act for the sale of a Jeafehqld estate, late belonging to sir John Abdy baronet, deceased, at Btjbofs Cannings in the county of fvtfts, and of timber trees growing on his estates in the county of Essex and also of his medals and coins, for paying off and discharging certain encumbrances affecting his real estates in Essex; and for laying out the residue of the moneys arising by such tale in the purceafe of lands, to be settled to the same uses as his estates in Essex now stand settled by bjs will.

1x3. Aa

A TABLE cf the STATUTES.

\

II J. An A for applying the money to arise by sale of Certain mefibages situate in Gbeapftde, in the city of London, be vised by the will of Edmund Efiaurt efqutre, deceased, to trustees, to be sold, in the building a mansion houfeupon the fete'ed ' estates late of the said Edmund Efcourt, at Sbipron Moyne and Bevel, in the county of Ghuctfer, together, with the ® anerials of the ancient mansion house now Handing thereon.

114. An act for veftmg the settled estates of Peter John mey fwarfesquire, in the ffieef Man, cahcri The Nunnery, in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the money arising by inch tale in the pur chase of lands and hereditaments, in that put of Great Britain called England, to be settled tn lieu of the said estates ia the jjjkef Man, intended to be sold.

it. An ad sot vesting certain manors, messuages, hndvand hereditaments, in thefevml counties of jiftddlefox% Surrey, Southampton, and Norfolk, the freehold, copyhold, and leasehold estates, late of John Albert Bentinck esquire, deceased, in trustees in trust, to sell, mortgage, or exchange, any part or parts thereof \ and for applying the money to arise thereby in discharging encumbrances, and making ouildings and improvements on the said estates, and in completing purchases of lands agreed forby the hid John Albert Bentinck, and for other purposes; and for laying out the residue of such money in the purchase of other manors, lands, or hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses as are now subsisting concerning the same.

116. An act for vetting part of the settled estates of Henry sta pihen esquire, at Wighill, in the county of the city of York, in the said Henry stapiuon, in fee simple; ancf for settling in lieu thereof other land and hereditaments of the said Henry stapil ten, lying contiguous to, and fnterfperfed with, the remainder of the said settled estates, and also the tithes thereof and of such remainder, to the same uses.

117. An act to enable certain persons, during the successive minorities of sir William Molefworth baronet, and his brothers, to grant leases of the estates devised to them by the will of sir tviu liam Monte baronet, deceased.

it. An act for vesting certain estates in the counties of Wilts and Somerset, late belonging to John Smith esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold for payment of his debts, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

119. An act for settling and securing certain parts of the lands aod barony of Corfemichael, called Greenlaw, and others, lying in the stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in favour of Ifibel Gordon of Culvetwan, widow of William Gordon of Greenlaw esquire, for her life, and to and in favour of Alexander Gordon of Culvennan esquire, her eldest son, and the same series of heirs, in fee tail, aod under the same conditions and limitations as are mentioned and contained in a deed of entail, made in the year one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, by John Macculloch of Barbolm, and Jean Gordon his wife; and for vesting in the aforesaid Alexander e Gordon

*

A TABLE 6f the STATUTES.

Gordon and his heirs and assigns, in fee simple, the estate of qd vemtan, and others, lying in die county of Wigton, together with the him of one thouund nine hundred and seventy one pounds sterling.

120. An a to enable John Whitfield esquire, to charge part of his settled estates in the county of Northampton, in the manner therein mentioned.

121. An act to enable the rector of the parish church of Ha

therop, in the county of Gloutester, to exchange part of his glebe lands there, for other lands more conveniently situated, the property of Samuel Blackwell esquire, in the hamlet, of williamjirip, adjoining to the said parish of Hather

122. An at to diuolve the marriage of the reverend John tins clerk, with Mary Jenkins his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

E N D of the TAB LE.

THE

THE

S T A T U T E S at Large, canno

regni G E O R g11 III Regis, Magna Britannia, Francia,,

decimo sexto.

AT the parliament begun and held at west minster, the twenty-ninth day of November,

Amo Domini 1774, in the fifteenth year of the reign

of our sovereign lord GEORGE Third, by the

grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,

King, defender of the faith, C And from thence

continued by several prorogations, to the twenty sixth

day of Ottober, 1775; being the second session of the fourteenth parliament of Great Britain,

CAP. 'I.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year on thouund seven hundred and seventy six.

CAP. II

Aa a for puniftfing mutiny and desertion \ for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. III

Jn act to enable his Majesty for a limited time to toll out and ajfemhlt the militia in all cases of rebellion within this realm of Great Britain, or any of the dominions thereunto belonging; and to summon the par liament in the cases and manner therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by on act made in the second year of the reign Preamble.

his present Majesty, (entitled, An adito explain', amend, igeo.j. and reduce into one at or parliament the several laws now in recited, being, relating to the raising and training the militia, within that part of Great Britain called England it i;, amongst other things

(s 2 en

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C [177s.

enabled That in case of actual invasion, V upon imminent danger thereof or in case of rebeilion, it may and Shall be lawful for his ma jeflyy his heirs and successors, [the occofton being first communicated to parliament, if the parliament hall be then sitting, or declared in council and notified by proclamation, if no parliament hall be then fittingf or in being) to order and direct his or their lieutenants and deputy lieutenants therein mentioned, with all convenient speed, to draw out and embody all the regiments and battalions of militia of their re jpefiive counties, ridings, 0r pizm, or so many of them as his Majesty his heirs and fuccejjors> hall judge necejfaryy in such manner as Shall be befi adapted to the cireumfiances of the danger, and to dir eft them to be employed in such manner as is therein more particularly mentioned: and whereas it might be of great public utility, that the militia of this kingdom Should be drawn out embodied, and employed as aforefaiay upon occasion of the present rebellion in America, or of any rebellion that may hereafter arise in any of the dominions of toe crown of Great Britain, that his Majesty may be the better enabled to employ his other forces for the fiupprejfing of such rebeilion, and at the same time to provide for the defence of these kingdoms; be it therefore enatfed by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the hi$majesty, .same, That in all cases of rebellion within this re*im of Great C in case of Britain, or any of the territories or dominions thereunto belong r^lhon.may jng? (the occasion being first communicated, declared, and noti niilitia^ thc as ns pr0v1ded), it shall and may be lawful for

9 his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to order and direst all the regiments and battalions of militia, of the refpeltive counties, or places in this kingdom, or so many of them as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall judge necessary, to be drawn out, embodied, led, and employed, in any parts of this kingdom, in such manner and upon the like terms, conditions, and regulations, to all purposes and effects whatsoever, as in the said a are provided in the cases therein mentioned,

II Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority afore and n(ternble said. That if at any time (in case of any rebellion within this the pariia realm of Great Britain, or any of the territories or dominions inent, on thereunto belonging), the parliament shall happen to be fepa* ay rated by such adjournment or prorogation, as will not expire within fourteen days, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to issue a proclamation for the meeting of the parliament, upon such day as he or they shall thereby appoint, giving fourteen days notice of such appointment, and the parliament shall accordingly meet upon such da), and continue to (it and aft in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the same day.

in, Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority afore this a to said. That this act shall continue and be in force for the space

continue in of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next fef*

)eauf0rfevcn on ^ and no longer,

CAP,

*77*50 Anno decimo sexto.georgii HIC. 4, 5. 135

CAP. IV

An a for granting an aid to hit Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fervke of the year one thoofand seven hundred y and seven ty iix. Four Shillings In the pound.

CAP, V

An at to prohibit all trade and intercourse with the colonies of New Hamplhire, maffachufet’s Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut,

New York, New Jersey, j^ensylvania, the three lower counties oh Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of thr present rebellion within the said colonies rejpectivcly; for repealing an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town and within the harbour of B oft on, in the province of maffachufet*s Bay; and also two acts, made in the last session of parliament*for refraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant pardon s, to issue proclamations, in the cases and for the purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS many persons in the colonies New Ha m p(hire, Preamble, maflachufet’s Bay, Rhode Island, connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three lowes counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, have Jet themselves in open rebellion and defiance to the just and legal authority of the king and parliament of Great Britain, to which they ever have been, and of right ought to be subject; and have cjfimbled together an armed force, engaged his Majejlfs troops, and attacked his forts, have ufurpedthe powers ofgovernment, and prohibit ti all trade and commerce with this kingdom, and the other parts of his Mqjeftys dominions: for the more Jpeedily and effectually sup preffmg such wicked and daring designs, and for preventing any aid, supply, or affstance, being sent thither during the continuance of the said rebellious and treasonable commotions, be it therefore declared and enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au,, „ of the same, That all manner of trade and commerce is All trade and and shall be prohibited with the colonies of New Hampfbtre, commerce Maffacbufet's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jtr ^ouvcolon^s" fey, Pensylvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Mary prohibited, ** land, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, anii* Georgia, and on pain of for that all ships and vessels of or belonging to th inhabitants of future of vef the said coionics, 'togethef with their cargoes, apparel, and fur j cargoes, niture, and all other ships and vessels whatsoever, together with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture, which shall be found trading in any port or place of the said coionics, or going to trade, or coming from tracting, in any such port or place, shall become forfeited to his Majesty, as if the same were the ships and

L 3 effefle

136 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 5. [1776.

effects of open enemies, and shall be so adjudged, deemed, and taken in all courts of admiralty, and in all other courts whatsoever.

Proviso. II Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled and declared

by the authority aforesaid. That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to such ships and vessels as shall be actually retained or employed in his majesty’s service, or to such ships and vessels as shall be laden with provjfions for the / use of his majesty’s fleets, armies, or garrisons, or for the use of

the inhabitants of any town or place garrisoned or possessed by any of his majesty’s troops, provided the mailers of such ships and vessels respectively shall produce a licence in writing, under the hand and seal of the lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or of three or more commiflloners for the time being for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or of the commanders of his majesty’s fleets or armies, or of the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief of any of his majesty’s colonies or provinces not herein before mentioned, specifying the voyage in which such ship or vessel shall be employed, and expressing the time for which such licence shall subsist and be in force, and also expressing the quantity and species of the said ftoresand provisions on boa^d: and it any goods, wares, or merchandizes, other than (lores and provisions for his majesty’s use, or provisions for the use of the inhabitants of any town or place garrisoned and possessed by his majesty’s n troops, hall be found on board such ships or vessels, (the

necessary (lores for the (hip’s use, and the baggage of ihe pafc fengers, only excepted), in any or either of those cases, the said goods, wares, and merchandizes shall be forfeited, and shall and may be (Seized and prosecuted in the manner herein after directed.

III And) for the encouragement of the officers and seamen of lit Sole property Majeftfs fhtps of war, be it further enabled. That the flag offi of all prizes Cers, captains, commanders, and other commissioned officers in cj^to m lhc majesty’s pay, and also the seamen, marines, and soldiers on * r board, shall have the Cole interest and property of and in all and every such ship, vessel, goods, and merchandise, which they shall seize and take, (being first adjudged lawful prize in any of his majesty’s courts of admiralty), to be divided in such proportions, and after such manner, as his Majesty shall think fit to order and direct by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be issued for those purposes. r.. IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, maybe poton That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said flag officers, board hisma captains, and commanders respectively, to cause to be taken or jelly’s ships, put on board any of his majesty’s ships or vessels of war, or on board any other ships or vessels, all and every the masters, crews and their an ot^er persons, who shall be found on board such ship and names entered P.S.. as hah he fe, zcc* an taken as prize as aforesaid; and also on the ships to enter the names of such of the said mariners and crews, upon books. the book or books of his majesty’s laid hips or vessels as they,

the

Go( e

i776.] Anno dcrimo fextogsortsil III C t$f

the said flag oncers, captains, and commanders, shall r$fpe&ivtly think fit; from the rhyme and times of which said entries re fpetsively, the said mariners and crews shall be considered, and they are hereby declared to belong to, and to be as. much in the service of his Majesty, to all intents and purposes, as if the said mariners and Crews bad entered themselves voluntarily to serve on board his Majesty's said ships and vessels respectively; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said flag officers, captains, and commanders respectively to detain or cause to be detained and kept, the masters and other persons, and also such others of the mariners and crews of the said prize ships as shall not be entered upon the books of his majesty’s ships or vessels of war as aforesaid, in and on board any ship or ships veffelor vessels whatsoever, until the arrival of such last men tioned ships or vessels in some port in Great Britain or Ireland, of > in any port of America not in rebellion 5 and upon the arrival of Those wfcofe those ships or vessels in any such port the commanders thereof names are not are hereby respectively authorised and required immediately to jjj

fet the said lad mentioned mariners and crews, and also the said gr°a” Britain mailers and other persons, at liberty on shore there. ev.

Andy for the more speedy proceeding to condemnation or other determination of any prizeyjhipy or vejfcly goodly or merchandizes to be taken as oforefaidy and for lejfening the etcpences that have been usual in the like cajeiy be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the judge or judges of such court of admiralty or Judge in other person or persons thereto authorised, shall, within the space co.” rj*0 ^ ^ of five days after request to him or them for that purpose made, ^, proceed°iri finish the usual preparatory examinations of the persons com condemnation monly examined in such cases, in order to prove the capture to of prises, be lawful prize, or to inquire whether the Same be lawfut prize or not; and that the proper monition usual in such cases shall be issued by the person or persons proper to iflbe the same, and shall be executed in the usual manner by the person or persons proper to execute the same, within the space of three days after request in that behalf made; and in case no claim of such capture, ship, vessel, or goods, shall be duly entered or made in the usual form, and attested upon oath, giving twenty days notice after the execution of such monition; or if there be such claim and the claimant or claimants shall not within five days give Sufficient security (to be approved of by such court of admiralty) to pay double costs to the captor or captors of such ship, vessel, or goods, in case the same so claimed shall be adjudged lawful prize, that then the judge or judges of such Court of admiralty shall (upon producing to him or them the said examinations or copies thereof, and upon producing to him or them, upon oath all papers and writings which shall have been found taken in or with such capture, or upon oath made that nd ipch papers or writings were found) immediately, and without further delay, proceed to sentence, either to discharge and acquit such capture or to adjudge and condemn the same as lawful prize, according as the case shall appear to him or them upon perusal of such pre

l4 ' paratory

d

^38 Anno decimo sexto georoii III C 5.' [1776.

paratory examinations, and also of the other lad mentioned papers and writings found taken in or with such capture, if any such papers or writings shall be found; and in case such claim I shall be duly entered or made, and security given thereupon according to the tenor and true meaning of this act, and there shall appear no occasion to examine any witnesses other than what shall be then near to such court of admiralty, that then such judge or judges shall forthwith cause such witnesses to be examined within the space of ten days after such claim made and security given, and proceed to such sentence, as aforesaid, touching such capture: but in case, upon making or entering such claim, and the allegation and oath thereupon, or the producing such papers or writings as shall have been found or taken in or with such capture, or, upon the said preparatory examinations, it shall appear doubtful to the judge or judges of such court of admiralty, whether such capture be lawful prize or not,

, and it shall appear necessary, according to the circumstances of

the case, for the clearing and determining such doubt, to have 1 an examination, upon pleadings given in by the parties and admitted by the judge, of witnesses that are remote from such court of admiralty, and such examination shall be desired, and that it be still infilled on, on behalf of thrcaptors, that the said capture is lawful prize, and the contrary be still persisted in on prizes to be the claimants behalf; that then the said judge or judges shall appraifedj forthwith cause such capture to be appraised by persons to be named by the parties and appointed by the court, and fwora truly to appraise the same according to the bed of their (kill and knowledge; for which purpose the said judge or judges shall cause the goods found on board to be unladen, and, an inventory thereof being first taken bv the marshal of the admiralty or his deputy, shall cause all such parts of the goods and merchandise as are perishable commodities to be sold by public sale, for the clear amount of which only the captors shall be answerable to the claimants, and the remainder of them to be put into proper warehouses, with separate locks, of the colledor and comptroller of the customs, and, where there is no comptroller, of the naval officer and the agents or persons employed by the captors and claimants, at the charge of the party or parties desiring the same; and, on par and shall, after such appraisement made, and within the space of ties giving fuf fourteen days after the making of such claim, proceed to take ficient fecuri good and sufficient security from the claimants to pay the cap vered to the"tors va*ue thcreo*> according to such appraisement, in

claimants case the same shall be adjudged lawful prize; and shall also proceed to take good and sufficient security from the captors to pay such cods as the court shall think proper, in case such ship shall not be condemned as lawful prize, and, after such securities duly given, the said judge or judges shall make an interlocutory order for releasing or delivering the same to such claimant or daimants, or his or their agents, and the same shall be actually jreleafed or delivered accordingly,

VI And it if hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 5. ij)

laid. That if any claimant or claimants shall refuse to give such 1c claimants security, the judge or judges shall cause the captor or captors in rcfl?fc fuckl ^ like manner to give good and sufficient security to pay the said cuntyf claimant or claimants the full value thereof according totheap praifement, in case any such capture or captures shall be adjudged not to be lawful prize; and the said judge or judges shall Prize to be de thereupon proceed to make an interlocutory order for the re 1, vcrcd to the leasing and delivering the same to the said captor or captors, or captors their agents.

VII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Books, papers. That all books, papers, and writings, found in any ship or vef c found id fel taken as prize, shall without delay, upon the oath of the ^ brooahtiil captor, be brought into the registry of the court of admiralty totheadrai wherein such ship or vessel may be proceeded against in order to ralty court condemnation; but that such only of the said books, papers, C

and writings, shall be made use of and tranfiated, as shall be agreed or infilled upon by the prodtors of the several parties, captors or claimants, or, in case of no claim, by the captor or register, to be necessary for ascertaining the property of such ship or vessel, and the cargo thereof, and the destination of the voyage.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All captures That all such captures as aforesaid, which shall be brought into brought into any of his majesty’s dominions in America, in order to be pro any.°f ceeded against to condemnation in any of his vice admiralty

courts, shall, without breaking bulk, stay there, and be under the merica*to bo joint care and custody of the colledtor and comptroller of the under the care cuftoras, or, 'where there is no comptroller, of the naval officers f the colledbr of the port or place where the same shall be brought, and all orc the captors thereof, and their agents, subject to the diredlions of the court of vice admiralty, until either the same shall, by final sentence, have been either cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful prize, or that such interlocutory order as aforesaid, shall have been made for the releasing or delivering of the same unto such person or persons, and to be so divided and disposed of, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors,

shall, by proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be issued for those purposes, order and direct.

IX Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by thepfovife. authority aforesaid. That no captures which shall be taken by virtue of this act, shall be carried into any of the colonies or plantations m America herein before particularly mentioned, during and so long time as such colonies or plantations respectively

shall continue in a state of rebellion.

, X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Any judge, or if any judge or judges, or other officer or officers, in any of his other officer, Majesty colonies or dominions abroad, to whom respectively it shall appertain, shall delay the doing, performing, making, ordut3r> pronouncing any of the several proceedings, matters, or things, for, towards, or relating to, condemning or discharging, releasing or delivering, of any such capture in manner aforesaid, within

Digit, d by

»4°

cantio

decimo sexto Georgii 111. C £. [ 1776.

in the respective times herein befbre limited, or as soon as the same ought to be done, according to the tenor and true meaning of this at, all and every such judge and judges, and other officer and officers, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of to forfeit 500i. five hundred pounds) one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cods of suit, to such person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same, in any of his majesty’s courts in any of his colonies or dominions wherein such offence shall be committed.

No register, XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^ hi any # no register or deputy register, nor any marshal or deputy mar ndty (hallaft or belonging to any of his majesty’s courts of admiralty

a advocate, or vice admiralty whatsoever, shall either diredtiy or indirectly, * by himself of themselves, or by any agent or agents, or other person or persons whatsoever, actor be concerned in any manner, either as an advocate or prodlor, in any cause, matter, or business whatsoever, that shall be depending in any such court or courts of admiralty, to which such register, deputy register, mar ihal, or deputy marshal, shall then belong; and that every register, deputy register, marshal, or deputy marshal, who shall be guilty of such offence, (being thereof lawfully convicted, either on penalty of upon an information or indidlment) shall from thenceforth absolutely forfeit his respective office and employment of register, deputy register, marshal, or deputy marshal, in and belonging to the same court.

XIL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall not be paid unto or among all the judges and officers of any court of vice admiralty in any of his maje fty’s dominions, for, towards, or relating to, the adjudging or condemning of such capture as aforesaid, as lawful prize, above the sum of ten pounds, in case such prize ship or vessel be under the burden f one hundred tonnes, nor above the sum of fifteen pounds, in case the same be of that or any greater burden; ani that, upon payment of either of the said respective Turns, as the case shall require, to the said judge or judges, or any of them, to be by him or them disposed or divided, as he or they shall think fjt, among the officers of such court, such judges and officers, and every of them, shall be liable to all and every of the several penalties hereby imposed for neglecting or delaying to do and perform their several and respective duties or offices in and relating to the several proceedings aforesaid, within the respective times herein for that purpose limited.

XIII Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any captor or captors, claimant or claimants, shall not rest satisfied with the sentence given coramimon n court f vice admiralty in any of his majesty’s dominions,

erg, within it shall and may be lawful for the party or parties thereby aggrieved to appeal from the said court ot vice admiralty to commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, under she great seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining appeals in causes of prizes, so as the same be made within fourteen days * after

rn; : — *. forfeiting his

office.

feei to be taken by the officers in ' courts of vice admiralty.

Parties dissatisfied, may appeal to commission

cays after femence.

i77*\j Anno decimo sexto georgii HI. C 141

after sentence, and good Tecurity be likewise given by the appellant or appellants, that he or they, will effcdtually prosecute such appeal, and answer the condemnation, and also pay treble costs, as shall be awarded in case the sentence of such court of vice admiralty be affirmed j provided that the said captor or captors, claimant or claimants, do, within six months after sentence passed, give notice to the said court of vice admiralty that they have appealed from such decree to the said commissioners.

XIV Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the

authority aforesaid. That the execution of any sentence soap Execution of pealed from as aforesaid, shall not be suspended by reason of such any sentence appeal, in case the party or parties appellate shall give sufficient security, to be approved of by the court in which such sentence of ap shall be given, to restore the ship, vessel, goods, or effects, con peal, C cerning which such sentence shall be pronouneed, or the full value thereof, to the appellant or appellants, in case the sentence so appealed from shall be reversed.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Person ap in case any person who was not a pasty in the first instance of the P cause, shall interpose in an appeal from a sentence given in any jjdr chdm vice admiralty court, such person, or his or her agent, shall at

the lame time enter his or her claim, otherwise such appeal shall be null and void.

XVI And be it further enatfted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any commander or commanders, officer or officers, penalty on of men, marines, fomiers, or others, shall break bulk on board, or ficers, teamen, embezzle any of the money, jewels, plate, goods, mercharldise, C who (halt tackle, furniture, or apparel, of or belonging to such prize or ^ybej^i^0* prizes so taken, such commander, officer, seaman, marine, fol C belonging dier, or others, shall forfeit treble the value of all such money, to any prize jewels, plate, goods, merchandise, tackle, furniture, or apparel, as he or they shall embezzle: one third part thereof to be to the use of Greenwich hospital, and the other two third parts thereof to him or them who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, in which noeffoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all appraifements and sales of any ship or ships, goods, appraise wares, or merchandizes, as shall be taken, as prizes, shall be mentsandfales made by agents, or persons nominated and appointed in equal °* to be numbers by the flag officers or flag officer, captains or captain, ^ents ap ©fficers or officer, (hip’s companies or (hip’s company, and others pointed byflag entitled thereunto j (that is to say). That if the flag officers or officer, C flag officer of any fleet or squadron of ships as shall take arty such prize or prizes, or the majority of such flag officers (if more than one) shall nominate and appoint one or more person or persons, agent pr agents, to sell or appraise the same as aforesaid, then the captains and commanders, or captain or commander, enfi titled thereunto, or the majority of them (if more than one), shall nominate and appoint the like number of persons or agents

^

i42

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 5. [ 1 jj6,

to act for them; and all the other officers under the degree of a captain and commander entitled thereto, or the major part of tfietq, shall also nominate and appoint the like number of per ions or agents to act for themj and all the crews of the several lhips companies of the fleet or squadron, or (hip’s company, and others entitled thereto, or the major part of them, shall like wise nominate and appoint the same number of persons or agents to ad in their behalf in such appraisement or sale.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

Agents shall That all and every person or persons who shall be nominated register their and appointed agent or agents as aforesaid, for any prize or letters of at priZC810 so taken by any ship or ships, vessel or vessels of war, fixn^nths m and which prize or prized shall be condemned in the high court after sentence of admiralty in Great Britain or in any of the courts of vice of condemns admiralty in any of his majesty’s dominions where the said prize tion, or prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, shall exhibit

and cause to be registered in the said high court of admiralty, or In the respective courts of vice admiralty in any of his majesty’s dominions where the said prize and prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, his or their respective letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents for the purposes aroresaid; and if any person or persons so appointed agent or agents as aforesaid, shall refute or neglect foto do, for the fpaceof six calendar months next after sentence of condemnation of any prize shall be given in the said high court of admiralty id Great Britain, or in any vice admiralty court in his majesty’s dominions for the care and distribution of which he or they shall be appointed agent or agents such person or persons so refusing

r forfeit 500i. or neglecting, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to

be recovered by him or them who shall sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, or in any other of his majesty’s dominions, in which no eflbin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIX Provided always. That if any agent Or agents shall be appointed after the time any sentence of condemnation in any of the said courts of admiralty or vice admiralty shall be given, such agent or agents shall, under the aforesaid penalty, register, or cause to be registered, in manner aforesaid, bis or their respective letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents as aforesaid, within the space of six calendar months after the date of the said letter or letters of attorney.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Manner of That after the sale or sales of any prize or prizes which shall be

giving public taken in pursuance or by virtue of this act, public notification

nofificationt or notifications shall be given and published in such manner a9 alter sale ot * .____ r*_____________________jr

is herein after particularly mentioned; (that is to say). If the prize or prizes shall be condemned in his majesty’s high or other court of admiralty in Great Britain, then the person or persons, agent or agents, to be appointed in pursuance of this act, for the appraisement and sale of such prize or prizes, shall insert and

pub

Digiti

1776-] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 5i

publisti, or cause to be inrerted and published, such notification under his or their hand or hands respectively in the London Gazette, and if condemned in any court or courts of admiralty or vice admiralty in any other or his majesty’s dominions, then such person or persons, agent or agents as aforesaid, shall insert and publish, or cause to be inserted and published, such notification, under his or their hand or hands respectively, in the gazette, or same other news paper of public authority, of the island or place where the prize or prizes shall be condemned 5 and if there shall be no gazette or such other news paper pub liftied there, then in some or one of the mod public news papers of such island or place for the time being; and all persons or agents publishing, of causing to be published, every such notification respectively, shall deliver to the collector, customer, or searcher for the time being, of his majesty’s customs, redding at, or belonging ta the port or place where the prize or prizes shall be condemned, or the lawful deputy or deputies of such collector, customer, or searcher; and if there shall be no such collector, customer or searcher, then such persons or agents as aforesaid, shall deliver to the principal officer or officers of the port or place where the prize or prizes shall have been condemned, or to the lawful deputy or deputies of such principal officer or officers, two of the gazettes or other news papers in which such notification shall be so inserted and published; and if there shall not be any public news papers in any such island or place, then such per fonor persons, agent or agents, shall give two such notifications, ' in writing, under his or their refpedhve hand or hands, to the said collector, cudomer, or searcher, or the deputy or deputies of such colle6tor, cudomer; or searcher, or, where there shall be no such collector, customer, or searcher, to such principal officer or officers, or his or their deputy or deputies as aforesaid; and every such collector, customer, or searcher, and principal officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies, shall subscribe his or their name or names on some conspicuous part of both the said gazettes, news papers, or written notifications respectively, and by the first ship which shall fail (after his or their receipt of such gazettes, news papers, or written notifications refpefiively) from such port or place to any port of Great Britain, shall transmit or send to the treafuirer of Greenwich hospital, or the deputy of such treasurer for the time being, one of the said gazettes, news papers, or written notifications, with his or their name or name so subscribed to and upon the same respectively, to be there registered, and shall faithfully preserve and keep the other of the said two gazettes, news papers, or written notifications, with his or their name or names subscribed as aforesaid, in his or their custody; and that in every such printed or written notification as aforesaid, the said person or persons, agent or agents, shall insert or specify his or their place or places of abode, and the precise day pf the month and year appointed for the payment of the several and respective shares of the prize or prizes to he captors; and all fqch notifications with respect to prizes which shall be condemned in Great Britain, shall be published

i

ur

*44

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 5. [177^.

m the London Gazette, three days at lead before anv part or parts, share or proportion of any such prize or prizes mall be paid to, any person or persons entitled thereto $ and all such notifications, with respect to prizes condemned in any other part of his majesty’s dominions, shall be delivered to the said collector, ct ftomer, or searcher, or principal officer or officers aforesaid respectively, or such respective deputy or deputies, three days at lead before any part or parts, share or proportion of any such prize or prizes shall be paid to any person or persons entitled thereto: after which several and respective notifications, if any men’s shares shall remain in the hands of the persons or agents appointed as aforesaid, either belonging to such men as shall be run from his majesty’s service, or which shall not be legally demanded within three years, then such share or shares so remaining in the persons or agents hands, or belonging to such men as shall run from his majesty’s service, shall go and be paid to the use of Greenwich hospital.

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or agent, to be appointed for appraifementor wsmentor* any pr*3c or p^zes which shall be seized and taken as

side of prizes aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pvtblish, give or deliver, any eegle&uig his notification herein before directed or required to be published, duty, given, or delivered, before the payment of any part of such prize

money, or in the manner herein before appointed, or shall not fet forth and specify therein the matters, and things herein before directed to be specified and fet forth; every such person or agent frail forfeit for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one

100l ° t hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty’s courts of record in Great Britain, or elsewhere in any of his majeftv’s dominions, in which no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one Collector imparlance, shall be allowed; and if any collector, customer, or customer, ’ C searcher, of his majesty’s customs, or principal officer or officers, negle&i ag his or such deputy or deputies as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to receive or to attest, or shall not transmit or send any such gazette, news papers, or written notification, as aforesaid, in such manner as is before directed, every such collector, customer, or searcher, principal officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be sued for and recovered in the same manner as the above penalty is directed to be sued for and recovered.

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the notifications in all such gazettes, news papers, and ir writing respective] y, as aforesaid, which shall be so transmitted and attested by such collector, customer, or searcher, or principal officer or officers, or such deputy or deputies as aforesaid, and registered at the said royal hospital, on proof of the handwriting of such collector, customer, or searcher, principal officer or officers, or deputy or deputies, from time to time, and at all times, shall be good and Efficient evidence in all his majesty’s courts of law and equity, that the person or persons, whose name or names is or are herein fet forth and specified as the agent or

agents

duty,

frail forfeit fool.

Notifications in gazettes, C duly attested and rendered.

frail be good

evidence in law, fcc.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 5. 14^

agents for the prize or prizes therein respectively jnentiqned, is or are /uch agent or agents.

XXIII Provided always, and be it declared and enabled byprovifo. the authority aforesaid, Tnat nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, or exempt any ships, goods, wares, or merchandizes, which shall be taken as prize, and brought or imported into this kingdom, or any of his majesty’g dominions, from the payment of anycuftoms or duties, or from

being subject to such restrictions and regulations to which ths same npw are or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the laws ?nd statutes of this realm.

XXIV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Prices which authority aforesaid. That if any ship, vessel, or bpat, taken as hadbeentaken prize, or any goods therein, shall appear, and be proved, in C s?*robieat high court of admiralty, or vice admiralty court, to have be not in rebel longed to any of his majesty’s fubjecb of Great Britain or Ire lion, tobere hmd) or any of the dominions and territories remaining and con toradtotto^s tinuing in their allegiance tp the king, and under his majesty’s

Sroteftion, which were before taken or surprised by any of his tfajefty’s rebellious colonies or plantations before mentioned, and at any time afterwards again surprised and retaken from his majesty’s said rebellious colonies or plantations by any of his majesty’s ships of war, or other ship, vessel, or boat, under his majesty’s protection arid obedience; that then such ships, vessels, boats, and goods, and every such part and parts thereof as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such his Majesty's subjects remaining and continuing under his protection, shall in all cases be adjudged to be restored, and shall be, by decree of the said high court of admiralty or vice admiralty court, actordingly restored to such former owner or owners, or proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu of salvage (if retaken from the rebels) oneonpayipentof eighth part of the true value of the ships, vessels, boats, and « th part of goods respectively foto be restored; which salvage shall be an ue fwered and paid to the captains, ofscers, and seamen, to be di C * vided in such manner as before in this act is directed touching the share of prizes belonging to the flag officers, captains, officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers.

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That no person or persons belonging to any of his majesty’s Persons with ships or vessels of war, who (hail run away or withdraw him or fewcsfromss themselves from the ship or vessel by which any prize or prizes majesty’s fer shall be taken, orotherwise, from his Majesty's service, before vice, forfeit or after notification shall be given by the persons or agents ap th«r share of pointed as aforesaid, of the day appointed for the payment of pn£c monc)rl the several shares tp the captors of the said prize or prizes ’ shall have, or be entitled to have or claim any interest in or benefit of the said share or shares of the said prize or prizes, or any part which shall bo thereof, but such share and shares of such prize and prizes ustof oi^cn go and be paid to the use of Greenwich hospital' ' hofpitab

XXVI Provided always, That if any person or persons Ihallproyif^

9f df? njn way pr withdraw him or themselves from any such 7 ’ hip

Agents, wbo

shall sell any

*46 Anno decimo sexto georgh III C 5. [1776.

hip or vessel as aforesaid, after notification given as aforesaid, he and they shall forfeit and lose such part of his and their share and shares of the said prize or prizes, as shall be remaining in the said agent or agents hands at the time of his or their running away or withdrawing him or themselves $ thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not with (landing.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforefakl* That all and every person and persons, agent and agents, and - r others, who shall sell or otherwise dispose of any prize or prizes ndt*to the t0 ta^cn as aforesaid, shall, within the space of three ca treasurer of lendar months next after tfie day to be appointed for the first Greenwich payment or distribution to the captors of such prize or prizes, hospital a true made jn pursuance of such public notification as aforesaid, produce of ache out and transmit or deliver unto the treasurer of the said ihch prize, C royal hospital of Greenwich for the time being, or to such person or persons as he shall for that purpose depute or appoint, a true date and account in writing, under the hand or hands of such agent or agents, or person or persons so employed, of the produce of all such prize and prizes as aforesaid, together with an account of the payments or the several shares to the captors as hall then have been really and bona side by him or them respectively paid; and alb that all and every person and persons, agents, and others, that by virtue of this za shall sell or dispose or any prize or prizes, which shall at any time or times hereafter be taken by any of his majesty’s ships or vessels of war, such person and persons, agents, and others, so selling and disposing thereof, shall, within the space of three calendar months next after the expiration of the term of three years limited by this a, make out an txza account in writing of the produce of such prize nd prizes, as also of the payments of the several shares to the respective captors, together with a true and just account upon oath, to be taken before the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being, or any other person or persons by him for that purpose deputed and authorised in writing under his hand and seal, (which oath the said treasurer of the said hospital, and his sufficient deputy and deputies, authorised as aforesaid, is and are hereby authorised and empowered to administer), of all sum and sums of money as shall be then remaining in such agent or agents, or persons custody, power or poflefiion, and shall at the same time deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the treasurer of the said hospital for thatime being, or to his sufficient deputy or agent, the said accounts so attested upon oath as aforesaid, together with all such remaining lum and Sums of money then so left and remaining in his or their hands as aforesaid, taking from the said treasurer, or his proper deputy or agent, his or their acquittance or acquittances for the same.

Persons, C XXVIII And be it further enabled, That all and every person ntgle&ing to and persons hereby directed to transmit or deliver all or any the acrountstothe accounts before mentioned, who shall neglect or refufeto trank treasurer, fcc, out or deliver all or any such account or accounts to the trea a four

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 147

furerof the said hospital, or his said deputy or agent, within the or not paying before limited and appointed time, in manner and form as is here in in before mentioned, or who shall neglect or refuse to pay over ail j^riwndi^fter and every suchfum andfum^of money as shall remain in his or three years, their hand or hands, power, cuffody, or possession, after the term of three years, to be accounted as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, over and above shall forfeit, the money then in such agents hands $ one third part whereof 10(d*

shall belong to his Majesty, and the remaining two third parts to the said royal hospital, to be recovered, with costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty’s courts of record, in which no effoin, protection, privilege, or waaer of law, of more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

xxlx.and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any fraud, colluiion, or deceit, (nail be wittingly or willingly made, used, committed, permitted, or done, or suffered, in make ufedinbalanc* ing, stating, or balancing, any such accounts, then every person or ing accounts persons who shall be thereof duly convicted, and his and their aiders and abettors, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, over and above the penalties and punishments inflicted by this act, the sum of one hundred pounds; one third part whereof on penalty of to be to the use of his Majesty, and one other third part to the, ooa* use of the said hospital, and the remaining third part to the informer who shall lue for the same, to be recovered, with costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record, in which no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

9 XXX And be it further enacted by the au|hority aforesaid,

That the register or registers of his majesty’s high court of ad Registers fh miralty, and all other courts of admiralty in Great Britain, shall. courts of; ad from time to time, duly enter or register, or cause to be entered ict

orrcgiftered, in one or mote book or books, to be by him or tcrg of att0r. them kept for that purpose only, all letters of attorney that shall be nry exhibited exhibited by any agent or agents for any prize or prizes which agents, C shall be taken by any of his majeftv’s ships or vessels of war 14 within fourteen days after the same (nail be so exhibited or dc y * limed to such register or registers, at his or their respective offices; which registry shall contain the day of delivery and entry, the dates of the letters of attorney, the names and places of abode of the agents, the names ot the prizes taken, together with the names of the ships or vessels by which such prizes shall have been taken; and the said register or registers fhast, on and deliver thetwenty sixth day of March, and the thirtieth "day of Septem J°P***/ to) or within forty days thereafter, in every year, transmit or The

deliver unto the treasurer of the said hospital, or to the lawful treasurer, C deputy of such treasurer for the time being, a true copy or transcript, under his or their hand or hands, of all such entries as aforesaid, within the preceding half year; and if such register or registers shall neglelt or refuse to make and keep such entries, or to transmit or deliver such copies thereof asafoiesaid, within the rcfpe<tive times herein before limited for that purpose, he or they,, VOL.XXXI. M shall.

or forfeit xool.

Registers of admiialty courts to make out yearly lists of all letters of attorney re

them to the treasurer of Green which bofpiul.

l48 Anno decimo sexto Georgii HL €.5. [1776*

shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum df one hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or inform mation, in'any of his majesty’s courts of record, in which no effoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than om imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the register or registers of all and every the courtand courts of admiralty in any of his majesty’s dominions, Aiall yearly and every year, upon the twenty-third day of October, or within three calendar months next after the same, make out and transcribe true copies of all and every such letter and letters of attorney as Aiall be so regiaered in the said court or courts, to which Ifce

giftered there, ju(jge an(] judges of the said court and courts Aiall affix his snd and trattfmit theif leal of office; and then the said register and registers Aiall transmit the same to the treasurer of the said royal hofphal at Greenwich, to be there negiftered, and to be infpctftcd by any person gratis, the charges of which copies, and affixing the leal orfeals thereto, and tranfmittingthe same to the treasurer of the said hospital, Aiall be paid by the said agent or agents at the time of making such registry as aforesaid; and in case such register or registers,, neglect or refuse to tranferibe and transmit such copy and copies of the said letter and letters of attorney in manner aforesaid, (any ftlip or ships in that time sailing from such port or place to any port or place in Great Britain,) such register and registers so neglecting or refusing Aiall forfeit the fom of on penalty of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will 500i. foe for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information,

'in any court of record in Great Britain, or in any other part of his majesty’s dominions, in which no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXII And for the more effectual making of such letters rfsf torney evidence of the agency of the person or persons to whom the same shall be made, be it further enactecf by the authority aforesaid,

tmecop’esof That true cop es of such letter and letters of attorney, and of letter otat tranftrripts under seal, transmitted by the said register or registers fluimv suffi le ^ourr an<l courts of vice admiralty within any of his ma cent ewiitence jcay’s dominions, and registered by the said treasurer of green of the agency which hospital, shall, from time to time, and at all tiroes hereto "'ho^h*18 3'rcr’ ** 6°°^ an fu®c*cnt evidence of the agency of the per are^made/ ^ on r pcr^ons to whom such letters of attorney is or shall be made; and from time to time, and at all times hereafter, shall be r admitted, without further or other proof thereof, to be legal

evidence in all his majesty’s courts of record of law or equity; any law, custom, or ul’age, to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding.

XXXIJI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no agent or agents for prizes shall be liable to be sued, impleacted, or arrested, by any person or persons who Aiall be made run from his majesty’s service, in the lists to be duly certified of the names of the officers, seamen, marines soldier.

Agent not haole to be sued by any person who ib*ll be made ran from his

I

1776.j. Anno decimo facto Georom IL C 5. 149

or others, who shall be actually on board any of his Majesty vmajesty’s fer ships of war, at the taking of any prize or prizes, until the end je ef three months next after the expiration of three years, limited stamen, itef1* by'thia ait for the claiming of prizes, unless the person or per uniefs be pro. sans so made run shall, before any action brought, obtain a c6r duce a certifi. trikate of his ortheir^r or Rs being taken off, and rite forfeiture fe o( R

fihis or their foam of such prizes being discharged by the com taken Biftorters of his majesty’s nary, who subscribed the said lists, addfoati produce such certificate tole Arid agent or agents re ipeftmcly, and unless the said agent or agents on the producing of such certificate or certificates, shall refuse to pay the said prize money (in case the same be due and payable, according to the diit&ions in his majesty’s declaration) within two months after anyfuch demand made, and such certificate produced,

XXXIV 'Provided always, Thaft nothing in this act contain Prowfo*

d shall be construed to restrain his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from giving such further rules and dirsdions to his re fpedire courts Of admiralty and vice admiralty, as by his: Ma

his heirs and successors, with the advice of his or their privy council, shall be thought neoeflary or proper. - #

XXXV Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by Th jrot

the authority afordaid, That nothing herein contained shall ex telfcu'which' tend, or be Conftroed to extend, to any ship or vessel the pro shall have fail perty of any person or persons residing in the said colonies of New ed for Grea^ nempjbire> Maffachufet's Bay, Rhode Istand, connebicut^nerju York, ?rij ?r

New Jersey, Penfyhania, the three lower counties on Delaware '

Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, die,, on or

or any or either of them, which shall have sailed for Great Bri before March,

tain, or Ireland, from any British sugar colony or plantation in

the Wifi Indies, on or before the flrft day of March, one thousand

seven hundred and seventy six, laden with any goods or commodities

wkich before the palling of this adfc might be sola wfully

transported and carried in any such ship or veitel; nor to any

ship or veflfel the property of any person or persons residing in the

said colonies of New hamp/hire, majfachufei*s Bay, Rhode Island,

Cmefticut, New York, New Jersey, Rensylvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, arid Georgia, or any or either of them, which on or beftrie the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall have arrived at any of the briti/b sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies, laden with lumber and provisons, hr either of them, and, after discharging the same at such sugar colony or plantation, shall, on or before the first day of sdkgkft, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, lade and talfeonboatd there, in order to be transported from thence into Great Britain or Inland, any goods or commodities which may belawfthly transported from such sugar colony or plantation into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, in any other British vessel, upon condition that th master or person having the charge of mb'tiiip or vessel which shall have so arrived on or before the fcifl&ft day of ja7marytomjthqvhvi& seven hundred and seventy

M 2 six.

150

Anno decimo sexto georgii III C 5. £ 1776-

fi, and shall have been loaded on or before the said first day of Augufiy one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall produce a certificate, under the hands and seals of office of the 00a le&or and comptroller, or other principal officer of his Majesty** customs for the port or place where such goods shall be laden certifying that such ship or vessel did arrive at such fiigar colony or plantation on or before the said first day of January one. thousand seven hundred and seventy six, laden with lumber and provisions, or either of them, as the case may be; and that after having discharged the same in such sugar colony or plants tion, (he had taken on board the several goods therein laden for Great Britain or Ireland refpetf ively, describing the name and burden of the ship, with the name of the master, and the content of the cargo, with the particular marks and numbers of the packages of each sort and species of goods so laden, the port or place where, and the time when laden, aod the port in Great Britain or Ireland to which the goods are consigned, and that bond and security has been given for the due landing thereof according to law; which certificate such collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs are hereby required and enjoined to give without fee or reward.

XXXVI And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the certificates befpre mentioned for such ships or vessels as shall be bound to Great Britain and Ireland, shall continue in force for six months from the dates thereof, and. no longer; and the master or perfqn having charge of such ship val°'m g^cat1 or ve^* upon his arrival at the port of his discharge in Great Britain or Ire Britain or Ireland, at the time he reports his ship, is hereby reland, to deli quired to deliver up such certificate to the collector and comp ver up his troller, or other principal officer of the customs at (Uch port, on rh^co^f/ftor f°rfeiturc one hundred pounds: and if any officer or officers con forfei f tile customs shall give or grant any false certificate, for the tyre of tool, purpose required or directed by this act, such officer or officers Penalty on shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and be rendered giving a false incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs, and (bcceflors, in any certificate, or office whatfoeverj and if any person or persons shall counterfeit, or^tering1” 8 erae her, or any such certificate, or any licence ready certifi quired or directed by this actor shall knowingly make use of

cate, C any false certificate or licence, or of any certificate or licence so

counterfeited, erased, altered, Or falsified, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and such certificate or licence fiiall be invalid and of no Penalties how efsect; which laid penalties, if the same shall be incurred in Great Britain, or within the British dominions in America, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, and be divided paid, and applied, in like manner as other penalties, inflicted by qny actor as of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the British colonies or plantations in America, are directed to be prosecuted, sued for, or recovered, divided, paid, and applied by any al or acts of parliament now in force; and if the said penalties shall be incurred in the kingdom of Inland, the fam*

shall

Certificates to continue in force for 6 months.

Master, See.

to be recovered.

177&] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III ^.5. 151

shall tad may be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and applied, in such and the like manner, as any forfeiture incurred by the laws now in force in the said kingdom of Ireland, against the running or intending to run goods into that kingdom, may, by any act or acts of parliament now in force there be prosecuted, sued for recovered, and applied.

‘XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That nothing in this act shall extend, or be This ad not construed to extend, to any'(hip or vessel, or the cargo thereof, t0/?ycl!d toj which shall have been or may be cleared out from any port in oaurom^ Great Britain or Ireldnd> before the first day of January, one Great Britain thdufend seven hundred and seventy six, and shall be bound to or Ireland any of the British Sugar colonies in the West Indies, 6r which before Jan. hath been, or niav be so cleared out from the said British sugar toundto the Coionics, and shall be bound to Great Britain or Ireland, in case West Indies, it shall appear by the register of such ship or vessel that two c. thirds at the least of the owners of such ship or vessel are his f two third majesty’s subjects reflding in Great Britain or Ireland, or in Tome nr of the said British sugar coionics; nor to any ship or vessel, or fabi^a the cargo thereof which shall be cleared out from any port in refidine in Great Britain or Ireland, after the twentieth day of January ^ one Great Britain, thousand seven hundred and seventy six and shall be bound to tfie

any of the British sugar coionics, or which shall be cleared out ar after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, from the said British sugar coionics, and shall be bound to Great Britain or Ireland, in case it shall appear, by ' the oath or affirmation of ode or, more'of the owners of such

Sor vessel, to be endorsed on the register thereof, to be takfen ire the colledor or other principal officer of the customs at tiie port or place where such ship or vessel shall be cleared out

(which oath or affirmation such collector, or other principal officer of the customs, is hereby authorised and required to administer) that two thirds at least of such ship or vessel are the property of his majesty’s subjects reflding in Great Britain or Ireland, or in some of the said sugar colonies or plantations.

XXXVIII d whereat many and large debts are now due from the inhabitants of the North American colonies herein before mentioned to diverse of his Majesty's good and loyal subjects reftding in Great Britain, Ireland, and the British plantations in the West Indies, and many of such good and loyal subjects may have ejlates and effects in some of the said North American coionics: and whereas goods and merchandise have been or may be Jbipped or laden in the fsii coionics, for and on account of such debts, ejlates, or effects, and other goods and merchandise may be laden there, and font jrom thence td ionfejuence of orders given for that purpose, be it therefore eroded by the authority aforesaid. That nothing in this adth'#a^ stot contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any ship*^j^d| to or vessel which shall have cleared out and sailed from any of cleared out thy said colonies for Great Britain, Ireland, or any of the British from the co plantations in thn tvejt Indies, on or before the fjrft day ofi®n^#^>r.. jfafuary, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six * nor shall

M 3 CX

15*

fore Jan. i, 1776; nor to

?; oods upped or remittance*'to Great Britain, See. before Dec. i, 177 j.

Kot to extend to any teliel the property of the colonial, which on or before Jan. h *77^» thah have fail. CD from any port in Europe where (be might lawfully

4c.

Nor to any vessel belonging to the island of Nantucket, employed in the whale hdi ery, and fitted out before h f775*

CT

Sciimg of per tooa, vcftcb|

Aono dddmo sexto Georgii IIL g. 5. [177^

extend, or be construed to extend, to forfeit any gpods or merchandise, or effects which shall be laden or shipped on board any ship or vessel in any of the said North American colonies on or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, as a remittance to. any of his majesty’s fubjetfs, refiding/in Great Britain Ireland, or the British colonies or plantations in the jveji Indies for or on account of any such estates, effects, or debts, or in consequence; of any orders given for that purpose, before the twenty fujl day of Decetnber* 000 thousand seven hundred and seventy five, provided proof thereof shall be made, on oath of the parties to whom such goods, merchandise, or effcdls, shall be eonsigned, or otherwise to the satis fadton of the judge or court before whom any feieure of such goods, merchandise, or ctifeds, shall be depending, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithftandiilg.

XXXIX Provided ajwayj* aod it is hereby further ent&ed by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any ship or vessel the property of any person or persons redding in the said colonies of New Hampjbirer Majfachufet's Bay Rhode island, Cennefticut* New Tort, New Jerfeyy Penfybania* the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryland Virginia North Carolina South Carolina or Georgia which on or before the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall have sailed from any port or place in Europe where Rich ship or vessel might lawfully trade; or which on or before the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall be actually laden in any such port or place for Great Britain or Ireland with such goods and merchandizes as fqch ship or vessel might lawfully fa transport; nor to any such ship or vessel as shall, on the said first day of January open thousand seven hundred and seventy six, remain in any port of Great Britain or Ireland anything herein Contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwjthftanding.

XL Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted bv the authority aforesaid. That nothing in this a contained shall extend, or Ije construed to extend, to any ship or vessel being the property of any of the inhabitants of the Hland of Nantucket employed in the wfiale fishery only, if it shall appear by the papers on board 'that such ship or vessel was fitted and cleared oqt from thence before the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy five; or if the mailer, or other person having thp charge of any such ship or vessel as aforesaid shall produce a certificate upder the hand and seal of the governor pr commander in chief of the province of the mt^buftfs Bay setting forth, that fuph ship or vessel (expressing her name, ao<| the name of her mailer, and deferibing her built and burden) is the whole and entire property of his majesty’s subjects of tin said island of Nantucket and was the property of one or more of them on or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy five.

Aqi whereas before the faffing this andjince the catt-

i77&} £nno decimo sexto creorglr III C 5. 153

mmcment of tie fati unnatural rebeilion, diverse persons, vtjfils, ear. dur vng mother effects, may have been seized detained examined, the re bell tonne jeartbedy damaged or defrayed, for the public ftrvice* in withft nd an£before the kg or jupprmng the said rebeilion, be it further enabled by the ta/fhai?be ** authority aforclaid, That all such acts shall be deemed jut apd deemed legal, legal to all intents, conftrudions, and purposes whatsoever: and Limitation of if aoy action or suit Avail be commenced or prosecuted against actions, any person or persons for or by reason of anything so done, qr for or by reason of any4hing done or acted in puruiance of this act, then, and in every such case, such action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants, N shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the General issue. fpedal matter in evidence; and if the ad mall appear to have been done for the service of the public, or in pursuance of and by the authority of this act, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time herein before limited for bringing the same, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon such finding, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be uonsuited, oc discontinue his or their action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs. Treble costs.

JLLII. And whereas an off was passed in the fourteenth year of Acts tie reign of bis prtfent Majesty, (entitled An act to discontinue, 1+ Geo. 3.

* in such manner, and for such time, as are therein mentioned, the landing and discharging, lading or shipping of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town, and within the harbour of Boston, ia the province of Majfachufefs Bay, in North America;) and also One paffei in the lajl ftjfton of parliament, (entitled, An act to 15 Geo. j. riftrain the trade and commerce of the provinces of Massa cap. 10. theftfs Bay 2nd new Hampjbire* and colonies of Comufticut* and Rhode Ifiani# and Providence Plantation, in North America, to Groat Britain, Ireland, and the briti/b islands in the hveft Indies; aadjo prohibit such provinces'and colonies from carrying on aay fi&try on the baaks of Newfoundland, or other places there' ' mentioned, under certain conditions and limitations;) and also mother aft paffid in the same Jeffton9 (entitled, An act to re and 15 Geo. (bain the tr*4e and commerce of the colonies of New Jersey a cap it Pmfykmia* Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great bruakyireland* and the British i(lands in the iveft Indies, under certain conditions and limitations:) and whereas the prohibitions aniriflraints impqfed by the said acts will be rendered unnecejfary by tiafrokhm of this aq: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of January, one repealed, thousand seven hundred and seventy six, the said acts shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

XLIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Comirtence that this act, Co far as^the same relates to the capture and for wient of this feitare of ships and vessels belonging to the inhabitants of the ^ bove ttentioaed coionics, shall, except in the cases herein be

M 4 sore

*54

Persons ao fhorifed by

his Majesty may grant pardons to any colony, province, county, C by proclamation in hia Majesty name

after the issuing of which, f hts at to be Void with re fpe& to such fotopy, U C

Provilb.

Aimo decimo sexto Georgii III C [1776.

fore mentioned, commence and be in force from and after the firift day of January, one thousand seven hundred and, seventy six; and fo’far as the same relates to the capture and forfeiture of all other ships and vessels that shall be found going to trade in or at any of the said coionics, from and after the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and feveoty six; and sofar as the same relates to the capture and forfeiture of all other ships and vessels that shall be found trading in or at any of tp said coionics, or bound and trading from any port or place fa the same, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; and shall continue 16 be in force so long as the said colonies respectively shall remain in a (late of rebellion.

XLIV Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in order to encourage all well affected persons in any of the said cplonies to exert themftlves in suppressing the rebellion therein, and to afford a speedy pro te&ion to those who are disposed to return to their duty, it shall and may be lawful so and for any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant a pardon or pardons to any number or description of persons, by proclamation, in his majesty’s name, to declare any colony or province, colonies or provinces, or any county, town, port, district, or place, in any colony or province, to be at the peace of his Majesty; and from and after the iffoing of any such proclamation in any of that aforesaid colonies or provinces, or if his Majesty shall be graciously pleased to signify the same by his royal proclamation, then, from and after the iflbing of such proclamation, this afi, with respect to such colony or province, colonies or provinces, county, town, port, district, or place, shall cease, determine, and be utterly void; and if any captures shall be made, after the date and issuing of such proclamations, of any ships or vessels, and their cargoes, belonging to the inhabitants of any such colony or province, colonies or provinces, county, town, port, diftritt, or place, or of any ships trading to or from such colony or province, colonies or provinces respectively, the same shall be restored to the owners of such ships or vessels, upon claim being entered, and due proof made of their property therein, and the captors shall not be liable to any action for seizing or detaining the said ships or vessels, or their cargoes, without proof being made that they had actual notice of such proclamation having been ifliied.

XL V Provided always. That such proclamation or proclamations shall not discharge or suspend any proceeding upon any ppture of any such ship or vessel made before the date ana thereof. '

q a?,

1776.] annodccinoofcxtogeorgiiiii. C 155

CAP. VI

An act for giving a puiluk reward unto such person or persons, being his Majesty s fubjtft or subjects, as Shall discover a northern paffago for vessels by sea, between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans; and alfi unto such as shall first approach by sea within one degree of the northern pole. -

WHEREAS an act of parliament passed in the eighteenth Preamble year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second,

(entitled, An act for giving a public reward to such person or X persons, his majcfty’s subject or subjects, as shall discover a northwest passage, through hudfon’s Straights, to the western and fouthem ocean of America:) and whereas many advantages / both to commerce and science may be also expected from the discovery of any northern pqffage for vessels by Jea9 between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may see enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confqnt of the' lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament f aflembjed, and by the authority of the same. That if any ship vessel, ships or vessels, belonging to any of his majesty’s fub hi Mafetty, jeds, or to his Majesty, shall find out and sail through any paf C (hail (all foe by sea, between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, in any di ^twcep reaion or parallel of the northern hemisphere to the northward of the fifty second degree of northern latitude, the owner or beyond the owners of such ship or ships, vkffel or vessels, if belonging to d degree, any of his maj&ty's subjects, or the commander or commanders, ^m?a.rjdcr» officers and seamen of such ship or vessel, ships or vessels, if b.c.. a Ipnging to his Majesty, shall receive as a reward for such dif wird of * govery thp sum of twenty thousand pounds. to^eol.

., H. And whereas the Jbips employed both in the Spitzbergen seas, end in Davis's Straights, have frequent opportunities of approaching the north pole, though they have not time, during the course of one fitmmer, to penetrate into the Pacific ocean: and whereas such approaches may greatly tend to the discovery of a communication between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, as well as be attended with many ad( ( both to commerce and science, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid.. if any ship or vessel, ships or or shall ap vessels, shall approach to within one degree of the northern pole, proach to * the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, ships or vessels, decree of the belonging to any of his majesty’s subjects, or the commander northernpole, or commanders officers and seamen of such ship or vessel, (hips(hall recewea or vessels, if belonging to his Majesty, so first approaching toward of within one degree of the northern pole, his or their executors, s’000** administrators, orassigns, shall be entitled to receive, and shall receive, as a reward for such first approach towards the northern pole,, the sum of five thousand pounds.

III And in order to afeertain who are the first difeoverers of the aid northern pajtage into the Pacific ocean, and who are the first ap prober: to within one degree of the. northern pole, and to whom the *

*56 Anno decimo facto Gfioteil III C 6. [>?7^

rewards by this act refpeflively given do belong; be it further enaa commissioned by the authority.aforesaid, That the commissioners appointed cr* appointed for the purposes of the said act of the eighteenth of George the who'aretntf econ and nfher persons as for the time being are

se^tothevaid c^hmflioaera for the discovery of the longitude at sea, be, and s rewards j they are hereby appointed coowni(boners for the purposes of this who are im present aa; and are hereby authorised and empowered to call p. «ered to for the refpeaive journal or journals, book or books, and papers, ca ** ir Kept on board the refpeawe ship or ships, Vessel or vessels of the was, books, claimant or claimants refpeaively, and also to examine, upon oath, all such persons as they the (hid commissioners (hah think proper with regard to any claim or claims, as well as' any perfba or persons produced by the refpeaive claimant or clatmamk df the refpeaive rewards given as aforesaid by this aa; (which oath the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer)) the find Commission commissioners, or the major part of those that shall meet (such ers to grant mayor part, nevertfieless, at all times confiding of thirteen conr V n cr<»f mi®oncrs ** the Icaftf of which the lord high admiral, or first ssdif., cotmniffroner for executing the office of lord high admiral of corny, g. Great Britain for the rhyme being, and the royal aftronomcr of Greenwich for the time being, shall be two) being fully satisfied, upon examination and proof, that such northern passage by sea into the Pacific ocean is effectually discovered, and failea through ars aforesaid, and that such approach towards the northern pole 4s stfbresaid, has been then first aaually made by sea, or that either the one or the other has been fully accomplished within the meaning of this aa, as the case may be, are hereby authorised and required to grant a certificate or certificates accordingly, under their hand and seals, to such person or persons as 6n producing they shall judge are entitled to the same refpeaively $ which cer whereof.eom tificate or certificates shall be produced to the lord high trea setrejsjr°^ rer orany t*ircc or more f the commissioners of thetreafaty to pay^hc^re. C mc being, aftd the said sum of twenty thousand pounds, ward. and the said fuirr of five thousand pounds, or the one or the

other, ar the case may be, shall be refpeaively paid to such person or persons as ate named in the said certificate or certificates refpeaively, his, Her, or their executors, administrators, it assigns, out of any the aids of supplies which shall be granted in parliament to his Majesty, his heirs, or fuccefibrs, after the feid discovery of the said horthem passage into the Pacific ocean, and the said approach to within one degree of the northern pole; or the one or the other, as the case may be, shall be made, effeauated, and proved, and the said certificate produced a! All claims to aforesaid.

the rewards IV Provided always, and be it farther enaaed by the author

to be made nty afbrefeid, That the refpeaive claim or claims on behalf df

month after any or P.S.. vc or ve^*» unto the rewards given by

arrival at any or cither of them, shall be made refpeaively, and en

port in Great tered with, or be by letter signified to, the secretary of the lord

Britain or high admiral, or first commissioner for executing the office of

Ireland.? 6 lord

L

rjy6 \ Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 7, 8, >57

lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being at the admiralty office in London, within six months from the time that such ship or vessel, ships or veftels, shall have arrived at any port of Groat Britain or Inland, otherwise the respective claimant or claimants shall not be inti tied to receive, nor shall receive either of the said rewardsj anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if the said rewards, or either of them, shall be Proviso, claimed by and adjudged to the commander or commanders, officer and Teamen of any ship or yefiel, ships or vessels belonging to his Majesty, the same shall be disposed in favour of, and dinributed among such commander or commanders, officers and seamen, in such proportions as shall be directed by his Majesty in council, and in no other manner. »

CAP. VII

An act far the regulation of his Majesty'i marine forces while on shore.

CAP. VIII

An all for mating perpetual so much of an, made in though eighth

year of his prtfent Majefifs reign, intituan act to continue

and amend an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of hi present Majesty, entitled, “An act for importation of felted \

** beef, pork, bacon, and butter, frorrf for a limited

** time; and for allowing the importation of felted beef, pork,

“bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America,

“for a limited time, ” as relates to the importation of faked beef, pork, baton, and butter, from Ireland: and also another all, made in the fifth year of his prtfent Majefifs entitled. An act to

permit the free importation of cattle from Ireland.

WHEREAS an alt was made in the eighth year of his pre presmme.

salt Majefifs reign, entitled. An act to continue and Afb S Geo. p

nterfd an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefeat Majesty, entitled. An act for importation offalted beef, pork, baton, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time and for allowing importation of faked beef, port, baton, and butter, from the firitidt dominions in America, for a limited time and whereas the said ad hoi, by fevoral fubfepsent acts, been continued to the thirtieth day of March, one thousand seven hundred andf and whereas and j Gep. j,

another ad was made in the fifth year of bis prtfent Majefifs reign, recited. entitled. An act to permit the free importation of cattle from Ireland', which ad bat, by another act made in the twelfth year of hit prtfent Majefifs reign, been further continued until the twenty, ninth day of September, one thousand fevers hundred and ftvtnty dgjot, and from sbente to the end of though then next session of parliament; end whereas the said ad, made in the eighth year of bis prtfent ma jtfifs reign, fa far as the same reifies to the importation of faltod -

beef, perk, baton, and butter, from Ireland; also the said ad,

made hit be fifth year of his pnfent Majefifs reign, have proved very benefitial; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be _ enact

digitised by

158 Anno decimo sexto Georgii IIL C 8^ 10. f177^

enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembkd, 80 much of the and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said re aft 8 Geo. 3. cited ac macje jn the eighth year of his present majesty’s reign, l*elaiidevnd as rc*atcs t0 the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and the act 5 Geo. butter, from Ireland; and also the said recited act, made in the 3. made per fifth year of his present majesty’s reign, shall be, and are hereby petual. made perpetual. '

CAP. IX

(An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundred of Forehoe, in the county of Norfolk.

CAP, X

An act to enable his Majesty to make leased copies, 'and grants of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of the duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble. X H E R E A S his royal highness, George prince of Wales, Leases and * * now fiends ftized of the duchy of Cornwall, and the poffief grant made fton* thereof: and whereas it is necessary to enable his Majesty to by letter - offices, and to make leases and grants, by copy of court rollof patent or in lands y and hereditaments, parcel of the said duchy, or thereunto an denture, ^exed or belonging, during the minority of his royal highness; be it or by copy of therefore enacted bv the king’s most excellent majesty, by and vdthi* 7 year*™1*1 t*lc avec an consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, tocoi*e, ofany and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the office, land, authority of the same. That all leases and grants, made or to be or heredi$a* made, by letters patent, or indentures, under the seal of Great jrfthe dputdiy Britain, or °** the court of exchequer, or by copy of court of Cornwall, nh, according to the custom of the respective manors, within or annexed seven years next enfumg, of any offices, tnefluages, parks, lands, thereto, de tenements, or hereditaments, (other thah honours, lordships, or woda^iinft inano*’s) Parcel of the possessions of the said duchy of Conrtvall, tuecrown* r annexed to the iame, shall be good and effectual in law, ac so a such 9 cording to the purport and contents of the same copies, leases, leases be not and grants, against our foveneign lord the King, his heirs and for more than successors, his royal highness George prince of Wales, and against 3 lire, or all and every other person or persons yrho shall at any time vtei/^etcr hcrcaftcr have inherit, or enjoy, the said duchy by force of any minable upon act of parliament, or .by other limitation whatsoever.

3 live at the II Provided always, That every such lease or grant so made, most or t0 be made, be not for more than one, two or three lives, ot and if in ex for northeast and thirty years, or under, or for same term of years reversion determinable upon one, two, or three les, or not above; and not exceeding ^ I or grants be tnade in reversion or expeftancy, that

3 lives, or * then the same, together with theeftates in poflefiion, do not 31 years, exceed three lives, or the term of one and thirty years, or some and foa* the term of years determinable upon one, two, or three lives, and ffifeu^able ^ not n any wise made difpunifhable of waste; and so as upon of waste; every such lease or grant there be, or shall be, reserved the ancient

i?76.] Anno decimb sexto georgii lit. C io iti 159

dent or moflufual rent, or more, or such rent as hath been re and theufual served, yielded, or paid, for the same lands, or hereditaments, for the greater part of twenty years next before the making of the. said lcafes or grants; and where no such rent hath been referv or, wheretbere ed or payable, that then, upon every such lease, there be, or "a

shall be, reserved a reasonable rent, not being under the twen absent be tieth part of the clear yearly value of the melfuages, parks, reserved. lands, tithes, tenements, or hereditaments, contained in such lease or grant; and all leases and grants otherwise made, or to be made, shall be null and void.

III And be it further ordained and enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all covenants, conditions, reservations, and other The cove ^ contained in every lease, grant, or copy of °°urt^meafei or roll, made or to be made, as aforesaid, shall be good and effee' ’d*em tual in law, according to the words and contents of the same, ed good ia

as well for and against them to whom the reversions of the same law. lands, tenements, and hereditaments shall come, as for and,

against them to whom the interest of the said leases, grants,, or copies shall come, respectively, as if our sovereign lord the king’s majesty, at the time of making such covenants, conditions, and reservations, and other agreements, were seized of ah absolute estate, in see Ample, in the same lands, tenements, or hereditaments.

IV Saving always, to all and every person or persons, bodies Refervatioa politic and corporate, their heirs, and successors, executors, ad °* ^ts. rainiftrators, and assigns (other than to our said sovereign lord.

the King, and his heirs and successors; and the duke and dukes of Cornwall for the time being, and his and their heirs; and all and every other person and persons that shall hereafter have, inherit, or enjoy, the said dukedom of Cornwall by force of any a of parliament, or other limitation whatsoever) all such rights, titles, estates, customs, interests, tenures, claims, and demands whatsoever, ot what nature, kind, or quality soever, of, in, to, or out of, the said offices, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or

Sof them, as they, or any of them, had or ought to have Ltd ire the making of this alt, to all intents and purposes, and in as large and ample manner and form, as if this alt had never been had or made j. this alt, or anything hereim contained to *

the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XL :

An act to continue an oft made in the lajl session of parliament, inti* tuledy An alt to amend and render more effectual in his ma jefty’s dominions in America, an alt, passed in the present session of parliament, entitled. An act for punishing mutiny and dtftrtion, and for the better payment of the army and their quar #

ten; and for extending the Proviflons of the said act to his Mayfly's marine forces in America.

WHEREAS an act, pajpd in the fifteenth year of his pre Preamble sent Maj fly's reign, entitled. An alt to amend and render Aa 15 Geo.]*'

more recited.

d Aanodedmo fatto<ieo*on IH. c.12, 13. [1776.

more efieftual in his Majesty’* dominions in America an act, passed in the present'session of parliament, mtitaled, An afer. pumflnng mutiny and dejertion, amt sir the better payment of the army and their quarters; ami for extending the provisions of the find act to his Majesty’8 marine forces in America; tubich a St, was if continue and be in force in all Majesty's dominions m America,

from the twenty-fourth day o/march, in the year one thousand hundred and seventy five, until the twenty-fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and and whereas it bat been

found necessary that the said asi be continued for. a further term; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted j and best enacted by the king’s mod: excellent majdfty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, inrthis present parliament aflemued, and nt* surer by the authority of the same. That the said act shall be, and the SS* saki hereby cominued until the twenty-fourth day of March * 84, i77j, - in the year, of our lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight.

CAP. XII

An alto continue, for a farther, an made in the seventh

year of his present mpjefiy’s, An act to dtfcoo*

tinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grease.

Preamble. E R E A S an act of parliament, in the seventh yeas'

Aft 7 Geo. j. t▼ of the reign of his present( (, act to <fif>

recited, continue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of fallow, hogs lard, and grease)) whereas by two alls, made in the tenth and thirteenth years of his present reign,

the said act had been continued until the twenty-fifth March,

one thousand seven hundred and fevenly fix: and whereas the allowing the importation of tallowbogs lari, and grease, for a further

time, dutyfree, may be of great advantage; may it therefore please < your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

king’s moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflemued, and by the authority of the same, and further That the said act of the seventh year of his present majesty’s reign, and all and every the claules, provisions, penalties, for sjiksi1*" feitures, allowances, matters and things therein contained, shall *’ 779‘ be further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine.

CAP. XIII

An all for the better securing a fund, belonging to certain ptrftns of the theatre royal in drury-lane, applicable to charitable u/es, and for other purpofts therein mentioned.

Preamble. A H E RE AS in or about the year one thousand seven hunirei ▼ V and sixty six, a contribution was begun at the theatre royal *» drury-lane, towards the charitable purpose of tftablijbing a fa

e the

anno<ledmoleimgeoitgnlu. 0.13. rft

the upper t tffitch performers belonging to the fond theatre as through op, infirmity, or accident, Should be obliged to retire from the fiage\ the managers if which chanty have fence extended the same to tbeecca jtmalrelief ofperformers in cefeeffuknejs, and^alfo to the relief and effort of the widows and children of deceafod performers belonging to the aid theatre: and whereas by the profits arising from fovenal plays a8ed for the benefit of the find charity, and the voluntary contributions of the performers belonging to the fold company, and other persons, a fund, to the amount of four tboufond pounds, or thereabouts, is nowin the bands of certain trifiets applicable to the purposes aforcfoid: to the end therefore that the money contributed as aforesaid, or wbieb may hereafter be contributed towards inertaftng the said fund, may be applied to the purposes aforsaid, and to prevent, as far as may be, any mfoppucation or embezzlement thereof \ may it please your Majesty that itmay be enacted; and be it enacted bythe king's naoft excellent Majesty, by and .with the advice and copfent of rfhe lords _ fpirirualand temporal, and commons, in this prelentparliament affetnued, and by the authority erf the same, That, from andsabtcribert after the passing of this act, all and every the subscribers to the 'meoeponted^ hid send for the time being, during suchr time as he, (be, and they, respectively shall pay to the same, hah be, and are hereby declared to be, one body corporate and politic, in deed and in naibe, and shall be called by the name ckwhofocietyejimijbed for/roriurnwrao* r the relief of indigent personr belonging to his Mqfofiy's company ofxod famm*. comedians of the theatre royal in drury-lane: and by the same name they shall have perpetual succession and a common seat j and that they, and their successors, by the same name may see and be foed, implead and he impleacted, answer and be answered unto, in all or any court or courts of record, and places of judicature, within this kingdom of Great Britain: and that they, and their successors, by the name afore said, shall be able and capable in law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, poflese, and retain, fetrhe purposes aforesaid, all and every such sum and Turns of money as have been paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, or shall at any tithe or times hereafter be paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, to and for the ends and purposes hereinbefore men tinned; and that they, and their successors, by the name afore sud, shall and may at any time hereafter, without licence in mortmain, purchase, take, or receive, hold, and enjoy, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly value of five hundred pounds.

II And be it further enacted, That, from and after the paf l>*fe6tors ap r ling of this act, Thomas King, John Pacter, John Moody, James p°^cc<* * jfitin, James William Dodd, Robert Baddeley, Francis Waldron,

Richard Hurst, William Brereton, James Wrighten, William Parfont,

John Palmer, and William Davies, shall be, and they are

htfeby appointed, directors for managing the said fund, until,

the fifth day of April, which shall be in the year of our Lord orie

thouftnd f^ven hundred and seventy feveil: and that the said who may alter

diije&ors, and their successors, to be elected in manner herein fe*jc^inott

after mentioned, or the majority of such directors for the time *

being

/

16a Anno dedtno sexto Georgii III cj tp [177&

being, (hail have full power and authority, from time to time to dispose of the said common seal, and to altar or make new the make bye same, and to direa the use and application thereof; and to

laws, make, ordain, and constitute, fbch.and lo many bylaws, constitutions,

orders, and regulations, as to them, or the major part of them, shall seem necessary and convenient for the appropriation of the said fund, or touching, or in any wise concerning the affairs and business of the said corporation; and the same bylaws, constitutions, orders, and regulations, so made, to put in ufcand enforce accordingly, and at their will and pleasure to reyoke, change, and alter the same,, or any of them: which said byelaws, constitutions, orders, and regulations, so as aforesaid made, shall be duly kept and observed by the said corporation, and every member thereof, provided the same be reasonable, and not contrary or repugnant to the statutes, customs, or laws of this kingdom, or the true intent and meaning of this aa. andappoint nl. And be it further enaaed, That the said directors may, ®fficcrs# and are hereby impowgred to appoint a treasurer or treaforers, and such other officers as they shall think necessary for the purposes of this aa; and shall and are hereby required to take such Security from their treasurer or treasurers as a majority of the said directors shall think proper

fut election IV And be it further enaaed, That such subscribers to the

of directors, said fund as may hereafter be entitled to receive any benefit therefrom, shall meet together at some convenient place, in or near the said theatre, on the twenty-fifth day of March which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred seventy seven, or within ten (fays after, for eleaing direaors for Manner of the year ensuing 5 and that previous to such election, the names

tlett, D of all the directors for the time being shall be written ondiftina pieces of paper, being all of an equal size, and rolled up in the same manner, as nqar as may be, and shall be put into a box, or some other convenient receptacte, and shall be shaken together, after which some person, not interested in such aleaion, shall draw out the said names one by one, until the number remaining in the said box or receptacle shall be reduced to fix, and the six persons whose names shall so remain shall be six of the direaors for the ensuing year; after which the said subscribers present shall proceed to elea seven other persons from amongst themselves, (either such as were, or were not direaors for the preceding year); and the seven persons so eleaed, together with the six persons whose names remained undrawn, as aforesaid, shall be the direaors for putting this aa in execution for the ejeftionstobe year next ensuing: and the said subscribers shall also meet to gether on the twenty-fifth day of March, or within ten days after, in every succeeding year, and elca direaors, in manner before mentioned, for the year then next ensuing: and in case any one or more of the said direaors hereby appointed, or to be eleaed in manner aforesaid, shall die, or refuse to aa in the execution of this aa, the said subscribers shall and may met together, at some convenient place, in or near the said theatre, and ^ clert

)oqle

i>26.] Anno decimosexto georgh III C 14 — 18. 163

c|cdl a dirc&or or diredors in the room and (lead of the director or diredors so dying or refufiog to ad as aforesaid;; every director foto be elected, in any or either of the cases aforesaid,

(hau have the same powers and authorities, for the purposes of carrying this act into execution, as the diredors herein and hereby nominated and appointed are inverted with.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted. That notice Notice in of every such election shall be affixed in writing, in some con anting to be fpicuous part of the said theatre, for three days at the least, immediately preceding such election j and that all eledions (hah be dav* before decided by a majority of votes; and that every fubferiber to the election.

said fund shall have a right to vott in every such election.

VI Provided also, That at every annual election of diredors A majority of

for the purposes of this act, a majority of the diredors for the diredors to ensuing year shall consist of persons belonging to, or employed t0 lhe at, the said theatre. ‘ IC

VII And be it further enacted, That this act shall be ad Public ad. judged, deemed, and taken to be a public ad; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other

persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XIV

An act for re&tfyifig raiftakes in the names of fcvrral of the coramitfionert appointed by an ad. made in the list session of parliament, to pot in execution an act made in the same ftflion, entitled. An act for grant lag an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy fivej aod for appointing other commissioners, together with those nam?d in the first mentioned act to put in execation an ad of this session of Parliament, tor granting an aid'to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy six.

CAP. XV

An agt for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within (he parish of Saint George, in the county of Middleftx; and for clranfing and lighting the squares, ttreets, lanes, alleys, courts, yards, hod other open paftages and places and for keeping and regulating a slightly watch within such parts of the said parish as are not wituin the liberty of the tower of London.

CAP. XVI

Ah act for enlarging the term and powers, granted by three acts of par. figment, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots upon every pint of ale end beer brewed and vended within the town of Dundee, and the liberties and suburbs thereof, for the purpoies in the said acts mentioned.

CAP. XVII

Ah d for building a bridge icrofs the river Severn from Benthall, in t|xe county of Salop, to the oppodte (bore at Madely wood, in the said dbanty 5 and for making proper avenues or roads to and from the fiine.

# ’ CAP. XVIII

An ad fo^ enlarging the term of letters patent granted by his present Majesty to Elisabeth Taylor of the town of Southampton, widow, for the (ole use and exercise of certain engines, tools inltrumentf, and otr*e^ apparatus, for making blocks, (heavers, and pins, used in the rigging of ships.

VOL. XXXI N Pre

164 Anno decimo sexto georgii III C 19, 20. [1776.

Preamble. His Majesty’* royal letters patent to Elizabeth Taylor of Southampton widow. All the powers privileges C contained in the % before recited letters patent by this act granted to Walter Taylor, his

executors See. for a further term of 14 years. Specification of improve, ments to be enrolled in the court of Chancery within 4. months, otherwise this act to be void. Walter Taylor to grant licences See. on certain conditions pubuck aft.

CAP. XIX

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for one year beeinning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and liven ty six.

CAP. XX

An act for the better supply of mariners and Jeamen to serve in bis Majejiys Jbips of war, and on board merchant Jbips% and other trading Jbips and vtjfels.

FOR the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in Its Majejlfs Jbips of war, and on board merchant Jbips and other trading Jhipr and vessels; be it enacted by the king’s tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and Commons in this present parliament From the paf assembled, and bv the authority of the same That from and fiftg m # h ater paffins °* is a until the twenty-fifth day of March 15, 1777, mer one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and no longer chant ships (except in respect to such merchant ships, and other trading ships or vessels, which shall be on their voyage before the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, who shall be and are hereby allowed the liberty and benefit of returning home navigatea in the manner as herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any merchant ship or other trading ship or vessel, to be navigated by foreign seamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of any of the colonics or plantations thereto belonging, or his majesty’s natural or naturalised subjects, so as the number of such foreign seamen or mariners do not exceed three fourths of the mariners at any one time employed to navigate such merchant ship or other trading ship or vessel; and that one fourth at lead of the mariners or seamen so employed be, at all times, natives of his Majesty's naturalised subjects of Great Britain * (sudden death, and hazard and casualties of war, and the seas, saved and excepted); one act of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, (entitled. An act for the encouraging and increasing of hipping and navigation,) or any other statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding.

This act not II Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall to teftrain his extend to take away or restrain the effect of any such royal pro ^ptoclama * c^amati0n as h, s Majesty, his heirs and successors, are empowered tiou* C * make by virtue of an act, passed in the thirteenth year of his

1 # late majesty’s reign, entitled. An act for the better supply of mariners

and jeamen to serve in his Majejiys Jbips of war and on boar I merthantjbips % and other trading Jbips and privateers

CAP.

C may be navigated with 3 ths foreigners.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 21 — 23.

1h

CAP. XXI

An act to amend an act, pa fled in the third year of his (ate Majesty reign, entitled, An aq jar making navigable the river Stroud water, in tba county of Glouceftea, from the river Severn, at or near Framiload, to wall bridge, near the town of Stroud, in the same county \ and for giving other powers, for the purpose of making a navigation from Framiload to Walibridge aforelaicl.

Cap. xxn.

An act for rebuilding the parish church of Tardebigg, in the counties of Worceder and Warwick.

CAP. XXIII

An act for the better regulation and government of the pilot conducting ships and vessels into and out of the port of Bolton, fti the county of Lincoln) and for affixing and setting down mooring polls upon the banks or high marlhet within or adjoining to the haven and harbour of the said port) and for affixing and laying down bridges over the creeks upon the high marihes within or adjoining to the said haven and harbour) and for preventing mifehiefs by lire in the said haven and harbour.

Preamble. Letters patent granted to the corporation by Queen Elizabeth, recited. Commissioners appointed. First meeting. General meeting to be held annually. Mayor to have the calling vote. Commissioners to defray their own sixpences. How to proceed if mayor neglect his duty. New commissioners to be chosen in the room of those dying, Sec. com missioner, after due examination, to grant licences to pilots. Penalty on persons acting as pilots without licence. Exception, in favour of coal barges, and vessels in diftrels. Rates of pilotage ascertained. Foreign vessels to pay double rates. Additional rates. Additional rates reftrift CD See. Extraordinary allowance for piloting vessels from The knock buoy, C Commissioners to afeertain what part of the pilotage shall be paid for the hire of doops, See. Commissioners empowered to make byelaws, See. and to impose a penalty of CL on aggreltors. Pilots may be fafpended for breach of bylaws, Sec. bylaws to be printed, with a lilt of the pilots and their sees. If pilots milbehave, commissioners may vacate their licences, Sec. Pilots, though refused to be taken on board, to be paid their usual fee. Mailer to give the pilot true draught of ship, Sec. on penalty of 40s. Manner of proceeding in case pilot iufpe&'the mailer's account. Disputes to be settled by the mayor, Sec. Pilotage of ships outward bound to be secured. or pilot may retufe to take the charge. On nonpayment of pilots rates, the mayor, Sec. may dillrain. Penalty for heating pitch, Sec. on board any ship in the port, or the limits thereof. Mayor or jallice to hear and determine offences. If penalty not paid on demand, to be levied by dillrefs. If no goods can be found, offender to be committed. Application of penalties. Power to mitigate penalties. Persons aggrieved may apptal to the sessions, whole determination shall be final. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Form of cpn viftion. Commissioners to affix and iet down mooring pods, Sec. and to lay down bridges over the creeks. Affixing mooring polls and bridges re drifted to certain places. No mooring pods, Sec. to prejudice any works executed under the drainage act of a Geo. 3 Additional rates to be taken after june 14, 1776. Coals, ficci to be delivered within the didrifts of Wainfleet, Sec. exempted from the tonnage. Commissioners empowered b borrow 2000i. and to assign the duties as a security. Assignments to be entered in a book. See. Assignments may be transferred. Form of transier. Commissioners may appoint officers, and allow them fala ies treasurer and collector to give security. Officers to settle accounts, and pay the balance, fchen required by commissioners Any officer refusing to account, Sec. to be committed. Commiffioaer holding any office at

N a profit

166 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 24. [1776.

, profit under this act, not to aft as such. How collector, C to proceed in case of vessels departing without paying duties. King's ships of war, o. exempted from duties. Mooring potu and bridges to be kept in repair. Application of the duties arising by this act. Extent of the harbour and haven, C Writings to be without damps. This act not to affect the Trinity House of Kingston, Sec. Saving of rights. This act not to prejudice the work of Black Sluice commissioners. Did refs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form, See. Plaintiff not to recover if tender of amends be made. Limitation of actions. General ifliie. Treble costs. No action shall be brought till after one month's notice. Public aft.

CAP. XXIV

. An act for vefling certain ejlates, now held in trufl for the benefit of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, in the commiffiomrs and governors of the said hospital, incorporated by his Majejtf s Utters patent.

Preamble. XX/HEREAS their late majejlies King William and Queen Recital of let W Mary, by Utters patent under the gnat seal of greatbri kin/wmiam ta*n’ ^eartn& ate twenty-fifth day of October, which was in the and Queen sixth year of their reign, did give and grant unto ftr John Somers m^ry, dated knight, then keeper of the great seal, and sundry other persons therein Oft. *5, in the named, a certain piece or parcel of ground, with a capital mejfuagt their ret n ere£ie^ thereof situate and being within the parish of East Green, granting to sir w*c^ n the county of Kent, in the said Utters patent particularly John Somers, mentioned and described, to bold to the said sir John Sopiers and the and others, a other grantees, their heirs and ajfigns for ever, to be held of the procund C in crown as f *** manor f Eal* Greenwich in free and common foe east*green ^ cab fea^y only and without rent, to the intent that the prtmfes which, C Should be converted into an hospital for the relief of seamen of the royal navy incapable to maintain themselves, their widows and children, and for the encouragement of seamen and improvement of navigation; and that so soon as the buildings Should be finijbed, and the crown Should ejlablijh a corporation for the government of the said hospital, the said grantees, and the Jurvivors of them, his or their heirs and ajsigns, Should, by appointment of the crown, convey the premises( ( such corporation : and whereas their late majejlies Queen Anne,

King George the First, and King George the Second, and his prefeni Majdly, did frjerally grant unto certain per fens several commijfions, enabling them to prosecute and complete the building of the said hospital, and did also grant several powers for the management thereof; but no corporation for the purpose aforesaid was efiablijhed until the sixth day of Decern ber now lajl pajl; and whereas th: several gran tees named in the said letters patenuhave long since departed this life, and it cannot be discovered at this distance of time who was the survivor of the said grantees, or in whom the Ugal eflatc of and iu the foid piece or parcel of ground and capital message, in the said Utters patent mentioned and described, is now vejled: and whereas, in prosecution of the scheme for building the J'aid hospital, and providing suitable accommodations thereto, it became necessary to purchase sundry mefjuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, adjoining to the be fore mentioned piece or parcel of ground and capital mejfuage; and such mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, no corporation

being

1776. ] Anno decimo sexto georgh III C 24. 16y

being then eflablished, were conveyed at diverse times to sundry persons, who were then commijjioners or governors of the said hospital, for the use thereof by means whereof the legal ejlates of and in such pur chased prmifes became and are now vested in many persons, same of whom are wholly unconnected with the affairs of the said bofpitaly and others of themy from the great effluxion of time fmce such pur chases were Jo madey cannot now be, aifcovered: and whereas by an a CL of parliament, made and puffed in the twenty second year of the reign of his Recital of aft late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for vetting co' for the several estates of James late earl of Derwentwater and Charles the

Ratcliffe deceased, comprised in several settlements therein men iate carj of tioned, in trustees, for an absolute estate of inheritance for the be derwentwa nefit of the royal hospital at Greenwich, and for railing certain Cha*

furns of money, out of part of the said estates, for the relief f Radclisse, in the children of the said Charles Ratcliffe \ after reciting as therein the benefit of is recited, it was enabled, That the baronyy manor, or lordship of Greenwich Langley, with the rights, members, and appurtenances thereof in the hospital, C county of Northumberland, and also all those the manors of whit tingftall alias Quittingstall, and Newlands, Dilfton alias devel fton, Aydon shields, Warke, Elrington, and Meldon, and every of them, with their and every of their rights, members, and appurte nancesy in the said county Northumberland, and all those manors or reputed manors of Spindlefton, Utchester, Throckley, Coaftley, Middleton hall, East Thornton alias Thornton Eatt, west wood, and Thornborough, and every of themy with their and every of their rightsy membersy and appurtenances, in the said county of Northumberland; and also all that the advowson of the church of Symondburne, with the appurtenancesy in the said county of Northumberland; and also all those manors or reputed manors 0/caftle rigg and Derwentwater alias Keswick and Thormhwaite, with their and every of their rights, membersy and afpurtenanctsy in the county of Cumberland 5 and also all that the manor ^/'scremerfton, with the rights, membersy and appurtenances, in the county palatine of Durham; and also all and singular the messuages, grangesy far ms y landsy meadows, pa (lures, feedings, woods, underwoods, tenement s9 and hereditaments whatfoevet, late the ejlates of ihe said James earl of Derwent water, or whereof he was fe'vzed of any estate of inheritance in pojsection, reverjion, remainder, or expectancy, situate, lying, or being in the said counties Northumberland and Cumberland, and county palatine of Durham, and every of them, with their appur tenancesy which, by certain indentures of lease and release therein re died, bearing date the twenty-third and twenty-fourth days of June, one thousand seven hundred and twelve y were settled, limited, and offered to the uses in the said indenture of release of the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twelve, mentioned, and the reverfton and reversions, remainder and remainders, rentsy issues, and profits, ofall and singular the same premises Jhouldffrom and immediately after the death of the said Charles Radcliffe in the said ad named, be, and be deemed to have been, divested out of his thenmaiejly, his heirs andfurteffors, and settled upon and vested in, and the same were thereby from thenceforth settled upon and vested in the mo ft noble

n3 Charles

Anno decimo (exw Georgii III C 24. [1776.

Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox, and the right honourable Henry Fox esquire, their heirs and ajftgns, freed, acquitted, and absolutely discharged, 0/, raw, W against all and every the uses, efates, and limitations, 10 W by the/aid indenture of release or jet tlement, dated the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand even hundred and twelve, limited and created of and concerning the same, to and for the first and other fons of the said Charles Radclisse, and the issue male ofjuch first and other fons, and freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such right, title, estate, interest, claim, and demand, as was vefied in his said Majesty, his heirs and fuccejfors, by virtue of the several attainders in the said act mentioned, or of the fit veral acts of parliament in the said act recited, or any of themm, and elfo freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such sight, title, )ejlate, interest, claim, and demand, as was vefied, or that might or could accrue or belong to his said late Majesty, his heirs or fuccejfors, by reason or means of James Bartholomew Radcliffe and James Clement Radclisse, in the said act named, or either of them, having been born out of the dominions of the crown of Great Britain, or ctberwife howsoever, (save as therein after was saved) to the srfe of them the said Charles duke of Richmond and Lenox, and Henry Fox, their executors, administrators, and assigns, for and during, and unto the full end and term of five hundred years, to be computed from the day of the death of the said Charles Radclisse, and from thence next enjuing andfully to be complete and ended, without impeachment of wqfte; and, from and after the end, expiration, or other fooatr determination of the said term, then to andfor the only proper use and behoof of the right honourable Archibald Hamilton esquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith esquire, James Gunman esquire, sir John Thompson knight, sir James Creed knight, Peter Burrell esquire, William pawkener esquire, William Baxter esquire, Edward Vernon esquire, Thomas Ripley esquire, ioftor David Cockburn, James Spilman esquire, William Allix esquire, Fitzwilliam Plumptre esquire, William Young tsquire, and captain Francis Danfays, then being sixteen of the commtjjtoners or governors and directors of the said royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, their heirs and assigns for ever; in trufl nevertheltfs, for themselves and the rest of ibe commissioners or governors and directors for the time being of the said royal hospital, for the uses and furpofes following; (that is to say,) In the first place, for and towards the finijbing and tompleating the building of the said royal hospital; and after the building of the same should be completed and nished, for and towards the support of the said royal hospital, and for the better maintenance of the seamen of the said hospital worn out and become decrepit in the service of their country: and it was thereby further enabled., that the manor and lordship of Alftonc alias Alftone Moore, and Garrigill, and all and every the,, and

appurtenances thereunto belonging, in the said county of Cumberland, and all those the two parts (the whole into three parts to be divided) of the manor and lordship of Newton Hall the said county Northumberland

; and all that the moiety or one half part of the village tr towrjhip of Buteland, its tbepar of Chollerton W county of

jtfor*

i?; 6.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 24; 169

Northumberland; and all tbofi the reftories or parsonages of Kirke welpington, Harburne alias Hartburne, and Midford in the aid county of Northumberland; and all and singular the messuages, tithes, farms, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whatfoevtr, situate, lying, and being in the said county of Northumberland, which, by certain other indentures of lease and release, bearing date the twenty-third and twenty fourth days of March, one tboufandfix hundred and ninety one, in the said act mentioned, were settled, limited, and assured to the uses in the said indenture of release, of the twenty-fourth day of March, one thousandfix hundred and ninety one, mentioned; and which by virtue of the several attainders in the said act mention ei, and of the several acts of parliament in the act now reciting respectively recited, or some of them, did then remain vefied in his said late maje/ly, his heirs and successors, subject to such appropriation of the rents and profits thereof for the use and benefit of the said royal hojpital at Greenwich as in the act now reciting is mentioned; and the reverjion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, issues, and profits, of all andjingular the said lost mentioned premises, should from thenceforth be divefied out of his said late Myfiy* his heirs and futcefiirs; and the same Should be, and Should be deemed to be, and they were accordingly from thenceforth settled upon, and vefied in, the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, sir John Thompson, r James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener,

William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David cock burn, James Spiiman, William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre,

William Young, and Francis Danfays, their heirs and assigns, to the use of them, their heirs and assigns, for ever, in trust nevertheless for themselves and the refi of the commissioners or governors and directors for the time being of the said royal hospital, for and towards the fimfhing and completing the building of the said royal hospital, and, after the building of the same Should be completed and finijbed, for and towards the support of the said royal hospital, for the better maintenance of the seamen of the said hospital worn out and become decrepit in the service of their country, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such right, title, efiafe, interefi, claim, and demand, as was vefied in his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, by virtue ojf the several attainders in the act now reciting mentioned, or of the Jemal acts of parliament therein also recited, or any of them, or otherwise howsoever, and freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such right, title, estate, interefi, claim, or demand, as any other person or persons whatsoever then had, or might, or could have had, in or to the said lafi mentioned manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or in or to any part or parcel thereof, upon any account whatsoever, save as thertin after is mentioned: and it was thereby also enabled, That the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith,

James Gunman, sir John Thompson, sir James Creed, Peter Surrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon,

Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spiiman, William auix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young, and Francis Danfays, their heirs and assigns, should, in trufi as of 'ores aid, but subject to the term of five hundred years, (as to the premises com

N 4 t prifti

*

170

Anno decimo sexto georgh III C 24. [ 1776.

prlfed in the said settlement of the twenty-fourth day of June, ont thousand seven hundred and twelve, and as the same was therein before created and limited,) held and enjoy all and finguhr the manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprised in the said settlements of the twenty-fourth day of March, one thousand six hundred and ninety one, and twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twelves and which were therein before vefied, or mentioned to be vefied, in the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, sir John Thompson, r James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spiiman, William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young, and Francis dar.fays, and the same Should be, and be deemed to be, held of the said late king’s majesty, his heirs and successors, as of his said late majesty’s manor of feast Greenwich in the county of Kent, by free and common soccage tenure; but nevertheless the said manors, lands) tenements, and hereditaments, Should be, and Should be deemed to be, jubjccl to such quit rents, crown rents, and duteby rents, ijfuing thereout respectively, as the same were reffectively liablt to on the twenty-third day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifteen t! Commifiion and it was thereby also enacted and declared, That the then present cr r rs atcounta fuiure corfimiffioners or governors and directors of the said royal hofpi liie to the > of at Greenwich, or any of them Should not be answerable or account pital only for able to any person or per sins, other than to the said royal hospital, for profits ot or in respect of all or any part of the rents, ijsues, and profits, of the

lands, See. ja manqrsf lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprised in the

indentures of lease and release of the twenty-third and twenty-fourth days of June, one thousand seven hundred and twelve, in the said acl recited, which had accrued or become due from the death of the said Charles Radclisse, and which had then already been, or Should there exception, after be received by them, or any of them, except by laying such CC j counts before his Majesty and both houses of parliament, as by a certain ad, of the eighth year of his said late majesty’s reign, is directed; but that all such rents, ijsues, and profits, and all fines and sum of. money which had accrued or become due or payable from the death of the said Charles Radclisse, Should be appropriated and applied to the uses and for the purposes in the said acl, of the eighth year of his said tare majesty’s reign, mentioned, and in the CCI now reciting mentioned never theless, that they the said commissioners or governors and directors for the time being, Should from time to time lay the accounts of their receipts, payments, and dijburfements, before his Majesty and both houses of parliament, as by the said recited ad, of the eighth year of his said late Majesty, is directed, as well with respect to the manors, lands, and hereditaments, comprised in the said settlement of the twenty-fourth day of j une, one thousand seven hundred and twefvme, as with respect to the manors, lands, and hereditaments, comprised in tin said settlement of the twenty-fourth day of March, one thousand six hundred and ninety one; and after reciting, that by reafin of the limitation therein before made to the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, sir John Thompson, yr James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Ed

Anno decimo sexto Georgii till. C 24. tjrt

ward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, Jamds spil mart, Wiiliam Allix, Fitzwilliam pjumptre, William Young, and Francis Danfays, of the aid manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in manner aforesaid, a doubt might be made whether the tenants of the said ejlates ought from thenceforth to do such acts and ferviees, and pay such fines and Jams, as, by the nature and tenure of their ejlates, founded upon Immemorial usage and cufiom or otherwise, they would be to have done and performed and paid on the death of any lord thereof \ in case the limitation of the said manors, lands, tenements, andhereditaments, was made to a particular person only and his heirs; in order to make the like provisions as were made by the act of the eleventh year of his said late Majesty's reign, for obliging the tenants of the said ejlates to do such acts and ferviees, and to pay such fines andfilms of money as aforesaid, it was further enacted, That upon the death of his said late Majesty, and also upon the death of every fuccejfive King and Queen of this realm, all such acts and ferviees Should be done and C enabled performed, and all such fines and sums of money Should be paid by the that ferviees rejpeftive tenants of the said ejlates to the said commissioners or goitre be done, and nprs and dire ftor s Jor the time being of the said royal hospital at Green tenants

which, as by the ancient tenure thereof, or by any contrast, law, usage, agreeable to or cufiom, ought to be done, performed, and paid by them, in case the ancient tt said manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, had continued to be, nure. or were actually vefied in his said late Majesty, his heirs and succes jbrs; and that be and they were to be considered as private persons only, and not in their politic capacity; and for default of performance of such acts and ferviees which ought foto be done and performed, and for dejault of payment of any such fines andfums of money which ought foto be paid, such forfeitures and penalties Should accrue and become due, and it Should be lawful for the said commijjioners or governors and directors for the time being of the said royal hojpital, in the name of any one of them, to use and take all such ways and means Jor recovering and taking advantage oj the said f orfeitures and penalties as might be lawfully ufd or taken by his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefsots, tn case the said manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, had continued to be or were actually vefied in his said Majesty, his heirs andfuccejfors, and that he and they were to be considered as private persons only, and not in their politic capacity \ any law, usage, or cufiom, to the contrary notwitbftandtng: and it was thereby also further enacted. That the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, sir John Thompson, William Fawkener, and William Baxter, and the survivors and survivor of them, and the executors and adminifira tors of fuib survivor, Should Hand pojfejfed of and interested tn the barony, manors, lands, - and hereditaments, by two several indentures, both bearing date the fifteenth day of February, one thousand fevtn hundred and forty-eight, in the act now reciting particularly mentioned, respectively bargained, sold, and assigned unto the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, yr Edward Bellamy, sir John Thompson, William Fawkener, and William Baxter, their executors, adminifirators, and assigns, for and during all the rejl, residue, and remainder then to come and unexpired, of tffe several terjps of five hundred years and five hundred years in the same ‘ * ‘ r ‘ * ' jnden*

*7* Anno, tfccimo facto Georgia III C 24. [1776.

indentures mentioned; and that they the (did Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, Jaipes Gunman, sir John Thompson, William Fawkener, and William Baxter, and the survivors and Jurvivor of them, and the respective heirs, executors, and administrators, Jucb jurvivor, fiand possessed of and interejled in the

sum of three thousand pounds in the act now reciting mentioned, i /£* barony, manors, zawj, and hereditaments, charged with the payment thereof \ in truftyfor the commissioners or governors and directors for the time beings of the said royal hospital at Greenwich, and to the intent that the said lafl memioned terms offive hundred years and five hundred years might attend and wait upon the freehold and inheritance of the premises therein respectively comprised and by the act now reciting limited to the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, sir John Thompson, sir James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, dav/d Cockburn, James Spiiman, William Allix, Fitzwilliam Plumptre, William Young, and Francis dan says, and to protest the same from all mesne encumbrances, if any should happen to be; but subject nevertheless, and without prejudice, to the said term of five hundred years therein before limited to the said Charles duke */* Richmond and Lenox and Henry Fox, their exe actors, adminijlrat ors and assigns, asaforesaid: and it was thereby Comraiflion further enactedy That it should and might be lawful to and for the ers or govern commissioners or governors and director j, for the timebeingy of the said or empower y0yal hospital at Greenwich, or any seven or more of themyfrom time ftcwa*df°re t0 ttme* an at ^ itmei thereafter to appoint fiewardsy receiversy or ceivers, C hailiffsy of the said manors landsy tenement, and hereditaments, and to invefi them with full power to receive and get in the rents, iffutsy and profits thereof \ and to give receipts iifchargesy and acquittances for thefamey and to hold courts, and to do and perform all aftsy matters y and thingsy necessary for the managing of the said'premises, usually done and performed byfiewardsy receivers, and bailiffs, and also to aj sign and allow such jalaries and rewards to the said Jlewardt, re' eeiversy arid bailiffs, as the said commissioners or governors and directors

of the said royal hofpitalfor the time beingy or any seven or mere of and to sell themy should think requisite and necessary in that behalf; and also that timber. it should and might be lawful to and for the said commissioners or governors and directors of the said hospital for the time beingy or anyfeven or more of themyfrom time to time, and at all times thereofter, to contra ft for the sale of, and accordingly to make sale and dispose of, all or any such part or parts of the timber or timber trees on the said eflatesy as they toe said commissioners or governors and dir eftor j, or any jeven or more of themy should think fity and to authorise and appoint any person or persons to make any contrast or contrasts for the sale of all or any part or parts of such timber and timber trees and to recetve the pur chase money for the famey without being obliged to make any application for all or any ofthofe purposes to his Majejlfs court of exchequer, or to any person or persons whatsoever: and it was thereby also further enactedy That the money to arise by the sale of the said timber should bq applied to the use of the said hospital \ so nevertheless as that no person or persons who should pwrchofe any part of such timber should bq

an

4

*776*3 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III <^*4. 175

anjwerable for tbi application of such purchase money; and that it should and might be lavoful to and for the/aid commissioners. or governors and directors of the said hospital, or any seven or more of them, to direst the ratting down, from time to time, Jucb timber and timber trees from tff the said ejlates as they Should at any time adjudge necessary or sitting to be used in the repairing any houses, tenements, buildings, or efec tions, on the said ejlates, or to be ujed in the building any new boujis, tenements, edifices, buildings, orjiruflures, as they Should judge sitting to be ere fled on the said ejlates, or Should think it necessary or reasonable to build or ere ft for any tenants of the said ejlates, or for the. be aefit or improvement of the premises, or any part thereof: and it was Co toereby further enabled. That it Jbotdd and might be lawful to and for ^were^to" tbq commissioners or governors and directors for the time being of the grant leases of. said royafbojpital at Greenwich, or any seven or more of them, from mine, lands, time to time, and at all times thereafter, to demise and grant all and c for 11 every or any of the mines of lead, coal, and other minerals, as wellycarg* opened as not opened, within and under any of the afore said lands and premises, to any perfim or persons, for any term or number of years not exceeding twenty-one years, and to grant leases of all or any of the aforesaid manors, lands, tenements, and beredit&tnints, unto any person or persons for any term or number of years not exceeding twenty-one years, to take effect in pojsession, and not in reversion, reserving in every leafej demise, or grant of mines, such dues, rent or rents, and profits, as they Should judge most reasonable: and reserving on every other lease and demise the bed yearly or other rents or dues which can be reasonably gotten for the same, without taking any fine, premium, or foregift; and that it Should be lawful for he said commissioners or governors and directors of the said hospital, or any seven or more of them, to grant in every such lease, demise, and grant of mines and minerals, to the refpeflive adventurers, lejjee or If [fees of such mines and minerals, full power and liberty to win and work the same mines and minerals, and to do every other raafonoble aft and thing requisite and necessary for that purpose j but it was thereby enacted. That in every such demise and lease there Should be contained a condition of re entry for nonpayment of the rent and rents thereby refpeflively to be reserved; and it'should be requisite for the refpeflive le/fees to execute counterparts of all such demises and leases > no clauje Should be contained in any of the said demises or leases, other than in the demises or leases of the said mines or minerals, whereby to give power to any lejfee to commit * tvafle, or to exempt him, her, or them, from punishment for committing the same: and after reciting that the fines, customs, and fiervices, by and under which several of the tenants held their farms, lands, tenements, and ejlates, lying and being within several of the aforesaid manors, were agreed, aftertained, or exprejfed, in some articles, indent ture, deed or writing, then or late in the cujlody or power of fiotne of the said tenants, which, if produced, might be a means to prevent dij fiutes, differences, andsuits, concerning the said fines, cufioms, and fiervices, and for the quiet and benefit both of the lord and tenants; and it might happen that such tenants might refuse to produce orjhew such articles, indenture, deed, or writing, it was therefore enacted,

bat it Should and might be lawful, to and for any seven or mqre o

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 24. [1776.

the commissioners or governors and direqon of the said hospital for the time being, to apply to bis Majejiys court of Exchequer at westminster, by a motion in a summary way, again any tenant or tenants bolding any farms, lands, tenements, or ejlates, lying and being within the said manors, or any of them, of whose having in his, her or their cujlody or power any such articles, indenture, writings probable

evidence Should be Showed tg the fatisfaflion of the said court, r such tenant or tenants to produce and Show forth the same; upon which motion it Should and might be lawful to and for the said court of Exchequer to examine and inquire into the said matter, and make such order or orders with refpetl to the producing and Showing forth any such articles, indenture, deed, or writing, by any such tenant or tenants appearing to the said court to have the same in bis, her, or their cujlody or power, and with respect to any copy or copies to be had and made thereof and such other order and orders concerning the same, as the said court Should think proper and jujl: and it was thereby further Trustees ita enabled, That so soon as it Should happen that so many of them the said powered, so Archibald Hampton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, sir John Thompson, fr James Creed, Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, be reduced to William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David II to choose Cockburn, James Spilmaq, William Allix, Fitzwilliam plump new ones, C tre, William Young, and Francis Danfays, the trustees nominated and appointed in and by the said act, for and on behalf of the said com mijftoners or governors and directors of the said royal hospital at Greenwich, Should happen to die, so as that the number of such true jlees Should be reduced to eleven, or to any ujfer number, that then, and in that case, it Should and might be lawful to and for the com mijftoners or governors and directors of the said hospital for the time being, or any seven or more of them, and they were thereby autborifed and empowered at any time thereafter, by any deed or infrument in writing under their refpeflive hands and jeals, to be enrolled in bis Majejlfs high court of Chancery, to nominate such other persons as they the said commissioners or governors and directors of the said hospital, or any seven or more of them, Should think fit, in the plate of such pf the said trustees as shouldjo happen to die; and that it Should and might be lawful to and for the said commissioners or governors and directors of the said hospital for the time beitgg, or any seven or more of them, and they were thereby autborifed and empowered, from time to time, and at all times afterwards, when and so often as any other of the said trustees, or when and so often as any of such other persons as Should be so nominated as aforesaid, or any other persons to be afterwards nominated in pursuance of the said all (which they were thereby autho rifd and empowered to nominate accordingly) Should happen to die, by any such deed or injirument in writing os aforesaid, to nominate such other persons as they the said commissioners or governors and directors, or any seven or more ofthem, Should think fit, in the place of all and every the person and persons so dying: qnd it was thereby also enabled and declared That from and immediately after every such nomination, all and singular the manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and powers, thereinbefore limited and given to the said Archibald Hamilton, Charles Smith, James Gunman, jr John Thompson, sir Tames Creed,

Peter

177&] Anno decimo sexto Geprgii III C 24.

Peter Burrell, William Fawkener, William Baxter, Edward Vernon, Thomas Ripley, David Cockburn, James Spilmart,

William Allix, Firzwiliiam Plumptre, William Young, ' and Francis Danfays, and their heirs as aforesaid, should be well veiled in the persons who from time to time Should be so nominated as aforesaid, jointly with the survivors of the fa'td trustees, or such other persons as aforesaid, and in their heirs, in trufl, for the said commjffiioners or governors and dire ft on of the said hospital, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the persons foto be nominated at aforesaid had been actually named in the act now reciting, and the the said manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and powers, had been thereby limited and given to them and the survivors of the said trustees, or such other persons as aforesaid, and their heirs: and whereas the persons, in whom the said manors, messuages, lands, te nements, and hereditaments were, by or by virtue of the. said act of parliament, vejled, have been several times reduced to eleven or a less number, and thereupon appointments of new trustees have been from time to time made, executed, and inroiled in bis majesty's high court of Chancery, pursuant to the said act of parliament: and whereas the commissioners and governors of the said hospital, ft nee the passing of the said act of parliament, have made some small pur chases of lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in the counties Northumberland and Cumberland, and county palatine of Durham, for the better accommodation of the tenants of the manors, mejfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprised or mentioned in the said recited act of parliament; and such purchased premises have been conveyed to such persons as, at the several times of making such pur chases, were trustees of the ejlates lately belonging to the said earl of Derwent water and charjes Radclisse, for the use of the said hospital: and whereas bis1*arioaijen latemujefly King Charles the First, by his letters patent, bearing date on or about the thirteenth day of February which was in the twelfth Granted year of his reign, did appoint that certain light houses which had been i»car. 1. erefled by sir John Meldrum on the North and South Foreland, should be continued, and that he might alter, renew, remove, or change them, and that there Should be collected from every vessel, whether belonging to subjects or firangers, passing byjuch light houses, certain duties per tonne, and gave several directions for collecting and getting in the same, and granted the said duties to the said sir John Meldrum, bis executors, administrators, and affiigns, for fifty years from the date of the said latters patent, under the rent of twenty pounds, pay able into the Exchequer by half yearly payments: and whereas bis lute majesty King Charles the Second, by his letters patent, bearing *3 Car. u date on or about the twenty first day of July which was in the twenty-third year of his reign, did grant the said duties to John Smith, tffuire, for the further term of thirty years, to commence from the expiration of the former grant to the said sir John Meldrum: and whereas the said duties afterwards became the property of Robert chbolfton esquire: and whereas her late majesty 2>ueen Anne, by 3 Anne. ber letters patent, bearing date on or about the fit ft day of June which was in the third year of her reign, did grant the said duties to the said Robert Olbolfton, for the further term of seventeen years, to commence

Anno detimo sexto georgii III C 24'. [1776!

mince from the expiration of tie former grant to the said John Smith \ and the said duties, together with three mejfuages or tenements fttuate on Saint peter’s Hill in the city of London, by virtue of the will of the said Robert Ofbolfton, bearing date on or about the tenth day of October which was in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and [even, became the property of the said 3 Geo. *. hospital: and whereas his late majesty King George the Second, by bis letters patent, bearing date on or about the fourteenth day of July which was in the third ye/sr of his reign, did give and grant unto sir John Jennings, Joseph Soanes, Philip Cavendish, sir Gerrard Conyers, sir Edward Bellamy, sir John Thompson, yr Thomas Colby, Samuel Held, William Fawkener, Baltzar Lyell, John Hanbury, Ralph Radclisse, Nicholas Clarke, William Baxter, Sidney Godolphin, Charles Chamberlain, Edward Vernon, John Guy, William Collier, Jayes Sewell, Richard Moretoq, Colin Campbell, Charles Vanburgh, and Joseph Bell, their exe tutors, adminijlrators, and ajftgns, full power and authority, at their own charges, with the advice of Jkilful seafaring men, to continue, maintain, ere ft, alter, renew, and change, the respective light houses and lights upon the North and South Foreland; and did give and grant unto them, their executors, adminijlrators, ‘ and ajjigns, certain duties payable for Ships and other vessels having the benefit of the said light houses and lights, with powers to colie ft the same, to bold to them, their executors, adminijlrators, and ajftgns, for ninety-nine years, from the expiration, surrender, forfeiture, or other sooner determination, of the letters patent therein recited, and the grant thereby made to the said Robert Ofbolfton, in trufi, for the foleuse, benefit, and behoof, of the poor seamen of the faidhospital: and whereas his pre and if Geo vfent Majesty, by his letters patent, bearing date on or about the sixth day of December now lajl past, after reciting the letters patent granted by King William and Queen Mary, Queen Anne, King George the Fir ft, and King George the Second, for the sounding, erecting, and managing the said hospital, as htrein before mentioned; and also reciting, that it had been found that the powers contained in the said recited letters patent had not been competent for the collecting, receiving, and applying, the revenues, rents, profits, and emoluments, given, appropriated, and belonging, or which might thereafter be given, appropriated, or belong to, or to the use of the said hospital, and bad also been found infufficicnt for other necessary and beneficial purposes -. great inconveniences and Losses had happened to the said hofpi

fons sin tal, did ordain, appoint, and eftablijb. That certain persons, in the let

reciting patent ters patent now reciting named and described, Should for ever thereafter described, in be, by virtue of the said letters patent, one body politic and corporate, corpora ted: jn jeej ang jn nme, by the name of The commiflloners and go

theirname. vernors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich in the county of Kent; and did also give sundry powers to such corporation for the better regulation and management thereof: and whereas great in conveniences will arise to the said corporation in case the legal'eftatesof and in the piece or parcel of ground, capital mejfuage, and other mtft fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, herein befort mentioned to besituate, lying, and being at Greenwich and on Saint peter’s Hiil

afore

1776.] Anno decimd sexto gfiorgn III C 24. ij}

oforefaidj and of and in the said barony, manors, mjfuages, landsytene+ aents, and hereditaments, herein before mentioned to be situate, lyings and being in the counties Northumberland W Cumberland, and county palatine j/*durham, vested by the said recited affs of parliament or purchased as aforesaidy and of and in the said lighthouse duties, ball continue and remain in so many per Jons as the same are now vefed iny and which inconveniences will be wholly removed by vejiing Jucb legal efates in the said corporation, who are now capable by law of taking and holding the same may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every After May 1, the barony, manors, messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and *776. all hereditaments, and lighthouse duties, with their several rights, members, and appurtenances, heretofore given, granted, devised, heretofore settled upon, or vested in, or conveyed or limited or devised or given or assigned to, any person or persons whomsoever, in trust for, or granted to, or for the use or benefit of the said hospital, or given, granted, or Greenwich f devised to the said hospital, by any gift, grant, letters patent, hospital, vested will, letters of administration, act of parliament, indentures, in the corpo deed poll, or other deed in writing, or otherwise howsoever, and ration of the the reversion and reversions, remainder and remainders, rents, t^vem ^ ifsups, and profits thereof, shall, from and after the first day of org>

Mayy one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, be divested out of all and every such person and persons, his, her, and their heirs, executors, and administrators, and the same shall be, and shall be deemed to be, and they are accordingly from thenceforth settled upon and vested in the said corporation, being the commissioners and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich in the county of Kenty their successors and assigns, to the use of the said commissioners and governors of the said royal hospital, their successors and assigns, for ever, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all such right, title, estate, interest, claim, and demand, as any person or persons whatsoever hath or have, or may or can have, in or to the said barony, manors, mefliiages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, and lighthouse duties, or in or to any part or parcel thereof, upon any account howsoever, save as herein after is mentioned.

II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That Act 12 Geo. 2. from'and after the said first day of May, one thousand seven hurt c repealed, dred and seventy six, all and every theclaufes and powers hereinbefore

recited to be contained in the said act of the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second; and also so much of the act passed in the eighth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, as relates to laying the accounts of the commissioners or governors of the said hospital before his Majesty and both houses of parliament; shall be, and the same are hereby repealed. T.

III And be it further enacted, That the said commissionefs barc£"

and governors of the said royal hospital, their successors and af ny, lands. See.

a signs, are to be held.

Services to be performed, and fines paid, by thetenants, agreeable to the ancient tenure. See,

How forfeitures and penalties may be recovered.

Anno decimo facto Georgii lit c.24. [1776.

signs, shall hold and enjoy all and singular the said barony,, manors, tnefluages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, and the same shall be and be deemed to be held of the king’s majesty, his heirs and successors, as of his majesty’s manor of East Greenwich in the county of Kent, by free and common soccage tenure; but nevertheless the said barony, manors, messuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, shall be, and shall be deemed to be, subject to such quit rents, crown rents, and duchy rents, issuing thereout respectively, as the same are now refpeflively liable to.

IV And whereas, by reason of the settling of the said barony, manors, mejfuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in the said commissioners and governors of the said royal hospital in manner aforesaid, 0 doubt may be made whether the tenants of the said ejiates ought from henceforth to do such acts and services, and pay such fines and fiums as, by the nature and tenure of their ejiates, founded upon immemorial usage and cufiom or otherwise, they would be to have done and performed and paid on the death of any lord thereof, in case the settlement of the said barony, manors, mejfuages, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, was made to a particular person only and his heirs: now, in order to make the like provisions as were made by an act of parliament, made and passed in the eleventh year, and of the said aftpassed in the twenty second year of his late Majesty's reignfor obliging the tenants of the said ejiates to do such acts and services, and to pdy such fines and sums of money as aforefaii, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the death of his present Majesty, (whom God long preserve for the benefit of his people), and also upon the death of every successive King or Queen of this realm, all such adis and services shall be done and performed, and all such fines and sums of money shall be paid, by the refpesive tenants of the said estates, to the said commissioners and governors of the said royal hospital, as by the ancient tenure thereof, or by any contract, law, usage, or custom, ought to be done, performed, and paid by them, in case the said manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, had continued to be or were adiually vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and that he and they were to be considered as private persons only, and not in their politic capacity; and for default of performance of such adu and services which ought foto be done and performed,, and for default of payment of any such fines and sums of money which ought foto be paid such forfeitures and penalties shall accrue and become due; and it shall be lawful for the said commissioners and governors of the said royal hospital to ufeand take all such ways and means for recovering and taking advantage of the said forfeitures and penalties as might be lawfully used or taken by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in case the said manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, were actually vested in his Majesty, his heirs andtucceflfors, and that he and they were to be considered as private persons only, and not in their politic capacity; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V And

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III e. 24. 179

V And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That All stock an all and every person and persons, in whose name or names any vcited for" stock annuities, or other moneys, is or are now (landing or being {j/ufe Of the in trust for, or for the use or benefit of the said hospital, or in hospital, to be whom any stock annuities or other moneys, hath or have been transferred to invested for, or for the use or benefit of the said hospital, and the e corpora, ftirvivors and survivor of them, or the executors and admini tlon# ftrators of such survivor, shall, as soon as conveniently may be

after the passing this a, afiign and transfer such stock annuities, or other moneys aa aforesaid, unto the said corporation,

VI And whereas diverse penalties, forfeituregifts % duties, and aether benefits have been given granted, settled, appropriated, and efiablijbed9 for the use and benefit of the said royal hospital and the maintenance thereof in and by diverse statutes heretofore made and now in forces and diverse modes have been preferred by such statutes for the recovery of such penalties, forfhtures, gifts duties, and other benefits; and inconveniences have arisen in turfuing such modes for the 1 recovery thereof; be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.

That from and after the first dty of May, one thousand seven All penalties, hundred and feventv six, alt and every penalties, forfeitures, gifts, etc^given gifts duties, and otner benefits, given, granted, settled upon, to or vc™ m or veiled in, any person or persons whomsoever, in trust for, or fo/th^benefit for the use or benefit of, the said bofjpital, or given, granted, or of the hospital, appropriated to the said hospital, shall be deemed to be, and they shall, after are accordingly from thenceforth settled upon, veiled in, and f ll appropriated to the commissioners and governors of the royal je commifli hospital for seamen at Greenwich in the county of Kenty their file oners, etc. ceflors and assigns, for the use and benefit or the said royal hospital; and that all such suits as (half or may be necessary to be brought for the recovery of any such penalties, forfeitures, gifts, duties, or other benefits aa aforesaid, or any part? of them, or either of them, shall and may be brought, commeneed, and prosecuted, by and in the name of The commissioners and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich in the county of Kent, in such and the same nrtanner as if such penalties, forfeitures, gifts, duties, and other benefits as aforesaid, had accrued to the said commissioners and governors of the said hospital in their corpot rale capacity; any law, statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII Provided always. That all and every the Tuits, bills, Provife* plaints, informations, or anions, which are now depending in

aby of his majesty’s courts of record, shall and may be prosecuted and carried on in such and the same manner as if this at had not been made.

VIII Provided also. That all and every lease and demise of Thli not ill, or any the lands, tenement, mines, and hereditaments, of to invalidate or belonging to the said royal hospital, shall and may be, and l*asea, etc. art hereby deemed to'be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes, in such and the same manner as if this act had not

been made.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Vol. XXXI O That

iso Anno decimo fefcto Georgii III C 24 — 28. [1776.

Part of an act That from and after the first day of May, one thousand (even 33 Geo. a. re hundred and seventy six, so much and such part of an adfc, made pealed.. ancj paffoi n the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for the more effeftud securing the payment of such prize and bounty moneys as were appropriated to the use of Greenwich hospital, by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his majesty’s navy, as relates to the manner of levying and recovering penalties and forfeitures, and parts of penalties and forfeitures, given or granted to or for the benefit of the said hospital, shall be, and the lame is hereby repealed, Public aft, X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That this act shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be a pub lick alt; and all judges, justices, and others, are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without fpccially pleading the same.

CAP. XXV

An act for lighting and watching the streets, lanes, and other public pailages and places, within the borough of Bolton, in the county of Lincoln; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances and obstructions therein.

CAP. XXVI

An act for lighting and watching the villages of Camberwell and peck ham, in the county of Surrey, and certain roads therein mentioned leading thereto; and for eftahlifhing a foot patrol between Peckhaa and blackman street in the borough of Southwark

CAP. XXVII

An act for better cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, and other public passages, within the borough of Dorchester, in the county of Dorset, and in the tithing of colliton row, in the town of Dorchester aforesaid; for paving the footways and repairing certain horfeways of such parts thereof as are turnpike; and for paving the footways and repairing the horfeways of such parts thereof as are not turnpike * for removing nuisances, annoyances, and cbflxuftions therein $ and for preventing houses or buildings, hereafter to be ercfted in the said borough and tithing, from being thatched.

CAP. XXVIII

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or near the own of Stourbridge, in the county of Worcetter, to join the staffbrd shire and Worctfterlhire canal, at or near Stourton, in the county of - Stafford; and also two collateral cuts, one from a place called The Fens, upon penfnet chase, to communicate with the intended canal near the.junction of wordelley brook with the river Stour; and the other from a place called Black Delpb, upon the said chase, to join the first mentianed collateral cut at or near certain lands called The Lays, in the parish of Kingfwinford, in the said county of Stafford.

Preamble. Names of the proprietors; who are incorporated: their powers. Course of the canal and cuts described. Company of Proprietors liftpowered to supply the canal with water from the adjoining brooks, C to enter lands or grounds to take surveys, See. and to dig and carry away stone, gravel, C Company may build bridges, fluiccs, C make fences, and towing paths, C doing as little damage as possible, and making

* fatiu

1776.] ^nno dcdmo sexto Georgii III g. 28.

fatisfo&ion for the same. Company not to dig clay, See. in any lands of Mr. Hodgetts. Proviso. Proprietors not authorised (without the consent of Mr. Hodgetts) to lay earth, jsec. on certain places j nor to carry the canal within 30 yards of his plantation at Hatcut 5 nor to leave spoil or earth on his land near the road from Hafcut to Stewponey. Proprietors not to extend canal within one mile and a half of Birmingham canal, C

No water to be taken out of Birmingham canal navigation, Sec. Proprietors not to take or divert certain waters. Refervauon of waters for the use of the navigation. Proprietors not to make refervpirs on the southeast side of the turnpike road between Dudley and brierly bill. See. Watte water to be conveyed to Mr. Foster's leather pnill. Proprietors may erect weirs, for carrying off superfluous water in times of flood. Proviso. Proprietors to erelt weirs upon the canal above Bell's mill. No quays. Sec. to be made in Mr. Foster's land in nager’s Fields. Direction of towing path through Nager's Fields. Breadth of canal, towing paths, C re ftn&ed. Power to take water from mines * and also to make reservoirs, trenches, See. making recompense for damages. Proprietors of fire engines, C to lift their water into the canal. Sec. How to proceed if parties cannot agree upon the compensation, Sec. Punishment of owners of fire engines, Sec. who shall refuse to raise the water as abovementioned. Bodies politic, Sec. empowered to sell and convey. All persons indemnified who shall sell or convey, Sec. by virtue of this alt. Copyhold rights to be preserved. Commissioners appointed. Commissioners powers: they may determine what sums shall be paid for land. See. and for damages. In what cases juries to be impanelled. Jurymen may be challenged. Jury to afeertain the sums to be paid for purchase money, damages, Sec. Their verdi to be final. ^ Penalties on sheriff, jurors, Sec. neglecting their duty. Expenses of Juries how to be paid. Persons requesting juries to enter into bond to prosecute, Sec. No complaints to be made to commissioners, until application hath been made to proprietors Penalty on giving false evidence. Upon payment or tender of moneys

rid on for purchase of lands, C the said lands vested in proprietors, may enter on the same, Sec. Determinations, verdis, Sec. to be recorded, and lands to become vested in the company. purchase moneys to be laid out to the same uses, C and, until such purchases are made, to be placed in some of the public funds, Sec. Commissioners to settle proportions of money to be paid to persons interested. In default of payment of damages, how'to be recovered. If Damages and costs not paid within, four months, may be levied by distress and sale. Commissioners to enter their proceedings in a book, and appoint a clerk. Destroying any works belonging to the navigation made felony. Offender may be transported for 7 years. Sec. or fined double the value of the damage. Proprietors may raise amongst themselves 30, 0001; to be applied in making canal, Sec. Money to be raised shall be divided into 300 shares.) and deemed personal eft ate. No person, body politic, C to haveinore than ten shares. Five percent, to be paid till the works are completed. Subscribers to have a vote for each share, either in person or by proxy. General assemblies to be held twice in every year. A committee to be chosen. A special meeting may be held, after ten days notice. Committee subject to control of general assembly, C Proviso. Books of account to be kept. Sec. General assemblies to consist of 100 shares. Power of general assemblies and / committees. Owners to pay their shares when called for, See. Penalty on neglect thereof. Shares not to be forfeited until after persona! notice. See Treasurer to give security. Security to be enrolied, within 3 months after given. General assemblies may remove committee men and officers and make bylaws. In case of death of fubferiber, executors. Sec. may an fwer^calls, or in default thereof, shares may be diipofed. of. Proprietors may sell their shares) the mode of doing it. No sale pending cads. Form of transfer of shares. Clerk to be appointed j his duty. Penalty, for de fault therein, 5i. Rates to be taken tor goods navigated on the canal, Sec.

If rates not paid on demand, proprietors my sue for the same, or distrain the vessel. See. Additional tonnage for goods left dn company’s wharf above *4 hours. Exemptions from rates in certain cases. Persons carry, ing paving ftoacst C may make use of towing path?, See. Proprietors

ssi;

Oi

may

\

Anno dcckno facto Georgii HI. C 281.

may alter rates from time to time. Mo reduction to be made, without the approbation of a majority at a general meeting. threepence to be taken fr every tonne of coals which mail have parted through any of the locks on the intended Dudley canal. A duty of id. per tonne per msif* may be laid upon all coals that shall be navigated upon the Staifordfliire canal navigation. Proprietors of Staffordlhire canal empowered to reduce their tolls, and to raiie them again. At what places the aforesaid toll of a d. per tonne on coals, on the Staffordlhire canal, is to continence. Matter of boats, See. to give an account in writing to the collectors, of goods on board. Penalty on default. How many feet of timber to be deemed a tonne, C collt&ors may weigh or measure goods. Charges of weighing. See. how to be paid. Navigation to be free on payment of tolls. Mo boat under 15 tonnes to pass through any lock, Sec., Owners of adjoining lands may use pleasure boats. Drains, ore. to be made for the benefit of lands adjoining, and kept in repair by the proprietors. towing paths to be fenced from the adjoining lands. Gates, bridges, Sec. to be erected. If

Jproprietors negieft to separate towing paths, C Occupiers of adjacent anas my do it, who shall be reimbursed by the proprietors. In default of payment, to be levied by distress. In case the company neglect to re

air rails, hedges. Sec. occupiers of lands may do it. Coals, Scc. found in igging the canal, may be taken by proprietors of lands. Proprietors of mines, Scc. may make drains to carry water from the same, Sec, Mines not 'to be worked within n yards of canal. Method of getting coal. Sec, under canal. Method of discovering when mines are working under or near the canal. How proprietors to proceed in such cases. Company to inspect coal mines. Sec. On failure whereof,, owners may work the famcj or the company shall make them satisfaction. Disputes to be settled by the commissioners, Sec. Owners of mines may make cuts through tbetr own grounds. Owners of mines empowered to make rail ways. Sec. If < parties cannot agree, may apply to the commissioners, who are to view the place, and settle the differences, Sec. Proprietors may erect a towing bridge over the Staffordshire canal $ making latiifaftion for damages, Lowermost lock on canal, not to be of iefs fall than 10 feet. Canal, be tween Stourbridge and bell’s Mill, to be on a level. Time limited for finishing certain parts of canal, Sec. Owners of adjoining lands may erect bridges, cat their own charge. Company restrained from erecting or taking down certain buildings, dec. or cutting down timber, CC fexcept as excepted.) Proprietors empowered to take down certain (hops, etc. belonging to the earl of Stamford. If parties cannot agree, difference to be settled oy commissioners, C Company not to take down certain hooses, without content of owners, dec. land ownrrs, may erect warehoutes, con their own lands, C If landowners neglect to build, See. after twelve months notice, proprietors may do it, making satisfaction to the owners. Proprietors not to make i^ads over lands of the earl of Stamford, Sec. without their content, nor to leave goods on their wharves, longer than 6 days, crates for wharfage to be paid to landowners. Company of proprietors may ere cranes, Scc. on wharves, if owners neglect. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked on each side, and names of the owners, con penalty of 40 s. Boats, C to be measured: Penalty, on yefufal, 40 s. Boatiuaiter or owner made answerable for damages done by the crew. Proper places to be made for boats to turn or lie in. Penalty on placing vertels so as to obftrutt the navigation, C Vessels sunk to be weighed. Persons floating timber on the canal, or over loading vessels, r throwing gravel, Sec. into canal, to forfeit, 51. Regulations for vessels parting the locks. Penalty of 40 s. for each offence. Canal not to be under the power of commissioners of sewers. If company neglect to pay annual rents. Sec. Commissioners may appoint a person to receive the rates, and pay the same. Sec. Reservation of rights of lords of manors, See. relating to mines, Sec. Company not to ere£t warehoutes, dec. without content of landowners. Reservation of exclusive rights of filhfry, be. Care being taken not to injure canal, towing paths, See. Unqualified persons not to carry any gun, fishing net, Sec. on board any veffei, on penalty of 5i. for each offence. When commissioners die, or refute to aft, new taes to be chosen. Joftices at. quarter ftffioiu empowered to nominate

i] Anno derimo sexto Georgii in. C 29. g.

commissioncw in certain cases. Qualification of comraidioncrs. Any per fonacting, not qualified, to forfeit 50). Commissioners to give 14 days notice of their meetings. cominifboners to be fwom. Their oath. com nifikmers may a ft as Justices No commaffioner to aft as such while ho poflefies any place of profit, C Five commissioners, on requed of proprietors, See. may appoint a general meeting of commhlioners. Power to bold special meetings for ascertaining damages. No meeting to be held, but within two miles of the canal, C The right, C to lands, in case navigation not completed, See. to be re conveyed to original owners. In case of difpate, jury to award the consideration money, C Subfceibero who neglect to pay their subscriptions, may be compelied, C Ex pence of this act how to be paid. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Writings to be without damps. Proceedings not to be / qaaflied for want of form, See. Distress not to be deemed unlawful foe want of form. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the felfions. limibtiot of actions. General issue. Double cods.. Public aft.

CAP. XXIX

Ac off for vejling in John Liardet, clerk, bis executors, admtmfira tors, and affignsthe foie ufo and property of a certain eompofitlm nr cement of his invention, throughout his Majtftfs kingdom of Great Britain, and in the colonies and plantations abroad, fa <* limited time.

WHEREAS his most excellent majesty King George the Preamble Third, by his letters patent under the great fieal of Great Britain, bearing date at West minder the third day of Apnl, which was in the thirteenth year of bis reign, did give and grant unto John Liardet, of Great suffolk street, in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the county 0/middlesex, clerk, bis executors admini jlrators, and assigns, his foie privilege and authority to make, ufo, exercifo, and vend, a certain.composition or cement, fa all the branches concerning buildings to which the same was applicable, within that part of Great Bntian called England, bis dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in any of his Majesty's colonies and plantations abroad, for the term of fourteen years: and whereas, unless the term granted by the/aid letters patent be prolonged, and the property of the said John Liardet in the fold invention better secured, not only within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in his Majesty's colonies and plantations abroad, but also within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, it wilt neither be pojfibli for the fold John Liardet to receive an adequate retompence for his labour, ex pence, and time, nor for the public at large to reap the various advantages in point of utility and economy, as well as ornament in building, which would arise from this invention were its ufo univerfolly dffiused, and its price lowered, upon which the demand, and confe qutntly the profits of the proprietor mujl depend: and whereas the cement from its nature grows too hard for ufo if not used soon after it is made, and therefore mujl be made where used, or near it, from which citcumfiance the ufo thereof has hitherto been confined to the metropolis and a few miles about it, as training workmen and eridling works is difficult and expensive: and whereas,. if the term is not enlarged, the same narrow plan mujl be continued, a general plan of

O 3 erea

184

The foie privilege of make ing and vend ing the cement vested in John Liardet, his executors, C for eighteen years.

Penalty on

Other persons making cement without licence, etc.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III c.29. [1776.

ere flirt? vdorks and training men all over the kingdom, which is necessary if the use of the cement is to be universal, cannot upon so horta profpefl be undertaken, the circle cannot be enlarged, and the price mufi continue such as may indemnify the proprietor for his expense, out of the profits arising from a very small conjumption only, during his present term: to the end therefore that the said John Liardet maybe enabled and encouraged to prosecute and complete his said invention, so that the public may reap all the advantages to be derived therefrom in their fullefi extent, may it please your Majesty (at the humble petition of the said John Liardet) that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the palling of this * the foie privilege and advantage of making, using, exercising, ’ and vending the said composition, or cement mentioned in the said letters patent, with the additions and improvements since made therein, within the kingdom of Great Britain, and his Ma ‘ jelly's colonies and plantations abroad, shall be, and the same is and are hereby declared to be, vested in the said John Liardet, Jiis executors, administrators, and aftigns, for and during the term of eighteen years from thenceforth next ensuing, and fully to be complete and ended; and that he the said John Liardet, his executors, administrators, and aftigns, and every of them, by himself and themselves, or by his or thpir deputy or deputies, servants or agents, or lhch others as he, the said John Liardet, his executors, administrators, or aftigns, shall at any 'time agree with, and no others, from time to time, and at all times, during the term of years herein before Uft mentioned, shall, and lawfully may, make, use, exercise, and vend, the said composition or cement herein before mentioned, with all and every the additions and improvements thereof, within the kingdom of Great Britain, and in his majesty’s colonies and plantations abroad, in such manner as to him the said John Liardet, his executors, administrators, and aftigns, or any of them, shall in his or their discretion seem meet; and that the said John Liardet, his executors, administrators, and aftigns, and every of them, shall, and lawfully may, have and enjoy the whole profit, benefit, commodity, and advantage, from time to time coping, growing, accruing, and arising, by reason of the, said invention, for and during the said term of eighteen years herein before mentioned, to have, hold, exercise, and enjoy, the said privileges and authorities, and every part thereof, unto the said John Liardet, his executors, adtpiniftrators, and aftigns; for and during and unto the full end and term of eighteen years as aforesaid; and that no cither person or persons, within the kingdom of Great Britain, or in any of his majesty’s colonies or plantations abroad, shall at any time, during the said term of eighteen years, either directly or indirectly, make, use, or put in practice, the said invention, or any part of the same, nor in anywise counterfeit, imitate, or resemble the same, nor shall make, or i' ’ ' ' r ... cause

1776.] Anno decimq fextd Georgii III c.29. if

cause to be made, any addition thereunto or fubftraftion from the same, whereby to pretend himself, herself, or themselves, the inventor or inventors, devisor or devitors thereof, without the licence, consent? or agreement, of the said John Liardet, his executors, administrators, or assigns, in writing under his or their hand and seal or hands and seals first had and obtained in that behalf, upon such pains and penalties as can or may be justly inflicted on such offender or offenders for his, her, or their contempt of this a, and further to' be answerable to the said John Liardety his executors, administrators, and afllgns, according to law, for his and their damages thereby occationed.

II And whereas the said John Liardet has hitherto furnished the send cement at the rate of sixpence per foot square on the surfaces of all plain buildings, and twopence per foot running measure for arrifes\ to the end therefore that the public may be affiired of the advantage of this invention at the same price during the continuance of tkl aft,

be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall John Liardet not be lawful for the said John Liardet, his executors, admini not t0 k hi, ftrators, or assigns, during the continuance of this act, to ak, th^ceitata^ demand, or take, any greater price than sixpence by the foot prices men square, and twopence per foot as aforesaid for arrises, for cover tioned. any plain work with the aforesaid cement or composition.

III Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing Thit aft not in this act contained shall extend, or be conffrued to extend, to t0 binder the prejudice or hinder any person or persons from making or using ^postion any composition or cement, or anything relating thereto, for which is not the purposes aforesaid, or for any other purpose, which is or arc the invention not at present of the invention or application of the said John John Liar Liardety or which has or have been publicly used or exercised dcr*ctc*

by any other person or persons before the date of the said letters patent herein before recited; but that all such composition or cement, and everything relating thereto, which is or are not at present of the invention of the said John Liardety or is or are not particulirly ascertained and described in the instrument or specification herein after mentioned, shall be and remain to the public, and to the respective inventor or inventors thereof, in like manner as if this act had never been made, anything herein contained to the contrary notwitfiftanding.

IV And be it hereby declared and enacted. That every objection which might have been made to the said cement's not being a new invention, within the true intent and meaning of an act of the twenty first of James the First, sufficient to invalidate letters patenr, may be made in bar to any action brought by virtue or in eonfequence of this act.

V Provided always, That if the said John Liardety his cxe If John liar cutors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons who der, etc aajl shall, at any time during the said term of eighteen years, have p^vije^^f or claim any right, title, or interest, in law or equity, of, in, or making CC to, the power, privilege, or authority, of the foie making, using, mem to more exercising, and vending, the said composition or cement, shall han 5 pcr prafce any transfer or alignment, or pretended transfer or assign Ctc*

o4. tnent.

x8 6

Anno decitno sexto Georgii III C 49. [1776,

tnent, of the said liberty or privilege hereby vested in die said John Liardet, his executors, administrators, and aftigns, or any mare or shares of the benefit or profits thereof, or shall declare any trusts thereof to or for any number of persons exceeding the number of five; or shall open, or cause to be opened, any book or books for public subscriptions to be made by any number of persons exceeding the number of five, in order to the railing of any sum or sums of money under pretence of carrying on the said liberty or privilege hereby vested in the said John Liardet^ his executors, adminiftrator9, or aftigns; or (half, by him or themselves, or his or their agents or servants, receive any sum or sums of money whatsoever, of any number of persons exceeding in the whole the number of five, for such or the like intents or purposes; or shall presume to ad as a corporate body, or shall divide the benefit of the liberty or privileges hereby vested in the said John Liardet, his executors, administrators, and aftigns, into any number of shares exceeding the number of five; or or shall do any shall commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any thirs to tiie niattcr» or thing whatsoever, during such time as such per icoted ad of f°n or pcrf°ns shall have any right or title either in law or 6 Geo. i equity, which shall be contrary to the true intent and meaoing of an act of parliament, made in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Fir ft, (entitled, An act for the better securing certain powers and privileges, intended to be granted by his Majesty by two charters for assurance of Ships and merchandizes at fici and for lending money upon bottomry; and for refraining several extravagant and unwarrantable practises therein mentioned;) or in case the said power, privilege, or authority, shall at any time become vested in, or in trust for, more than the number of five persons or their representatives at any one time, otherwise than by devise or succession, (reckoning executors and administrators as and for the Angle persons whom they represent, as to such interest as they are or shall be entitled to in right this act of such their testator or intestate) that then, and in every of the to become said cases, all liberties and advantages whatsoever, hereby vested wold in the said John Liardet, his executors, administrators, and

aftigns, shall utterly cease, determine, and become void, anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anyt wise notwithstanding.

VI Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared by Jcbn Liardet, the authority aforesaid, That if the said John Liardet, his exe itieeficabon * cutors’ administrators, or aftigns, or same or one of them, shall ofth/nature tlot particularly deferibe and afeertain the nature of his said in ot his inven vention in its present improved state, and in what manner the tion to be in. same is to be performed, by an instrument in' writing under his rolledinchan han(i and fca|# an(j Cause the same to be enrolled in the high 4. nv>nth$), n coutt of Chancery, within four calendar months after the pasting or to lost ’/ e ad; that then, al] the liberties, powers, privileges, and

benetu ot ims advantages, hereby vested in the said John Liardet, his execu tt. tors, administrators, and aftigns, shall ccafe, deter m.nc, and be

antj

1776.3 Anno decimo sexto Georgii JII. C 30. 187

and become abfojutely voi4> anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That this alt shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a pub Poblick aft. lick ad $ and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXX

4* 00 mere effectually to prevent the fleeting of deer, and to repeal several former statutes made for the like purpose.

WHEREAS the statutes now in font for discovery and puniflment of deer flealers are numerous, and many of them ineffectual: and whereas the good purposes thereby intended might be better effected, iffuch of the aid statutes as are found to be defective were repeated, and fluh good proviflons as are therein contained, together with Jucb further proviflons as may be expedient, were reduced inu one aft 1 be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent jnajeily, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That if any person Preamble, pr persons (hajl coqrfe or hunt, or shall take in any slip, noose, Penalty on toyle, or snare, or shall kill, wound, or destroy, or shall (hoot ^ar|j°jj^ho at, or otherwise attempt to kill, wound, or destroy, or shall carry away, any red or fallow deer, in any forest, chase, purlieu, or or Shoot at ancient walk, whether enclosed dr not, or in any enclosed park, etc. any fal paddock, wood, or other enclosed ground, where deer are, have deer, iin

been, or shall be uftjally kept, without the consent of the owner, pjfc^c/ or without being otherwise duly authorised, or shall be aiding, without being abetting, or aflifling therein or thereunto, every person so of duly autho sending, by coursing, hunting, (hooting at, or otherwise at” ” *** to kill, wound, or destroy, or by aiding therein or fhereunto, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds; and every person so offending by killing, wounding, or destroying, or by taking in any slip, noose, toyle, or snare, or by carrying away, or by aiding therein respectively, shall, for every deer so wounded, kilied, destroyed, taken, or carried away, forfeit and pay the sum of thirty pounds; and if the offender in '

any of the cases aforesaid shall be a keeper of, or person in any manner entrusted with the custody or care of deer, in the forest, chase, purlieu, ancient walk, or enclosed park, paddock, or wood, or other enclosed place, where the offence shall be committed, every such offender shall forfeit and pay double the penalry hereip before appointed to be paid by other offenders;, and if any person or persons, after having been convicted of any pf the aforesaid offences, shall offend a second time against this act, by committing any of the aforesaid offences, such second pffence, whether it be the same as the first offence, or be any pther of the aforesaid offences, shall be deemed and adjudged to l>c felony, and thp person guilty thereof, being lawfully convict

is

Persons cost victed under former as, still liable to penalties, etc.

How justices to proceed on conviction of offenders.

Justices may grant warrants to search suspected houses, Sec. tor heads and (kins of deer, C

Penalty on; »cr(ons in u hole custody any such shall jbjs found. See.

Anno decimo sexto gteorgii IJI. C 30. [1776.

rf upon indictment, shall be transported to one of his majesty’s plantations in America for the space of seven years.

II And be it further enacted, That every person who hath been, or, before the commencement of this act, shall be, convicted under any statute now in force, for unlawfully hunting, courting, killing, taking, or carrying away, any deer out of any forest, chase, purlieu, ancient walk, park, paddock, wood, or jnclofed ground, shall be.fuhject and liable to the several pains and penalties by such statute provided, in like manner as if this a had not been made; and in case any such offender shall, after the commencement of this act, be guilty and convicted of any of the aforesaid offences against this act, (the legal proof of such first or former conviction having been first made,) every such person shall be deemed and adjudged to have committed a second offence against this act, in like manner as if this act had been in force at the time of such first conviction, and as if such conviction had been made under the provisions of this act.

III And, to the intent that the prosecution of persons who ball offend a second time in. manner aforesaid, may be carried on with as tittle expente and trouble as is pofftble, be it further enacted, That the justice beforelwhom any person shall, after the commencement of this act, be convicted for the first time of any of the offences before described, shall transmit such conviction, under his hand and seal, to the quarter session which next after such conviction shall be held For the county riding division, city, town, or place, wherein such first offence shall be committed, there to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and to be kept amongst the records of the peace; and such conviction so filed, or a true cdpy thereof certified and subscribed by such clerk of the peace, shall be sufficient evidence to prove the conviction of such first offence as aforesaid.

IV And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any one justice of the peace, upon complaint made to him on oath by any credible person, that there is reason to suspect any person or persons of having in his, her, or their custody or possession, or in any dwelling house, outhouses, yard, garden, or place, any red or fallow deer, which shall have been unlawfully killed or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, or any slip, noose, toyle, snare, or other engine, for the unlawful taking of deer, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such person and persons, and such dwelling house, out hoi; fe, garden, or place, to be searched; and if any red or fallow deer, suspected to have been unlawfully kilied, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, or any slip, noose, toyle, snare, or other engine, suspected to be used for the unlawful taking or killing of deer, shall be found in his, her, or their custody or possession, or in such dwelling house, outhouses, garden, or place, to cause the fiine and suck person or persons so having possession, or in whose dwelling house, outhouses, garden, or other place, the same shall be found, to be brought before any justice of the peace having

'p ^urif

177^3 Anno decimo sexto Georgii HI. c.30: 189

jurisdiction; and if such person or persons shall not produce before such justice the party of whom he, (he, or they received the same, or satisfy such justice that he, (he, or they came lawfully by such deer, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, or bad a lawful occasion for such slip, noose, toyle, snare, or other engine, or did not keep the same for any unlawful purpose, then every such person shall forfeit any (um not exceeding thirty pounds, nor less than ten pounds, at the discretion of such justice.

V And be it further enacted, That if any red or fallow deer. In case the said suspected to have been unlawfully kilied, or the head, (kin, or Pcrf°™ can “other part of such deer, shall, on a search under a warrant fropi £0* any justice of the peace, be found in the possession or custody of justice are any person or persons, or in any dwelling house, outhouses, to proceed, garden, or other place, or shall be proved to have been in the possession, house, outhouses, garden, or place, of any person or persons who may be justly suspected to have come difboneftly or unlawfully by the same as aforesaid 5 and such person or persons lb in possession, or the owner or occupier of such dwelling house, outhouses, garden, or other place, shall nor, under thp provisions aforesaid, be liable to conviction; then, and in every such case, for the discovery of the party or parties who actually killed or Hole such deer, it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice of the peace having jurisdiction as the evidence given and the circumstances of the case shall require, to summon before him, at his discretion, every person through whose hands such deer, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof so found, shall appear to have pafled5 and if the person and persons from whom such deer, or the head, (kin, or other part thereof, shall appear to have been first received, or who having had possession thereof,

shall not give proof, to the (atisfadtion of such justice, that he,

(he, or they came lawfully by the same, such person or persons shall, on every conviction, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding thirty pounds, nor less than teij pounds, at the diforetion of Inch justice.

VL And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear, Sufpefled per on the oath of a credible witness, that any perfpn or persons f°ni baling hath or have had in his, her, or their possession, house, ^cin their house, garden, or place, any red or fallow deer, or the (kin, possession * or other part thereof, and shall be reasonably suspected to how 10 be have come difltioneftly or unlawfully thereby, then, and in every proceeded such case, every such person or persons, and all other persons through whose hands the same shall appear to have passed under the like suspicion, shall and may be proceeded against in like manner and form, and on conviction shall be subject and liable to the same penalty or penalties, as if such deer, or the head,

(kin, or other part thereof, had been found in the possession, fiouse, outhouses, garden, or place, of such person of persons, upon a search made under and by virtue of any such warrant 3$ aforesaid.

yxlf And be it further enacted, That in case any person or

Penalty on persons fet nng nets wires. See. for taking deer, in any foreit, chase, dec.

Penalty on persons pulling down pales or walls, cof any sore ft, park, See.,

Penalty on persons carrying firearms, into any toreft, park, C w»ih inrent to destroy leer

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III c. 30. [1776.

persons shall fet, lay, or use, any net, wire, ship, noose, toyle, or other engine, for the purpose of taking or killing deer, within or upon any forest, chase, purlieu, or ancient walk, or in the ring or outer fence or bank dividing the same from the adjoining lands; or in any indofed park, paddock, wood, or ground, where deer are, have been, or shall be usually kept, such period or persons, not being the owner of such forest, chase, purlieu, ancient walk, park, paddock, wood, or ground, or intruded with the care of the deer within the same, and shall be comri&ed of any of such offences, every such offender (hau forfeit and pay, for the first offence, any (urn not exceeding ten pounds, nor than five pounds; and if afterwards convicted of any of the offences lad mentioned, shall, on every conviction after the first, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor Ieiii than ten pounds; which said refpeduve forfeitures, shall be fet at the discretion of the judice or judices before whom the offender or offenders shall be convicted of such first or further offence.

VIII And be it further eroded, That if any person or persons shall at any time wilfully pull down or destroy, or cause to be wilfully pulled down or destroyed, the pale or pales, or any part of the walls of any forest, chase, purlieu, ancient walk, park, paddock, wood, or other ground, where any red or fallow deer shall be then kept, without the consent of the owner or perio* chiefly intruded with the cudody thereof, or being otherwise duly authorued, every person so offending shall be subject unto the forfeiture and penalty hereby infixed for the first offence of killing of any deer.

. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per tonnes, carrying any gun, or other firearms or any (word, stass,

, other offensive weapon, shall come into any forest, chase, purlieu, or ancient walk, or into any indofod park, paddock, wood, or into any other.ground where deer are usually kept, bo the same incjofcd or not enclosed, with an intent unlawfully to (hoot at, course, or hunt, or to take in any slip, noose, toyle, snare, or other engine, or to kill, wound, destroy, or take away, any red or fallow deer, it shall be lawful for every ranger or keeper, or person intruded with the care of such deer, to ferae and take from such person and persons, in and upon such forest, chase, purlieu, ancient walk, park, paddock, wood, or other ground, to and for the use of the owner thereof respectively, all such guhs, firearms, ships, nooses, toyles, snares, or other engines, and all dogs there brought for courting deer, in the same and like manner as the game keepers of manors are empowered by law within their respective manors, to seize and take dogs, nets, or other engines, in the custody of persons not qualified by the laws to keep the same; and if any such person or persons shall there unlawfully beat or womad any ranger or keeper, or his or their servants or assistants, in .the execution of his or their office or offices, or shall attempt to refeue any person in the lawful custody of any such ranger, jcee^r, forvant, or assistant,

J every

1776j Atmo cfeciroo sexto georgum. C 3a « 191

every person so offending shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and on being lawfully cohvi&ed on ind'uftment,

shall be transported to one of his majesty’s plantations in America

for the space of seven years. 1

X And be it further enacted, That, upon complaint or in How justices formation upon oath, of any one or more credible witness or to proceed 00 wttnestes, before any one justice of the peace having jurisdiction, offences of any offence committed against this at, it shall and may be

lawful to and for such justice (except in such cases only where the justice is fpeciaily directed previoufty to summon the party before hkn) to cause the person or persons, who shall be charged,

by filch complaint or information, to be apprehended by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, and to be brought before him at such time and place as shall be specified in and by fach warrant, and thereupon such justice shall and may proceed to hear the matter of such complaint or information, and to adjudge and determine the same; and in such case where it is pro sided by this act that the party complained of shall be summoned to appear, if the party so summoned shall not appear according to such'summons, then, upon due proof made of the fervlce filth summons, either personally, or by leaving the same at his dwehrng house, lodgings, or other usual place of abode, it (halt be lawful for the justice, before whom the party was so *

fommoned to appear, to apprehend such party by warrant and to proceed as if no previous summons had been directed by this act.

XI And be tt further enabled, That all the pecuniary penal - Penalties how ties of this act shall be recoverable before one or more justice or to be reco jnftices of the peace for the county or other division in which vered and the offence shall be committed, on proof of the offence, by the; app ie * oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or on confession

of the offender; and one moiety of each penalty shall belong to the King's majesty, his heirs and fuceeffors, and be paid, for his and their use, into the hands of such person or persons as the said justice or justices shall direeft, and the other moiety thereof shall belong and be paid to the informer or informers profeeuting for the same; and in case of nonpayment thereof, ff not paid With the charges incident to the conviction, immediately upon onconvic the conviction, the said penalty or penalties, and the charges in tdent, shall be levied by difyrefs and sale of the goods and diitrefr* chattels of every such offender, by warrant under the hand and seal or hands and seals of the justice or justices before whom fach convidfcion shall be made; and for want of fufl&cient dlstress, the offender or offenders, except in such cases only where it is otherwise provided by this act, shall be sent by^the said justice orjustices to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence shall be committed for the space of one whole year, without bail or mainprize, unless the said penalty, and charges incident, shall be foorter paid.

XII And,, to the end that persons, convicted of any of the offences for which pecuniary penalties are infixed by this may not. by

sight

Justices may order offend

fies are not immediately

pai*.

Proviso.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 30. [1776*

slight or removal after conviction, evade imprijonment where such penalties Shall not be paid on convictions and sufficient dijlrefs cannot be found for raiftng such penalties, be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the justice or justices of the peace, before ers mto cufto whosj_ai^ Offender shall be convicted of having incurred any y, u pena - p^^jjj.y penalty of this af, immediately after such'conviction* to order him or her into custody, in case he or (lie shall not immediately pay the penalty due on such convf&ion, during such time, not exceeding three days, as such juftfce or justices shall think proper to allow for return of the warrant for raising the penalty by distress and sale as aforesaid.

XIII Provided always, That if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, either by the confession of the party convicted, of otherwise, that such party hath not goods or chattels sufficient whereon to levy the penalty or penalties lo. due, then, and in such case, the fa; d justice or justices shall and may, without issuing any warrant of distress, proceed to commit, the party so convicted, as if a warrant of distress had been ifhied, and a nulla bona returned thereon.

Regulation XIV Provided also, That if any person, committed for any for justices first offence against this at, shall, before his commitment to

where security prison, procure security to be given by two sufficient sureties, to

is given, the satisfaction of the justice or justices before whom he shall be so convicted, for payment of the penalty or penalties incurred, with the charges incident, within six days, inclusive of the day of copvi&ion, then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices to accept such security, and upon nonpayment thereof at the time to be stipulated for that purpose, to caufethe party convicted, and his said sureties, to be aprehended by warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, and them to commit to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence was committed, for such space of time as the party convicted was subject ahd liable to have been imprisoned in case no such security had been given, unless the penalty or charges shall be foonerpaid.

Keeper of any XV And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be law forett, park, full for any keeper or under keeper of any forest, chase, purlieu, C may ap ancient walk, paddock, park, or other ground enclosed, where deer are, have been, or shall be usually kept, and their servants orassistants, to seize and apprehend, upon the spot, any person or persons whom they shall discover in the actual of hunting, coursing, killing, wounding, (hooting at, taking, destroying, or carrying away, any red or fallow deer from any such forest, chase, purlieu, or ancient walk, whether enclosed or not, or in any enclosed park, paddock, wood, or in any other enclosed ground, or attempting foto do, or in setting or laying any net wire, ship, noose, toyle, snare, or other engine therein, for the taking, killing, or destroying of deer therein, and to carry such offender or offenders before some neighbouring justice of the peace having jurisdiction, to be dealt with according to law. XVI And be it further enacted. That in case any offender for

his

prebend persons hunting, cof deer, or laying any net, Scc. therein.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto geor6ii III C 30. 19 j

his first offence against this act, shall, for want of a sufficient In what cases

distress, be committed to gaol, and shall, whilst in gaol, obtain

the consent in writing of the prosecutor, and also of the ownft, etti

ranger, forester, keeper, or other person chiefly intruded with the larged.

care of the deer in the forest, chase, purlieu, ancient walk, park,

park, paddock, or place, wherein the offence was committed, for

his enlargement; that then, and in every such case, it shall and

may be lawful to and for the justices of the peace having jurisdiction, at their quarter or general sessions, to cause such offender to be brought before them, and thereupon by their order to direst

the keeper of such goal to fet such offender at liberty; and the,

laid keeper is hereby directed to obey such order accordingly, anything

herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding

Andy for the bitter discovery of offenders against this acf9

be it further enacted, That any person who shall offend against Any offemfet this act, and shall make discovery of any other person or persons making dif who bath or have offended against the same, so as he, (he, or they, be duly convicted of such offence according to this act; pcna}^ then, apd in such case, such discoverer shall be discharged of all F the forfeitures and penalties of this act, by him, her, or them incurred previous to such discovery %

XVIII Andy in order to prevent the quajhing of convictions of offenders ogainft this ab for want of fornty be it further enacted,

That the conviction and convictions of all and every offenders Howjufticetto against this act shall be certified by the justice or justices of the convlaionof peace before whom the same shall be made, to the next general offenders quarter sessions of the peace, to be filed amongst the records of the said feflions5 and that such conviction shall be fairly written on parchment or paper in the following form of words, as the case shall happen, or in any other form of words to the like efsect;; is to say, (to wit,)

BE it rememberedy That on the day of Form of con.

in the year vi&ioi*.

AB. was, upon the complaint of C D. convicted before of the justices of the peace for

in purjuance of an act passed in the year of the reign of his majesty King George the Tbirdy for (as the c$fe shall be).

Given under hand and seal the day and year above

written.

/

Which said conviction shall be good and effectual in law to all intents and purposes, and shall not be quaftied^ fet aside, or adjudged void or infufficiem, for want of any form or words whatsoever

XIX And be it further enacted, ttiat^no Certiorari shall be pn wbat con allowed to remove any conviction made, or other proceedings, ditions crr/#s* of, for, or concerning any matter or thing in this act, unless the * "

parry of parties convicted shall, before the allowance of such Certiorari, become bound to the person or persons. profecuttng

in

f 94 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 30. [ 1776.

in the sum of one hundred pounds, with sufficient sureties as the justice or justices of the peace before whom the offender was convicted, with condition to pay unto the said prosecutors, within thirty days after such conviction confirmed, on a Procedendo granted, their full costs and damages, to be ascertained upon their oaths; and shall become also bound to the justice or justices of the peace before whom such, conviction was made, with such sufficient sureties as such justice or justices shall approve of, in the penalty of sixty pounds for each offence, with condition to prosecute such writ of Certiorari with efsect, and to pay such justice or justices the forfeitures due by such conviction, to be distributed as by this act is directed, or to render the person or persons convicted to such justice or justices, within thirty days next after such conviction shall be confirmed, or a Procedendo granted; and that in default thereof, it shall be lawful to proceed to the levying of the penalty mentioned in such conviction, in such manner as if no such Certiorari had been awarded.

to ceetaf nd b.c.. lt ^urther enacted, That, after the confirmation

ter^onfirma * any conviction or convidions upon this act, by any of the tion of con superior courts at Weliminjier% and delivering the rule to the ftid vi&iont. justice or justices, wnereby such conviction or convidions hath or have been so confirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices to proceed against the party or parties convicted, in the same manner a6 if a Procedendo had been granted.

XXI Provided always, and it is hereby declared and Persons ag enacted, That if any person or persons shall think him, grieved may her, or themselves aggrieved by the judgement or deterroi* quarte/fc?6 nat*on any juftlce or justices of the peace, upon conviction fcooss of or for .any of the offences in this act, and shall not have

sought his remedy by removing the matter by Certiorari, as aforesaid, such person or persons may appeal from the judgement of the said justice or justices, to the general or quarter sessions of the peace, to be held for the said county, division, or place, where such person or persons was or were convicted, next after the expiration of twenty days from the time of such conviction $ the person or persons so appealing shall, and he, (he, and they, are hereby required and directed to give at lead six days notice in writing to the prosecutor or prolecutois of such person.or persons as shall so appeal, of such his, her, or their intention of bringing and prosecuting such appeal, and of the matter thereof, and shall enter into recognisance before same justice or justices of the peace for the county, division, or place, wherein the conviction or judgement was made or given with two sufficient sureties, to be approved by the said justice or justices, on conviction to appear and try such appeal at the general or quarter session which shall be held in and for the county, division, or place, wherein such conviction or judgement was made or given, next and immediately after the expiration of ten days from the time of such conviction, and to abide by the order or determination of suck court, and for payment of such costs and charges as

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 30. 195

shall be awarded at the said court; and every such appeal and whofedeter appeals shall, by the court at the said general or quarter sessions, to which such appeal or appeals is or are made, be then examined, e na ' and the facts and circumstances of the case fully inquired into, and the matter then finally heard and determined; and in case fuofc judgement, determination, or conviction, as aforesaid, shall be then and there affirmed, the party appealing shall pay unto the prosecutor or prosecutors, his, her, or their full costs, to be ascertained by order of the said court of general or quarter sessions.

XXII Provided also, That in case any person or persons, Persons hava thinking him, her, or themselves aggrieved, as aforesaid, shall »ng pad tie have paid the penalty inflicted by this act for the offence of peaty, or which he, (he, or they shall have been convicted, or shall be then imprisoned; every such person or persons having so paid, or appeal, C being so imprisoned, may appeal to such judgement, order, determination, or conviction as aforesaid, on entering into recognisance by himself, herself, or themselves only, and without any

surety or sureties, conditioned as before mentioned, the said penalty remaining in the hands of such justice or jullices, or such person or persons continuing in prison in the mean time, and until the merits of the said appeal shall be heard and finally determined.

XXIII Provided also. That no such. conviction made, or Proceedings judgement given as aforesaid, shall be fet aside by the said court not *0 be

or general or quarter sessions, for want of form, or for want f want*of form dating, or through the miftating of any facts, circumstances, or, *

matter whatsoever, in case the facts aliedged in the said conviction, or on which the same shall be grounded, * shall be proved to the fatisraction bf the said cot^rt; but such appeal and appeals shall be decided on the merits of the case only; nor shall such conviction or judgement be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his maje(ty’s courts of record at Wejlminjier; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any person Defendants or persons'shall be sued or prosecuted for any matter or thing may plead rhe which he or they shall do in ptirfuance of this act, it shall arid gcn,

may be lawful to and for the person or persons so sued or prosecuted to plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or suffer a discontinuance; or if upon a demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff, the defendant shall have and recover his treble costs, and have Treble costs. the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath in any other case by law.

xxv/and be it further enacted, That every prosecution for prosecutions any offence against this act, shall be commenced within twelve under this a calendar months, but not after, from the time of the offence tobe£?m' committed; and that such persons as shall be prosecuted under this act for any of the offences aforesaid, shall not be liable to Vqi,. XXXI P ’ proa

196

Limitation of actions.

Commencement of this

ad.

Parts of various statutes repealed:

13 Rica.

19 Hen. 7«

5 Eliz#

3 ic * *.

>3 Car. a

3 & 4 Gul. & Mar.

I Geo. i.

no Geo. z.

Anna decimo sexto Georgii III C 30. [ 1776,

prosecution for the same offences under any other act of parliament, or in any court of attachment, fwainmote, eyre, or any forest court.

XXVI And be it further enaded/that all actions, writs, and prosecutions, to be Commenced against any person or persons for anything to be done under or in pursuance of this t, shall be laid and tried in the county or place where the was committed, and shall be commenced within six calendar months after the committed, and not otherwise.

XXVII And be it further cnaded. That this act shall commence and begin to be in force on the tenth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy fix: and from and immediately after the commencement thereof, so much of the thirteenth chapter of the first part of the statutes made in the thirteenth year of the reign of Richard the Second, as inflids a penalty on those who shall use heys, nets, or other engines, for destroying deer 3 so much of the eleventh chapter of the statutes made in the nineteenth year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh, as relates to deer; and also so much of an ad, made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, entitled. An act for punishing of unlawful taking fijh, deer, or hawks, as relates to deer; and also so much of an ad, made in the third year of the reign of King James the First, entitled. An act Qgainjl unlawful bunting, and dealing of deer and conies, as relates to deer; and also so much or an ad, made in the seventh year" of the reign of the said King James the First, entitled. An act for the explanation of one Jtatute made in the second fejjton of this present parliament, entitled. An ad against unlawful hunting, and dealing of deer and conies, as relates to deer, except such part thereof as repeals any part of the statutes of the third of James before mentioned; xand also an ad, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled. An act to prevent the unlawful courfwg, hunting, or killing of deer; as also an ad, made in the third and fourth years of the feign of their late majesties King ivuliam and Queen Mary, entitled. An act far the more effectual discovery and punishment of deer dealers; and also an ad, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, entitled, An act for making more effectual an act of the third and fourth years of the reign of King William Iand £)uien Mary, entitled. An act for the more effectual discovery and punishment of deer dealers; and also so much of an ad, made in the tenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled. An act for continuing an act for the more ejfeftualpunijhing wicked and evil disposed perfms going armed in dijguise, and doing injuries and violences to the perfom and properties of his Mnjejlys subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the offenders to jujlice; and for the continuing two clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river or sea bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop binds, contained in an act peffei in the sixth year of his present Majtflys reign; and for the more tf fcftuai puni(bment of persons removing any materials used for securing

imrjb

177^*1 Anno decimo sexto georgii III c.jr. ijjf

marjb or sea walls or banksy and of persons malicicujly felting on sin any mine, pit, or delph of cbal, or cannel coaly and of persons unlawfully bunting or taking any red or fallow deer in forests or cbacesy or beating or wounding keepers or other officers in forejlsy chacesy or parks; and for the more effectually securing the breed of wildfowl; as relates to the second conviction of any person or persons for unlawfully coursing, hunting, taking in toyles, killing, wounding, or taking away, any red or fallow dees, in any open or uninclosed forest or chase, or relates to beating or wounding keepers or other officers in forests, chases, or parks; shall be, and the same are hereby respectively repealed.

XXVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That This act not nothing contained in this act shall extend to that part of Great 1° c*te"d t0 Britain called Scotland. Scotland

CAP. XXXI

An act for securing a fundy belonging to certain persons of the theatre royal covent-garden, applicable to charitable ujes; and for other purposes.

WHEREAS in or about the year one thousand seven hundred Preamble and sixtyffivey a contribution was begun at the theatre royal covent-garden, towards the charitable purpose of efiablifbing a fundy for the support of such performers belonging to the f aid theatre as through agty infirmity, or accident, Jbculd be obliged to retire from the fiage; and to the occasional relief of performers in case of fitknejs \ and aljo to the relief and support of t he widows and children of deceased performers belonging to the said theatre: and wbereasy by the profits arising from the voluntary contributions of the performers belonging to the fatd theatrey and othersy and also by toe profits which have arisen from some plays acied for the increa/e of the said fundy a capital to the amount of four thousand three hundred poundsy or thereaboutsy is now in the bands of certain trustees applicable to the purposes aforesaid: to the end therefore that the said fundy and the growing produce thereof may be effectually secured and duly appliedy may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afletn head, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after Subscribers the palling of this at, all and every the subscribers to the said incorporated, fund for the time being, during such time as he, (he, or they, respectively shall pay to the same, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, one body corporate and politic, in deed and in name, and shall be called by the name of The society ejlablijhed for Their name, the relief of indigent persons belonging to the theatre royal Covent and power, garden: and by the same name shall have perpetual succession and a common seal \ and that they, and their successors, by the same name may sue and be sued, implead and be impleacted, answer and be answered unto, in all or any courts or court of record, and places of judicature, within this kingdom of Great Britain: and that they, and their successors, by the name afore

P 2 said.

A committee appointed j

make byelaws.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 31. f 1776^.

faiit, shall be able and capable in law to have, hold, receive, enjoy possess, and retain, for the purposes aforesaid, all and every such sum and sums of money as have been paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, or shall at any time or times hereafter be paid, given, deviled, or bequeathed, to and for the ends and purposes hereinbefore mentioned; and that they, and their successors, by the name aforesaid, shall and may at any time hereafter, without licence in mortmain, purchase, take, or receive, hold, and enjoy, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly sum of live hundred pounds.

II And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pa( sing of this as, Thomas Hull, George Mattocks, Thomas Baker, John Dun stall, Frederic Charles Reinhcldy Robert Benjley, Mat the w Clarke, Richard Rotten, and William Thomas Lewis, (hali be, and they are hereby appointed, a committee for managing the said fund, until the thirty first day of December, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy fix:

who may alter and that the L aid committee and their successors, to be elected m the common manner herein after mentioned, or the majority of such commit seal, C tee for the tjmc being, shall have full power and authority, from time to time, to dispose of the said common seal, and to alter or make new the same, and to direct the use and application thereof; and to make, ordain, and constitute, such and so many byelaws, constitutions, orders, and regulations, as to them, or the major part of them, shall seem necessary and convenient for the appropriation of the said fund, or touching, or in anywise concerning the affairs and business of the said society; and the same byelaws, conftitutiens, orders, and regulations, so made, to put in use and enforce accordingly, and at their will and pleasure to reyoke, change, and alter the same, or any of them : which said bylaws, constitutions, orders, and regulations, so as aforesaid made, shall be duly kept and observed by the said society, and every member thereof, provided the same be not contrary or repugnant to the statutes, customs, or laws of this kingdom, or the true intent and meaning of this al.

III And be it further enacted, That the said committee, or the major part of them, at a meeting assembled by virtue of this at, may, and are hereby empowered to appoint a treasurer or treasurers, and such other officers as they shall think necessary for the purposes of this a (ft; and from time to time remove any such treasurer or other officer or officers, and appoint another or others in his or their stead, if they the said committee shall think fit; and shall, and are hereby required to take such security from their treasurer or treasurers, or other officers, as shall be adequate to the trust reposed in him or them.

IV And be it further enacted. That the said committee shall meet together at fomc convenient place, in or near the said theatre, on the aforesaid thirty first day of december^*or within ten days after, for electing a committee for the year ensuing; and that, previous to such election, the names of all the committee for the time being shall be written oadiftindt pieces of paper, be.

and appoint oflkeis.

Officers to give security.

First election of the committee.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto georgh III C 32. tgg

ing all of an equal size, and rolled up in the same manner, as near as may be, and be put into a box, or some other convenient receptacte, and shall be shaken together, after which some person, not intererted in such election - draw out the names, one by one, until the number remaining in the said box or receptacle shall be reduced to^fix, and the six persons whose names shall so remain shall be six of the committee for the ensuing year; after which the said major part of the committee present shall proceed to elect three other persons from amongst the several subscribers to the said fund, (either such as were or were not of the committee for the preceding year) and the three persons so elected, together with the six persons whose names remained undrawn as aforesaid, shall be the committee for putting this act in execution for the year next ensuing: and the com eieaionstob# mittee thall also meet together on or before the thirty first day annual, of December in every succeeding year, and elect a committee in manner before mentioned : and in case any one or more of the said committee hereby appointed, or to be elected in manner aforesaid, shall die, or refuse to aft in the execution of this act, the surviving or remaining committee men shall and may meet together, at some convenient place, in or nedr the said theatre, and the major part of such as shall so attend shall and may elect a committe man in the room and (lead of each committee man so dying or refusing to aft as aforesaid; and every committeeman foto be elected, in any or either of the cases aforesaid, shall have the same powers and authorities, for the purposesof carrying this act into execution, as the committee herein and hereby nominated and appointed are inverted with.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted. That at every a majority of annual election of a committee for the purposes of this act, a committee majority of the committee men for the ensuing year shall oon men to belong fill of persons belonging to or employed at the said theatre. tolhc theatre

VI And be it further enacted. That this act shall be adjudg pubjjck at ed, deemed, and taken to be a public aft; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other

persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXII

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from that Trent to the Mfcrfey, to »n*ke a navigable canal from the said navigation, on the south tide of Hirecaltle in the county of Stafford, to frog hall, and a rail wy from thence to or near Caldon, in the said county; and to make other rail ways.

Preamble. Aft 6 Geo. 3. recited Aft 10 Geo. 3. and. 15 Geo. 3. recited Company of proprietors empowered to make a bran.h from the south side Harecaltle to or near Caldon, etc. and to supply the same with water Proprietors may enter on lands, and lay earth, (tone, etc. Proprietors may make rail ways, build bridges, etc. on land adjoining; and alio make to ving paths, banks, etc. for haling vessels; making satisfaction to the owners. Two parts to be made of the map and book of reference, which shall be certified by the fpeakerof the house of commons, and then allowed to be given in evidence. Canal to be made pursuant to the plan, etc. landowners being omitted in the book of reference, not to obltruft the making the canals, etc. commifiionerb appointed, who are to settle and

P 3 determine

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 37. f 1776.

determine differences. Tonnage allowed to be taken. If dudes not paid on demand, company may Cue for the same, or di(train the boar, etc. Company empowered to borrow 25, 0001. and to assign over the navigation as a security. Form of aftignment No preference to creditor on account of priority of alignments, Application of money borrowed. Alignments may be transferred. Interest of money borrowed to be paid half yearly. One half of the duties veiled in proprietors of coal roinev, as a security for 5000i. to be paid quarterly. Avfoon as the said $oo?l with Interest, shall be paid, the half part of the duties to be revelled in the company, etc. Preamble; reciting a contra£fc, wherein oerrain proprietors of hmtllone quarries agee to deliver to the company yearly, bmc ttone at the rate of yd. per tonne. The abovementioned contract ia itiej and confirmed. A book to be provided, and entries to be made herein of the quantities of limestone ordered, etc. No order to beentued for lei's than 100 tonnes; and a deposit of id. per tonne to be left with the clerk of trie said company. Orders for limestone may be given at other times of the year, on depositing d. per tonne, etc. Penalty on either party making default, etc. At what times veftels loaded with lime or limeltone may pals through the locks, etc. Occupiers of the forge or pool at Cun fall not to draw water lowes than nine inches from the top of the weir. Proviso, tor preserving the water of the river Churnett. Pow ers contained in three as (6, 10, and 15 Geo. 3.) extended to the works to be executed by this act; except as excepted.

CAP. XXXIII

An a to remove the danger of fire amongtt the ships in the port of by preventing the landing certain commodities on the present quays; and for providing a convenient quay and proper places for landing and do ring the same; and for regulating the said quay, and the lighten, boats, and other veftels carrying goods for hire within the said port of Bristol; and for other pnrpofts therein mentioned.

Preamble. Master, wardens, and commonalty, of the society of merchant venturers, empowered to enlarge the floating dock, and ro build store houses, etc. Ground allotted for a new quay. Rules to be observed by merchants. Timber planks, etc. not to be landed on the present quays, after June 24, 1777; on penalty of 50i. This a not to extend to timber brought coaitwife; nor to prevent landing at private wharf, etc. Duties; iow payable on the importation of certain articles, etc. to continue soon being landed at the new quay. Rates to be paid for ttoring of goods, etc. Mayor and justices may lower the rates, etc. Tar, pitch, etc. not to he left on the quay longer than 7 days after gauging. Piece of ground to be appointed for laying up baulks, malts, etc. The society of merchants to provide sufficient warehouses, etc. for floring goods; or, in default thereof, to make good all damages Bodies politic, etc. p>fiefled of certain lands in Clifton, empowered to sell the same. If anybody politic, etc. refuse to treat, or can not produce a title to the premises, mailer, wardens, etc. may apply to comm'ffioners herein after named. A jury to be sum * rooned. On negleet, etc! of commissioners, the mailer, etc may apply to the quarter fefhons, who shall cause the matter in dispute to be inquired into by a jury. Jurors may be challenged, and witnesses examined on oath. verdi6l of the jury, etc. to be final; and to be entered amongtt the records, etc. In case corporation omit to pay sums awarded, the same may be levied by distress, etc. Expenses of a jury bow to be paid. On payment of parchafe money by the society, premises to be conveyed, etc. It parties Cannot evidence their title to the premises, etc. or if mortgagees refuse to take in their mortgage money, such purchase money, or mortgage, to be paid into the chamber of the city of Bristol. Chamberlain to give receipts for sums received, which shall be entered on record, and the piemifes vtfl cd in the society. Purchase money to be placed out at interest, etc. Mefoe profits recoverable, etc. Mortgagees, on payment or tender of mortgage money, to convey the premises, etc. Monty payable to bodies corporate, etc. to be reinvested in purchase of other estates. Contrails or agreements, already made, not invalidated by this a. Commissioners appointed. ‘M Part

1776.] Anno deciino sexto Georgii III C 34* oi

Part of the parish of Gifton exempted from the judicial jurifdictioit of Gloucefttrflitre, and made partot Biftol. this act not to make any alteration in relation to taxes, etc. in Clifton. Mayor and jullices may settle the rates of porterage, etc. All vessels kept for carrying goods tor hire, in the port of Bristol, to be regiilered. Other regulations relating o filch vessels Quiy warden to examine all such vessels.etc. yearly; and if he shall discover any fiaud, to pre«enf the lame, etc Penalty on quay wardcn fm ne^lr# of duty, etc offtn .es agamlt tins at to be determined by jtittices, e’c. pena’ties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Regulations tor unloading etc. of vefleu in the floating dock.

Penalty tor actmg contrary thereto. Provilo. Limitation of actions.

General iffuc. Treble colts. pubiickact.

CAP. XXXIV

An act far granting to his Majesty several duties on coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned and several rates and duties upon indentures, lea fes, - bonds, and other deeds \ and upon cards, dice, and news popers> and for raiftng the sum of two millions by annuities, and a lottery to be attended with Annuities.

'Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty s most dutiful and loyal fubjesls, the commons Preamble.

of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being desirous to roije the neuffary supplies, which we have granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, in the most Jafe^ easy, and expeditious manner we are able, have voluntarily refdved to give and grant unto year Majesty the Jeveral and refpeflive rates and duties herein after exprejfedy and to that end and purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That An aflditiona! an additional rate or duty of twenty (billings per 'annum, beauty of os. raised, levied, collected, and paid, for and upon every coach, ^ancoachm bchin, landau, chariot, calalh with four wheels, chaise*n»arine, berlin^etc.6*1 chaise with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name soever * carriages now are, or hereafter may be cared or known, kept by or for any person for his or her own use, or to be let out to hire, (other than and except such coaches and other car except hack mges as now are, or hereafter may be, licensed by the commis ney coaches, fioners for the duties arising by hackney coaches which said yearly ad itipnal duty of twenty (billings shall from time to time be paid down by the person or persons keeping the same, in like manner, and atihe same time, and be raised, levied, collected, and paid, by the same means and methods, and under the like roles, regulations, directions, and penalties, as the annual duty of four pounds, given and granted by an act of parliament, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty Jeveral rates and duties upon coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned; and for raiftng the sum of one miilion, by way of lottery, to be (barged upon the said rates and duties; is directed to be raised, levied, collected, and paid.

P 4 II And

202 Anno decimo sexto'geoftgii IIT. C 34. £1776.

After July 5, II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, 1776, stage frorn and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun a duty ofay ^rcc^ and seventy six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and pcrann. ech. p^id, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon every coach, berim, landau, chariot, calash with four wheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name soever such carriages now are, or hereafter may be, called or known, that shall be kept by or for any person or persons as pufclick ifoge coaches, employed in carrying paftengers for hire to and'froip different places within this kingdom, (other than and except such coaches and o*her carriages as now are, or hereafter may be, licensed by the. commiltioners for the duties arising by hackney coaches) the yearly sum of five

pounds for every such coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calash with burr wheels, chaise marine, chaise with four wheels, and caravan, or by what name soever such carriages now are, or hereafter may be, called or known, fb to be kept and employed as aforesaid;; said duty shall be paid by the person or persons who keeps the lame.

HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, .That the person or persons keeping any such carriage or carriages, foto be employed as stage coaches as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, give like notices, and make entry and payment in like manner, and under the like rules, regulations, means, and methods, directions, and penalties, as persons keeping coaches and other carriages for their own use, or to let out to hire, are, by the above recited act, directed to do; any law, statute, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV And whereas, by the said recited act, it was provided, That no person Should be obliged to pay the yearly sum of Jour pounds for more than five such carriages, on which the duty of J cur pounds a year was thereby charged, to be kept by or for him or her, for his or for

Notice to be given, and payment made, agree, able to aft 20 Geo. 1.

A clanfe in

said act, ex ujg orjjy. further enacted and declared by the authority fons fr om^pay aforesaid, That, from and after the palling of this act, the said jng for more proviso, sofar as relates to the exempting such carriages, being than 5 cat ri more than five in number, be, and the same is hereby repealed ages, repealed. ancj maje nuj| an(j void.

After July 5, V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, 1776, an addi from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, laon all in throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use dentines, of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the rate and duty fol bonds, etc. Jowing; (that is to lay). For every (kin, or piece of vellunvor

wesafflsl*la’ Parchment or eet or p*ece paper upon which shall be in stamp! gr°tfed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, for which a stamp duty of one shilling is payable, by virtue of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, over and above all other rates and duties by the said aft, or by any other act of parliamdht impqfed* an additional ttamp dpty of one dulling.

VI And

1776.p Anno decimo sexto Georgii III c.34." 203

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, After June 1, That, from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven *-776\a? addi;. hundred and seventy six, theroltiall be raised, levied, collected, ^laid^a ° and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and every pack of for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflorsj the rates and playing cards, duties following; (that is to say). For every pack of playing‘^d#o°n cards, made fit for sale or use, in Great Britain, the sum of six dlce^mad/for pence, over and above the duties now payable thereon; and for faic/

and upon every pair of dice, made fit for sale or use, in Great Britain, the sum of two (billings and sixpence, over and above the duties now payable thereon; such rcfpedive duties tc/ be paid by the makers of such cards and dice respectively.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, After July 5, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven * 776|ai* addh hundred and seventy CX there shall be raised, levied, colledfed, northeast halfpenny and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and laid on every for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the rate and sheet or hair dpty following; (that is to say). For and upon every news pa ftiect °* ncw8- per, or paper containing public news, intelligence, or occur papcr‘ rences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public,

whether the same be contained in half a sheet or any less piece of paper, or in any paper larger than half a sheet, and not exceeding one whole sheet; upon every (beet, and half sheet thereof, over and above all other rates and duties by any act of parliament imposed, an additional duty of one halfpenny.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The du That, for the better and more efiedual levying, collecting, and

paying, all the said additional and new duties herein before na^cme„t of granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and the commifii management, of the commifiloners for the time being appoint of ed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, rta p duties. and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ theneceflary officers under them for that purpose, and to cause such new (lamps to be provided, .to denote the said several additional duties, as shall be requitire in that behalf; and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this ain execution, with relation to the said several rates and duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law, concerning stamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

IX Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho commission rity aforesaid, That, to prevent the multiplication of (lamps upon ers may pro such pieces of vellum or parchment, or (beets or pieces of pav a nevv per, on which several duties are, by several acts of parliament, a'uhefe imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said commifiloners, veral duties, ipftead of the distinct (lamps directed to be provided lo denote

the several duties on the vellum, parchment, or paper, charged therewith, to cause one new (lamp to be provided, to denote the laid several duties, and the duty granted by this act, on every

piece

After July 5, 1776, all vellum, etc. liable to the new duty, to be carried to the stamp office, etc before it is printed or wrote on.

To whom the duties are to be paid.

commissioners to fumuh the several parts of the kingdom with damped vellum, parchment, etc.

The price whereof to be fertlcd yearly, etc.

Stamps may be altered and renewed, etc.

Anno decimo sexto Gboxgii HI. 0.34^ [1776/

piece of vellum or parchment, or (heetor piece of paper, charged with the said several duties.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to the duty of one 'shilling hereby charged, shall, from and after the fifth day of y, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, before the lame shall be ingrossed, written, or printed'upon, be brought to the head office for (lamping or marking vellum, parchment, and paper; and the said cbmmiffioners, by themselves, or by their officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon demand to them made by any person or persons, from time to time, (lamp or mark, as this act directs, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, as shall be so brought to them for that purpose, the persons so bringing the same, paying to the receiver-general of the stamp duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the several duties payable for the same by virtue of this act; which (lamp or mark, to be put thereupon in purfuanceof this ak, shall be a sufficient discharge for the duty hereby payable for the vellum, parchment, or paper, so stamped or marked.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and pay the (ame (the nece(tary charges of rafsing, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the receipt of the Exchequer, for the purpose herein after expressed, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on ilamped vellum, parchment, or paper, are directed to be paid.

XII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the said commissioners for the time being shall take care that the several parts of the kingdom of Great Britain shall, from time to time, be sufficiently fumilhed with vellum, parchmcnr, and paper, stamped and marked as by this act is directed; to the end that the subjects of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may have it in their election either to buy the same or the officers and persons to be employed by the said commissioners, at the usual and moil common rates above the said duties, or to bring their own vellum, parchment, or paper, to be (tamped and marked as aforesaid.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Xhat the price of such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, shall be yearly fet, and such price marked, and such allowance made, on present payment of the said duties for any quantity of the said vellum, parchment, or paper, foto be sold, in such manner as by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is directed.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That such (lamps as the said commissioners are hereby directed

and

205

1776] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 34*'

and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewed, in such manner as any other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, are by any former law, relating to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered and renewed 5 and that all persons who shall have in their custody or potsession, any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the (lamp or mark which shall be so altered or renewed, or on which, being already stamped with a damp denoting any former duty, a new (lamp is hereby directed to be impressed, shall have the like remedy and allowance as by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is in like cases directed.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That if any prrfon shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be Any person counterfeited or forged, any seal, damp, or mark, to refembleco “nterfe^, n5 any leal, damp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this a arap’e c’ or any other act of parliament, for the purpose of denoting the duties by this or any other act of parliament granted 5 or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs, and 'successors, of any of the said duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any vellum, parchment, or selling or paper, or any cards, dice, or news papers, liable to any damp c^letcf* duty, with such counterfeit damp or mark, knowing the same marktd thereto be counterfeit; or shall privately and fraudulently use any with, seal, d^mp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other act of parliament relating to the stamp dpties, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof * r lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as a fe death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy. ^ Ion.

XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, didribution of pe Powers, penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things, pre nalties, and scribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament re forfeitures, of Jating to the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, on which g to'the any indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, shall be ingrossed, duties on vel. written, or printed; or to the rates and duties on cards, dice, lum, parfch and news papers, and not hereby altered, shall be of full force menr.etc.ap and effcd with relation to the additional duties hereby imposed, j^£aw<tioi, s and shall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, colledine, and securing, the said additional and new rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to ail intents and put poses, as if the same had fevcfrallv and refpcdtively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said additional and new rates and duties hereby imposed.

XVII And whereas a fraudulent practice has prevailed of selling cards that have been already used in play, calling the same jecond hand

cards, to the great injury of the revenue, for remedy whereof, be it Any person further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, if any person feuiogcardsto (hail, from and after the pafiing of this act, sell or dispose of any cards (by way of second hand cards) in packs or pareels, after has been broke

the open,

20 6

shall forfeit for each pack, 5

Produce of the duties to be cariied to the sinking fund.

Preamble, reciting a reo lution of the house of commons.

A.1J per fans sviio have made depqliu, pul uaiu to * tile atorcltud

Anno decimo sexto Georg 11 III c.34. [1776.

the wrapper or cover, in which the same have been enclosed and tied, (hail have been broke open, unless he or she shall, before such sale, mark the back or plain side of every painted or pidured card, in such manner as to render the same unfit to be used in play; every person so offending shall, for every pack of cards so sold, forfeit the sum of five pounds; to be recovered and distributed in the manner diredfed by an act, made^in the twenty-ninth year of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled. An act for granting to bis majesty an additional duty on cards and dice. t

XVIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all the moneys arising by the said*fevera! and respective rates and duties, (the necessary charges of raifmg and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty’s exchequer at fvejlminfier, distinctly and apart from allother branches of the public revenues, and shall, for the purpose aforesaid, be carried into, and made part of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

XIX And whereas the commons of Great Britain, in parliament afi'embled, have refilled that, towards raifmg the supply granted to. his majesty in this fijfion of parliament, the Jum of two millions Shall be raised in manner following; (that is to Jay) the sum of one million four hundred thoufind pounds by annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, with an additional capital in refptfi of the same, in manner herein after mentioned 5 and the sum of six hundred thoufind pounds by a lottery, attended with like annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum; and that every contributor towards raifmg the said sum of two millions, Jhally in respect of every one hundred pounds subscribed, upon payment of seventy pounds to the cajhier or cajbiers of the governor and company of the bonk of England, at the times, and in the manner, herein after mentioned, have, and be inti tied to, the principal sum ofseventyfeven pounds and ten billings, in three pounds per centum annuities, re dcemable by parliament, (making together, in the whole, cue, million five hundred and fifty thousand pounds) and, on payment of the re maining sum of thirty pounds on every one hundred pounds so fubfirib ed, to three tickets in a lottery, to corfijl of sixty thousand tickets, of the value of ten pounds each, amounting to six hundred thousand pounds; and that the whole of the find sum of six hundred thousand pounds be dijlributed into prizes, such prizes to be converted into like three pounds per centum annuities, as oforefiid< and whereas, pursuant to, and upon the several terms and conditions exprefjed in the did resolution, everal perfitn have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpose, Jubfiribed together the whole sum of two millions, and made depojits of fifteen pounds per centum, on the refpeelive sums by them Jubfiribed, with the cajbiers of the governor and company of the bank of England; be it therefore enacted by the authority a to relate!, That it ill a 11 and may be lawful to and for all persons, bodies politic or corporate, and their executors, ad niiniftrators, fgcceltors, and ailigns, who have made such cj^po sits with the caihier or calhiers of the said governor and comply

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 34. 207

pany of the bank of England, (which cashier or calhicrs is and refofution, are are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such contributions, without any other warrant to be had on that behalf) to ^amde/of advance, and pay, and they are hereby required to advance and their Iubfcrip* pay, unto the said cashier or calhiers, of the said governor and tions atcer company of the bank of England the several remainders of the J?, in sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said sum or pcci e * two millions, at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to say) in respect of the said ium of one million four hundred thousand pounds, the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the thirtieth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; the further sum of twenty pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-eighth day of Jung then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the thirty first day of July then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the tenth day of September then next following; and the remaining sum of twenty pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-fourth day of October then next following: and in respect of the sum of six hundred thousand pounds to be raised by lottery, the further sum of twenty.five pounds per centum, on or before the fourteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; the further sum of thirty pounds per centum other part thereof, on or before the tenth day of August then next following; and the remaining sum of thirty pounds ter centum, on or before the third day of October then next following.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That every contributor, his, her, or their executors, administra Contributor tors, successors, and assigns, shall have, and be entitled to, an cnt, tled t(laa annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, up ^™ cent per on his, her, or their part or share in the sum of one million five a„n. from p hundred and fifty thousand pounds, being the amount of the April, 1776. capital of seventy seven pounds and ten (billings to be allowed to each subscriber of seventy pounds, as aforesaid, for one quarter of a year, from the fifth day of Apr 'iu one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, to the fifth day of Juiy following, to be paid and payable at the bank of England, as soon after the said fifth day of july9lone thousand seven hundred and seventy six, as such contributors shall have completed his, her, or their payments, towards raising the said sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds; and from thenceforth shall be paid by half yearly payments, in even and equal portions, on the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of July, in every year,

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid..

the said sum of six hundred thousand pounds to he raised ^ by a by a lottery', and distributed into prizes as aforesaid, shall carry lottery, to an annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annuwycuvry an inte redeemablc by parliament, to commence and be computed fromrclto^3 pr the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and feveri cento

ty

Gc le

ao8 Anno decimo sexto georgh III C 34, [1776.

ty seven, and shall be paid by half yearly payments, in even and equal portions, on the filth day of July, and the fifth day of January, in every year.

XXII And be it further nailed by the authority aforesaid, Subscribers to That all such subscribers, their executors, administrators, fuc beahowed m cc{fors? and assigns, paying in the whole of the sums by them fnonic«°patd respectively to be paid, on account of their contributions to in advance, wards raising the said sum f one million four hundred thousand pounds, at any time after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and before the seventh day of September following; or dn account of his, her, or their re fpe&ive share in the said lotteiy, for six hundred thousand pounds, on or before the eighth day of Augufi next, shall be in titled to an allowance of so much money as the interest of such futp> so paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution refpeflively, shall amount unto, after the rate of three

!>ounds per centum per annumy from the day of completing the ame, to the twenty-fourth day of Ofiobery one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, in respect of the sum paid on account of the aforementioned sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds; and from the day of the actual payment to the third day of Uftober, one thousand seven hundred nd seventy six, in regard to the sum of six hundred thousand pounds to be contributed for a lottery, as aforesaid; such allowance to be paid by the said calhier or cashiers, out of the moneys to be contributed in pursuance of this af, as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, Subscribers to shall have completed such payment: and that all the subscribers wving^in^the1 or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and whole of their assigns, paying in the whole of the sum or sums to be by him, subscriptions, her, or them, paid and advaneed, towards raising the said sum 1m1 receive of fjx hundred thousand pounds by a lottery as aforesaid, shall amount°thc ave *ottcry tickets delivered to him, her, or them, to the amount thereof. of the sum or sums by them respectively subscribed and paid for the purchase thereof, at the rate of ten pounds for each ticket, as soon as such tickets can conveniently be made out.

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Calhier of the That the calhier or cafhiera of the governor and company of the bank to give bank of England, who shall hatfe received or shall receive any ^nmbutors Part ***** contributions, towards raising the said sum of

for money one million four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, and six received; hundred thousand pounds by a lottery, shall give a receipt or receipts in writing, to every such contributor, for all such sum and sums of money so received by him or them, and that firth which shall be receipts shall be afiignablc by endorsement thereupon made, at atngnable, etc any time before the fifth day of December, one thousand seven Calhier to give hundred and seventy six, and no longer: provided always, that fco^d ik t0thf ^uch ca^eror cashiers shall give security, to the good liking commissioners any lhrec or more of tie commissioners of the treasury, or of the treau the high treasurer for the time being, for duly answering and furyj paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the public

209

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 34-

lick use, all the moneys which he or they hath or have already received, and shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum of two millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in him and them reposed; and shall, from time to time, pay all iuch moneys, as and to pay all soon as h or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or moneys rer within five days afterwards at the farthest, into, and, shall ac cxchc 'ucc count for the same in the exchequer, according to the due course ** thereof, (deducing thereout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them, in pursuance of this act) for which sums so paid, allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the com Commiflmn

missioner of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time be «r‘of tbetrea

ing, to issue and apply, from time to time, all such sums of money,

as shall be so paid into the receipt of his majesty’s exche moneypaidin

quer, by the said cashier or caftliers, to such services as shall then by the cashier

have been voted by the commons of Great Britain, in this present

session of parliament.

XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaul.

That in the office of the accomptant general of the goverifcr Abooktobe

and company of the bank of England, for the time being, a book

or books shall be provided and kept, in which the names of the ant generar*

contributors shall be fairly entered; which book or books the office, in which

said respective contributors, their respective executors, admint contributor

ftrators, successors, and assigns, (hail and may, from time to

time, and at all seasonable times, resort to, and inspect, without 1

any fee or charge; and that the said accomptant general shall,

on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred

and seventy six, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on

paper, of the said book or books, into the office of the auditor

of the receipt of his majesty’s exchequer, there to remain for

ever.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That such contributors only paying their contribution moneys, Such contri at or before the respective times in this act limited in that behalf, butor only, and their respective executors, administrators, successors, and who .there assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue moides^c 1^ of this act, to have, receive, and enjoy, their proportionable cording to share of the said annuities of three pounds per eentum perannumy this act, inti* by this act granted, and shall have good and sure interest and t!c<! t^hav^f estates therein; dubjedt nevertheless to redemption, as is herein awiuitieteta after mentioned; and that all the annuities by this act granted *

shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impogtions whatsoever; Money paid provided al ways That in case any such contributors, who have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to the said cashier ££ orcashiers, any sum or sums of mpney, at the times and in the forfeited to the manner before mentioned, in part of the sura or sums to be by public. them respectively contributed or paid, towards the said sum of two millions, or their respective executors, administrators, fuc* ccffors, or assigns, shall notudvaace and pay, to the said cashier

or

IQ

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 34; [1776.

or cashiers, the residue of the sum or sums (b to be contributed or paid, at the timers and in the manner before mentioned *, then, and in every such case, so much of the respective sum or sums as shall have been actually paid, in part thereof, to die said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefir of the public; and all right and title to the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in respect thereof, shall be extin* guifrted; anything in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

As soon as That, as soon as any contributors, their executors, administra contributors tors, successors, or assigns, shall have completed their payments edthcir"1^ 1* we um by them respectively towards the said

ment8, r sum f one million four hundred thousand pounds, the principal

sum or sums so by them subscribed and paid respectively, toge scribed etc x^er vv*t*1 additional capital of seven pounds and ten (billings to be, in the fr every seventy pounds by them advanced and paid, shall forth books of the with be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the bank, placed credit of such respective contributors, their execitfors, admini to their credit. ftratorsf fucccflors, and assigns, completing such payments re fpe&ively; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be so placed, their respective executors, adminrftrators, fuc ceflfors, or assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, (}iare, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England, and such sums shall, carry an annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy and shall be taken and deemed to be (lock transferable, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption thereof, in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

XXVIII And be it further enabled y the authority afore

Annuities That all the annuities by this act granted and made pay

granted bythis able, in refpelt of the said sum of two millions, together with aft charged the additional capital thereto, shall, from the refpeeftive com upon the fink rnencements thereof, be charged and chargeable upon, and are ^ un - hereby charged upon, and made payable out of, the moneys

which shall from time to time arise, and be in the receipt of his majesty’s exchequer, of or for the furplufles, excesses, overplus moneys, and other revenues, composing the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fundy after paying, or reserving fufscient to pay, all such sums of money as have been directed, by any former acts of parliament, to be paid out of the same.

Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers ol the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undifpoed tickets, with an account of moneys paid in. Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or silk; and cut off indentwi e into a box marked with the letter (A). Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 60, 000 tickets are to be

printed.

211

1776.] Anno decimo facto Qeorgii III C 35, 36.

printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 10001. to each nrft drawn ticket of the first 3 days, and 1000i. to the lait drawn. Tickets of the outermost columns of the last mentioned book to be rolled up and tied. Public notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 13, 1776. Method to be observed in drawing, C [Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums to be printed, Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, Sec. Felony. Offenders, not in prison, discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50i. reward. Proviso. Managers to be sworn.‘ The oath. Cashier may receive the sums fubfbribed, before receiving the lottery book, giving a note for the same j which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 10t. so paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits with respect to the lottery) and the tickets fr such Turns to be delivered into the exchequer Limit at ionof the faleof chances, See. Penalty. office keepers, Sec. fell big ihares in tickets of which they are not poitested, forfeit $ool. and suffer 3 months imprisonment. Offences committed in Ireland a gain ft: acts for preventing unlawful lotteries, made punisliable: penalties may be sued for. m Dublin. Tickets to be exchanged for certificates. Managers to give notice of the times for such exchange. Certificates to be numbered. Books to be kept for entering 'the names of persons bringing tickets to be exchanged, See. Certificates to be figneo. See. accountant general of the bank to give credit to the persons named in certificates for linns therein mentioned | which may be aflignedj and shall carry 3 percent, interest, Sec. Governor, Sec. of the bank to appoint a chief cashier and accountant general. Moneys to be iitued at the exchequer to the chief cashier, for payment of annuities created by this act accountant general to examine receipts and payments. Annuties deemed personal ettate. All moneys to which any persons Shall be inti tied by this act, to be added to the joint stock of annuities transferrable at the bankj and to carry an interest: of 3 percent. Books to be kept by accountant general, wherein Shall be entered au transfers of sums advanced on this act. Method of transferring. Persons poftefled of flock may devise the same by will, Sec. Transfers not subject to stamp duties. Coramiflioners of the treasury to discharge all incident charges attending'the execution of this act. The bank to continue accompany till redemption of the annuities. No see to be taken for receiving or paying the contribution moneys, or for iftuing receipts, on penalty of aol. General issue. Treble costs.

CAP. XXXV

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy six.

CAP. XXXVI

An act for the encouragement and improvement of the pilchard fishery carried on within the bay of Saint Ives, in the county of Cornwall.

Preamble. Boundaries of the six fieros ascertained. Poles to be erected to diftingutfb the boundaries of some of the Items. Time of continuing open the Items limited. The manner of taking items, and what entitles a boat thereto. No tuck net to entitle a boat to take item. Time and manner of registering the turns or Items. Stems not registered to be forfeited. Penalty for making false register. Boats quitting a Item, others to facceed according to order, Sec. Any boat taking a fresh turn, after having (hot her feyne nec, C Owner to forfeit rol. Seems at Gam Gtpwze, Pedn Olver, and Porthminster, to be forfeited by going to the joathward of Porthminfter station, Scc. Stem to be forfeited by landing the warp.rope in another station. jdimeiffions of the feynes, tow rope, and warp rope. Seyne to be moored only with forty fathoms, and feyoe anchors to have but one flock. Clerk, or register, by warrant, may enter any boat to measure the warp ropes and mooring ropes, Sec. Expenses of m^afiiring, bow. to be paid. Penalty on obstructing the entry of the clerk. See. Every anchor uled in mooring to have a fufflieut buoy and buoy vol. XXXI Q. ropej

212

Preamble. act 15 Geo. recited.

Anno decimo feto Geqrqii III c.37. [1776.

rope; on penalty of ios. Penalty on leaving boat? at anchor without fire men on board. Penalty on putting a bbatto sea, see. before the warp rope if landed. Regulations for (hooting the feyne. Proviso. Secqnd boat not to out to lea till the first boat hath (hot her feyne. When feyne i9 partly see in one (tern, the remainder may be Ihpt in the adjoining ftemi if the fife go thither. When feyne is fyot, it ipay be worked through and moored in any other Hem. Twofeyneq may be iqoqred together, with 10 anchors qn th. north and south fides of such feynes. When the anchors pf the outern^oft feynes drive, the owners pf such feynes to replace the feyne. One anchor to the bunt of every feyne. Seyne that is first moored to attend the mooring of every other feyne. Penalty for cutting off any rope be longing to feynes, see. Proviso, relating to vessels going into or out of harbour. Times for (hooting the feynes upon the several fteros or sit tions. Owners of feynes, (hooting at improper times, to forfeit sol. for each offence. Commencement, see. of mooting the feynes to be made known by a signal. At what timet foe boats having turn on one (tem, may (hoot their feyne nets within the limits of another item Regfter to be appointed: his duty and (alary. Penalty on reeifter receiving bribes,

t; C Register not to be interfiled in the pilebard fifeery, see. Penalty on seing for hook fife, see. between July 15, and December *5. Penalty on boats not keeping within so fathoms of the feore, between July sc. and December s 5. Gurries to be measured and marked; on penalty of il. is. $artner(hipt may alter foe lize of gurries. Penalties and forfeitures bow to be recovered and applied. If fufficieitf dilteefs cannot be found, offender to he committed. Justices for toe county, in certain cases, may put this act in execution. How mayor or justices to proceed, in case offender escape into another county, see. Prolccutions to be commenced within * months after offences committed. Small penalties may be mitigated. How justices to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conyichon*

Serfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter ftifions, who may, hear and etermine the matter pf such appeals foeir order to be final. Limitation * of actions. General issue. Treble colts. Public acl

CAP. jfxxvij.

Jin act for allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, ' and other articles, to bis Majeftfs sugar colonies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena, and to the other settlements belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of biscuit and peas to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia Bay Chaleur,. and Labrador; and for indemnifying all per fans with respect to advising or carrying intp execution his maje/iys orders oj council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat, and other articles.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the thirteenth. year of his Majcfiys reign, (entitled, An act to regulate *' the importation and exportatiori of corn), whenever the prices of certain species of Britifticorn or grain exceed the prices therein limited, the exportation thereof from this kingdom ir prohibited under certain penalties in the said ail mentioned, except in particular cases allowed by that and severed subsequent alls of parliament: and wbareas certain quantities of wheat, meal, four, breads and biscuits which were allowed to be exported to the, British sugar colonies in America, for the fujlenance 'and use of the inhabitants, of the said coionics, and certain quantities of bsfeuit and peas allowed to be exported, to the iflood of Newfoundland, /^ the benefit of the British fishery there by two federal atl\ of parliament, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of

bis

1776.] annodecimofextogeokgii III c.37. a 13

bis prtftnt Myefty, the one entitled, An act to allow the ex porta tion of corn, grain, and other articles, to his majesty’s sugar colonies in America; and to extend the provisions of an ad, made in the last session of parliament, (entitled. An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn), allowing the exportation of wheat, meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, to the iflandsof guern foyand Jtrfey, to bread, biscuit, and peas j and to allow th exportation of all the said articles to the island of Alderney: and the other entitled. An act to allow the exportation of a limited ouantity of biscuit and peas to the island of Newfoundland, for the benefit of the British fishery there; have been rendered infufft dent by the interruption which has been given to trade, and the bits and dffiurbanceswhich are Jlill subs fling in many Of the colonies ,

in North America, and the inhabitants of the coionics, and

the British fubjeils carrying on the fijbery at Newfoundland, and at other parts in America, may be put under great difficulties and diflreft at ibis time, without further supplies from this kingdom: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and tie it cnaded by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the passing of this Certain quin ad, it shall and may be lawful to ship and export, from the wne*t, porta of London, Bristol, Livtrpoole, and only, any quart

tity of wheat, wheat flour, bread, biscuit, and meal | that is to exported fro lay. Not exceeding in the whole, from the port of London, fifty London, bri thousand quarters; from the port of Brijtol, twenty thou find stol, liver quarters; from the port of Liverpool!, twenty thousand quarters E?', IM* and from the port of Port Glasgow, ten thousand quarters; at wow any time or times before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ferenty seven, to his majesty’s sugar colonies in America, for the sustenance and use of (he inhabitants of the. <

laid coionics: and that it shall and may be lawful to ship and vn'

export biscuit and peas, out of and from the several ports in this cu; t an(j pee kingdom herein after mentioned, to the several places herein allowed to be after named, for the benefit of the Btitijh fishery carried on in exported to those parts, so as the same do not exceed the several quantities for

respectively limited to those places, anything, in the said recited ^negt of acts, or either of them, to the contrary notwithftanditlg; (that the fishery, is to say), from the ports

J hereinafter

jp To the island of Newfoundland,, two hundred and fifty tonnes meotiontd'

“I of biscuit, and three hundred quarters of peas

*} Nova Scotia, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and thretf

2 J hundred quarters of peas.

To Bay cmcuf, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and three

3 hundred quarters of peas.

I To Labrador, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and three hun

£ quarters of peas.

<1*

From

f s

h4

4

®9

o

]U

5

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 37. [1776.

To Newfoundland, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and two hundred and fifty quarters of peas.

To Nova Scotia, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and two hundred quarters of peas.

To Bay Chaleur, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and two hundred quarters of peas.

To Labrador, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and awo hundred quarters of peas.

To Newfoundland three hundred tonnes of biscuit, and three hundred quarters of peas.

To Nova Scotia, one hundred tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred quarters of peas.

To Boy Chaleur, one hundred tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred quarters of peas.

To Labrador, one hundred tonnes of biscuit, and one hun .dred quarters of peas.

To Newfoundland, three hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and|three hundred and fifty quarters of peas.

To Nova Scotia, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and fifty quarters of peas.

To Bay Chaleur, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and fifty quarters of peas.

To Labrador, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and fifty quarters of peas.

im III

si C 8 S.’S $ -5.

i&z| fgpi

g n a.o& U

To Newfoundland, four hundred tonnes of biscuit, and fix'hundred quarters of peas.

To Nova Scotia, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and 2 ^ two hundred quarters of peas.

To Bay Chaleur, two hundred tonnes of biscuit? and two hundred quarters of peas.

To Labrador, two hundred tonnes of biscuit, and two (.hundred quarters of peas.

To Newfoundland, one hundred and fifty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and thirty quarters of peas.

To Newfoundland, sixty tonnes of biscuit, and one hundred and twenty quarters of peas.

b J To Newfoundland, one hundred tonnes of biscuit, and | one hundred and twenty quarters of peas.

III

And whereas by an act, passed in the'tbirteenlhyear of his prtftnt Majifly's reign, (entitled, An act to regulate the importation and

tt'

215

177^-] Anno decimo fc*to Georgii III C 37. exportation of com) it was (amongfi otherthings) enabled, That nothing therein contained Should extend to prohibit the exportation from the port of London, to the island of Saint Helena, of any quantity of wheat, mealy floury ryey barlfy% or malty not exceeding five hundred quarters in the wholey for the sustenance and use of the inhabitants thereofy under the restrictions and upon the conditions therein mentioned: and whereas the aid. quantity of five hundred quarters of wheaty mealy floury ryey barley, or malty is not sufficient for the northeast coffary use and consumption of(be faii island Saint Helena, and for. the united Esul India, company's ftttfoments in the East ladies; be it therefore enacted by the authority a lore fa id, That, from and 3f India ter the palling of this act, it shall be lawful for the said united co™p*ny, m company to export annually from Great Britain to the said island annu of Saint Helenay Bencooleny and to their settlements in the £3/?allyioooquar iqdiesy or any of them, any quantity of wheat, wheat meal, flour, »«rs of wheat, rye, barley, or malt, not exceeding one thoufancj quarters in the r. ^. whole, under the reflrifiions and upon the terms and conditions ^sainthele in the said recited act provided and contained, as respecting the na.bencoolen, quantity of wheat,, aod other articles, thereby allowed to be ex See. ported to the said island of Saint Helena; anything in the said recited act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

Provided always, and it is hereby further enafied by the authority aforesaid. That the said articles exported as aforesaid, in. pursuance of this act, shall be subject to the like securities at s^tojthejika the respective ports from whence they are exported, that the security, C same shall not be landed or sold in any parts whatsoever other on exporta than tljc respective places for which the same shall be entered and twn.asdired dedared for exportation, and in all other refpefls not altered by, 4>

this act shall be liable to such and the like rules, restrictions * and regulations; and the persons granting or making any false certificate, or counterfeiting, erasing, or falsifying any certificate, or knowingly publishing such certificate so counterfeited, erased, or falflfied, (nail be subject to the same disabilities, penalties, and forfeiture, as are respectively prescribed and directed by the said recited acts, made in the fourteenth year of his majesty’s reign; which penalties and forfeitures (hail andpiay be sued for, prosecuted, and Aovered, and applied, in the manner directed by tbofc acts.

IV And whereas his Majestyy by an order in councily hearing date the thirtieth day of June lofty was pleased to order that a quantity of bifeuity not exceeding one thousand tontyshould be allowed to be exported to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur., and Labrador, front the date thereof \ until the twenty fourth day of July followings which time was afterwards prolonged by his Mojeftys further order in coun eily bearing date the eleventh day of Augult lajl; and his Majestyy by another order in councily bearing date the twelfth day of July lajl, was pleased to order that two hundred tonnes of biscuit Should be allowed to be exported to Newfoundland, from the port ^/tiverpoole; andalfo that fifty tonnes of bifewty and one hundred quarters of peafey Should be allowed to he exported from the port of Weymouth; and likewise two hundred quarters of peas from the port of Pool; which said

Q 3 orders

t

ti ' Anno decimo facto Georgii III c.38. £1776.

eritrs could not bt just if eiaccording to forms of law, and

yet wort ft much for moforvict of ibt and ft for the safety and preftrvatitn of his Majesty's fubjetis in those,, the same ought to bt justified by al of parliament j and all Jons advtfmg, ailing under, or in obedience to the same indemnified j be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and claute for in every person and persons who hare or shall have acted or done demnifyingall anything in advising or executing the hud orders of council, or vffineorexe fouch>ng or concerning the same, or relating thereto, shall be cuting certain and are hereby saved harmless, djfcharged, acquitted, released, order? of and indemnified in that behalf, as well against the King's

council for majesty, his heirs and fucceltors, as against all and every other

allowing ex an(j persons; and all suits and proceedings for any man

bifc^t C ner thing discharged by this present at, shall be utterly void

* * and of none efsect, to all intents and purposes j any law, ft at ufet

or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVIII

An act for the relief of insolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cases.

[Preamble.]

[Alphabetical lists to be made out of prisoners in custody for debt on Jan. **, 1776, or tf nee that date

WHEREAS many persons, by Losses and other misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying their whole debts; and though they are willing to make the utmost satisfaction they tany and many of them are able to serve his Majesty by Jea or land, year detained m prison by their creditors, or have been forced to go into foreign parts out of this realm: and whereas such unhappy debtors have always been deemed the proper objects of public compassion, and, by several alls of parliament, have been discharged on the conditions in such acts men tmed; for the relief, there forty of insolvent prisoners and fugitives, who ball comply with the terms contained in this all, to be refpeiliveby ebferved by them, and faithfully discover upon oath, and deliver up and ajfign all their effects and estates whatsoever, for the benefit ef their creditors, and to prevent, as far at pofftble, the many fronds and abuses, which, in a great measure, have obftrufled the good ends of such als \ be it enacted by the King's most excellent msyefty, by and with the advice and consent or the lords fpirifcal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and y the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this alt, all and every gaoler or keeper of any prison, in any county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, shall, is, and afe hereby required to make a true, exalt, and perfelt list, alphabetically, of the name or names of all and every person or persons, who, upon the twenty focond day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, was or were, or at any time firvee have been, under the terms and conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such list shall be, really an altual prisoner or prisoners, in the custody of any gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of any prison rcfpeltively, upon any process whatsoever, for or by reason of any debt, damage cofu, Ann or Audi of money, con.

\ ' tempt,

i?y6.] Anno declibb festo gftokgii III c.38. \ 21}

tempt, of othefwife y and an account of the time when filch with the time prifonef or prisoners wai or were respectively charged in eoftody, wbencharged, or received in prifori, together With the ftaitie or names of the j!n.d at whose person or persons at whose suit of prosecution such prifdner Of, ult* prisoners is or ate detained; and shall deliver the same to the Lists to be de. justices of the peace, at their ftrft or second general quarter livered to the feffiohs df the peagd» to be Held after the pafiing of this act, or Suarter m ttt folre adjotornment thereof sot such county riding, division, on city, fewrt* place, or liberty refpetftively.

II Aftd be it fuss her tfcacted, That the warden of his Ma Warden of the jefty’s ptifoh of the Fleet, and marshal of the King's Bench Prison, fl^t, Sec. to lh*il fevefally* Oft the dehterirtg in of any such list of prisoners j^dilwrlme ih their respective cuftddy, take an oath, in the open court of^^glveri ® such general quarter feffioii of the peace, or at some adjourn itient thereof, to the effedf following (that it to fay:)

1A B. ufon tny corporal oath, tn the presence of almighty God do 1 he oath.

solemnly fvuear, profess, and declare, That all and every person and persons, Vibofo name of names is or are infetied and contained in the '

ftrfl part of the tiff by Me uhu delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the btfe of my knowledge end belief upon the twenty second day of January, one thousand even hundred and seventyftx, really and truly prisoners, in a final tvjlody, in the prison or gaol of

[insert the name ot the prison at the suit or Juits of the several person or persons therein refptfllvely mentioned; and aljo3 that ail and every person and persons, whose name or names is or are infer ted Ot contained in the fecotid part of the said list, novo by trie delivered in andsubscribed as of ore said have, fence' the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fevtniyfix, been committed ot surrendered to the said gaol or prison of [infer! the hame of the gatol ot prison] ] the suit or suits of the several person or persons therein refpeftivtly mentioned \ except such person or persons who is or are in such list particularly mentioned and dejiribei to have died, befit discharged, or removed to same other prison, by process of lain, fertce the said twenty second day January, one thousand seven hundred and seventyftx \ and alfe except such person of pfrfens, tube is or are in such life particularly mentioned and de feribed to have been permitted to have gone out of the said prison, by day rules of the court of [Common Pleas, or Kings Bench, as the case Hull be, ] fence th? said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and Jeveniy sexto tranfafi their affairs; and also except such person or persons who is or are therein also particularly rrien V timed and described to have, upon the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventyftx, or fence, befit in the'rules of the said prison, of the [Fleet, or king’s Bench, as the case (Halt be] by leave of the [warden or marshal of the said prison,

*4 the case shall Be $} and have, to the befe of my knowledge and Mtef, feally and tfufyi ever fence, continued and remained in afi&dl fieftody in the said prison, of the [Fleet, of king’s Bench, as the case (had btf, J of the liberties thereof, at the suit or suits of the fetterdl persons W the said Ift .refpofiively mentionedi [am if any prifonef

U or

at Anno decimo sexto Georgii III c.38. [1776.

of prisoners hath or have, since the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, escaped out of either of the said prisons, then insert] ] [insert the name or names of the prifoneror prisoners who have escaped] ] without my knowledge, privity, or confine, bath or have t[coped out of the said prison of

and that the said list is a true, exafi, persect, and just lift ef all Jmb persons who were really and truly prisoners in afiual custody in tb said gaol or prison of on the said twenty

second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and who, since the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, have been committed to, and really have been, and now is or are, prijoner or prisoners, in a final custody, in the said gaol, or prison of or the liberties

thereof \ and that none of such prifonersto my knowledge, or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with deftgn, or in expefiation to take any benefit from or under any afi of parliament, to be made for relief of insolvent debtors, jurrendered ibemselyes, or been committed to the fatd prison, or got their names entered as prisoners in the books of the Jaii prison, or since the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have refded out of the said prison of or the

rules tnereof, [but if any have so done, add, except naming such by name.j

All other And that every other gaoler and keeper of any other prison of

gaolers on prisons, in any county, city, town, riding, division, place, or

^livenng in Jiberty, shall (everally, on the delivering in of any such list re take^he** L fpe<^ively, take an oath, in, thc open court of the general quarter following fe(lions of the county, city, town, division, liberty, or place, for

which he or she shall deliver in any such list, and swear to the effect followings (that is to say:)

Oath T A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of almighty God, do

‘X solemnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every person and persons, whose name or names are inserted or contained in the first part of the list by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the best of my knowledge and belief, upon the twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, really and truly prijoners in afiual custody, in the prison or gaol of at the suit or suits of the several persons therein refpefiively mentioned; and also that all and every person and jpersons, whose name or names rs or are inserted or contained in the second part of the said list vow by me delivered in and subscribed, as aforesaid, have, Jina the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, been committed or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of

[if any such prisoner or prisoners hath pr have, since the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, been committed or fur rindered to such gaol or prison] ] the suit or suits of the several person or persons thyrein refpefiively mentioned) except [if any cxcep' * tion

177^*] Anno dccirao sexto Georgii III c.38. 219

tion is ncccflary] such persons as are therein particularly mentioned /

and described to have died, been discharged, or removed to some other prison by process of law, or to have escaped out of such prison, without my privity, knowledge, r consent, Jrnce the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventyfix; and that all and, every of them, whole name and names is and are contained in the first part of the said list (except as before excepted) to the bejl of my knowledge and belief have really and truly continued in actual cujlody in the said gaol or prison of ever since the

said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventyfix, and that the said list is a true, exact, persect, and just list of all such persons as were really and truly prisoners in aftualcustody, tn the said gaol or prison of on the said

twenty second day January, one thousandfeven hundred and feveuty ftx, ana who since the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventyfix, have, been really and truly committed, or surrendered to the said gaol or prison of (except as before excepted) to the bejt of my knowledge and belief; bnd that none of such prisoners, to my knowledge, or with my privity, have voluntarily, or with design, or in expectation, to take any benefit from or under any act of parliament to be made relief of insolvent debtors,

surrendered or been committed to the said prison of or got bis, her, or their name or names entered as prisoner or prisoners in the books of the said prison, or, since their commitment, have to my knowledge, or with my privity, resided out of the said prison of ' [if any have so done, then add, except inferring their names.] »

Which said respective oaths the said justices, at the first or second Oath to be general quarter session aforesaid, or at some adjournment there administered of, within their refpedrive jurildidrions, are hereby empowered and required to administer in open court: and the words of the10.0 *.

said oath herein before directed to be taken by the said warden rubberibed

and marshal relpedrively, shall be entered or written at the endar the bottom or bottom of the list which shall be delivered in by them refpec of the lilt, lively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open court; and the words of the oath to be taken by every such gaoler or keeper refpedhvely shall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the list which shall be delivered by them refpedttvely, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them re (pcdively in open court: and every such list which shall be so Lists to be 1 delivered in, * subscribed and sworn to, in pursuance of this act, kept by the shall be kept by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or otherc!crlc °f'the officer acting as clerk of the peace of every such county, riding, pcacc* divigon, city, town, place, or liberty respectively, in which any such list as aforesaid mall be sworn to, for the better satisfaction of the said justices, and information of all or any prisoner or prisoners therein named; and so as the same may, from time to time, be seen and examined by any creditor or creditors of prisoner or prisoners, without fee or reward., #

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That

. £20

Three copies of lists to be fixed up in each prison, Icc.

Persons inserted in the lists being prifoneri, without a fraudulent intention, on Jan. as, 177*,

and conforming to this act, shall be discharged.

Persons ar retted for debt, and held to bail, on or before Jan. 1, 1776, surrendering themselves on or before June *6, 1776, and conforming to this at. shall be discharged.

Justices, on petition of any prisoner, and nit delivering a schedule of his eftatt,

Ahno decimo sexto Georgii III C 38. [1776*

That all and every gaoler and gaolers, and keeper of any gaol or prison, is and are hereby required, ten days at lead before the first or second general quarter sessions of the peace shall be hdd, after the parting of this act, for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, in which any gaol or prison shall be, or to which the same belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous place or places in every such prison, and at the rood frequented and usual gate, door, or entrance, into every such prison, three or more true copies of the list or lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such gaoler or keeper at the said genera] quarter sessions, or at some adjournment thereof.

IV And be it further enabled. That all and every period and'persons, whose name or names shall be inserted in any fueh list to be delivered in as aforesaid, who, upon the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, were realty and truly prisoners in thea&ual custody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper oft any prison respectively of this kingdota, and did not come into or get his, her, or their names entered in the book of any gaol or prison as a prisoner or prisoners there, with a view or design to take the benefit of some a for relief of insolvent debtors, and who shall take the oath herein after mentioned, and shall perform, on hrs or her part, what is required to be done by him or her by this act* shall be for ever released and discharged from his or her hnprifonment, in such manner as hereafter is provided.

V Provided always, and be it enacted, That any person or persons who shall have been arrested and in adtuarl custody of an officer, for any fom or sums of money by virtue of any writ or process, issuing out of any court of record, and held to bail thereon, on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and who shall, on or before the twenty sixth day of June, one jhoufand seven hundred and seventy six, surrender him, her, or themselves, in discharge of his, her, or their bail, and stall thereupon be committed to prison, every such person or persons shall, upon due proof of the premises upon oath, be discharged from his, her, or their debts and imprisonment, in like manner as if such person or persons had been actually in prison on the twehty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six j subject rteverthe* left to the same refiri&ions and provisions, and a compliance with the like terms, conditions, and qualifications herein before imposed upon persons actually in custody on the twenty second day oi January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and also subject to the same terms and conditions relating to the estate and etfedls of every such prisoner as aforesaid.

VI And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices of the peace of any county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, upon the petition of any such prisoner or prisoners to any justice or justices of the peace, within his or their respective jurisdictions, upon every such prisoner or prisoners so petitioning, and

at

22%

177$*] Anno dedrno sexto Georgii 111. C 3s.

at the time of his or her so petitioning, leaving With the justice or justices of the peace who shall be so petitioned, a true copy of the schedule, containing his or her intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate, to be sworn to at the first or second general quarter session next ensuing after every such petition, or same adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand^ayiabe their and seal, or their hands and seals, to require the sheriff or brin ^hiin sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, of keeper of any such prison within to t .quarter the jurisdiction of any such justice or justices, to bring before the sessions, C justices, at the first or second next general quarter section of the peace, or any adjournment thereof to be held, as the case shall happen to be, next after the expiration of ten days from the date of such warrant, for such respective county, riding, division, rfty, town, place, or liberty, the body of any peffon being in the find prison as afore fa id, with the warrant or warrants or his with ^1* war or her detainer, together with a copy or copies of the cause ordeuinerhllrc, causes which he, (he, of they, is or are charged with in any such 1 gaol or prison as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid; which warrant of every such justice or justices, every such sheriff and sheriffs, gaoler, or keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VII And be it also enacted, That the copy of every fchedulescfiedule of

which shall be left with any such justice or juftiefe, shall, within to bct#

ten days after the same shall be so left, be tranftnitted by the^nf^^ justice or justices, with whom the same (halt be so left, to the the clerk of clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, the peace, for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or

liberty, in which the same shah have been so left, there to remain and be infpeded, from time to time, as occasion shall re for infpe&ioii choir, by any creditor of any such prisoner who shall desire to creditor, infpc'ft the same.

VIII And be it also enabled, That every such justice or justices Any joftice.

Who shall refuse or omit, for the space of ten days, to tranfmitomi*},, rfb fc the copy of the schedule so left with him as aforesaid, to the a

derk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of copy of the the peace, for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or schedule to liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, shall, for every clerk of stich offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; which (half ftiall^forfeit C and may be filed for and recovered in any of his majesty’s courts, 0jf

of record at Wtfimnfler, by action of debt, together with costs of suit, in the name of any person who shall prosecute for the same; and one moiety of wnich money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the party who prosecutes for the same, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in which the offence shall be committed.

IX And be it further enacted, That' all and every prisoner pri*°ncri and prifonere, who shall intend to petition to be difchargedsjjjjjjjp, tinder this aa, as aforeftid, shall first cause pumick notice to be^ir dif inserted in three feveraf London Gazettes, previous to such general charge, are to quarter session, and the adjournment thereof, at which the faidsiv5 p«wqu« prisoner or prisoners shall apply to be discharged from any

in London or within the weekly bilk of mortality; and if fuoiv&c, ' - *

pn

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 38* [1776.

prisoner shall be in cuftbdy in any gaol out of London, or the weekly bills of mortality, then also in some newfjfeper which shall be published in or near the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or (heshall be Contents of foin custody; containing the name, trade, and occupation, and uk nonce. two last places of abode, if so many, of every such prisoner and prisoners, and the prison wherein he, (he, or they, is or are confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this a; and mentioning such notice in each Gazette or newfc paper, to be the first, second, or third notice, according to the d to be paid time of puhlifhing each of such notices and for the inserting of *aoh Time for each of which said several notices in the said Gazette, or in any infer ting no Qther newspaper, there shall be paid, each time, by every such' ***' twopence, and no more: the first of which said notice

be so inserted in the said Gazette, or in the hid other news

* as the case may require, thirty days at lead, and the last of the said notices, ten days at lead, before any stich first on second general quarter session, and adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid;; that as well all the creditors who have, not charged the said prisoner or prisoners in custody as those creditors who have charged such prisoner or prisoners in execution, or on mesne process, or otherwise may have diffident notice thereof.

X Andy to the intent that all creditors may have full afii fuffieient time to eonftder the matters and things contained m the schedule or schedules intended' io be delivered in by any debtor or debtors, be it Every debtor further enabled, That every such debtor, when he or she shall to debvtr a (according to the directions of this at) publish the first notice schedule of cf an intention to petition for his or her discharge, he or she the gaoler, 0 n ^llc^ not*cc> declare that the schedule, containing his or

and to declare her intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate, (to; the same in his be sworn to in manner as by this act directed) is lodged in the firtt notice, hands of the gaoler or keeper, or the deputy of such gaoler or C keeper, of the prison wherein any such prisoner shall be confined

; and every such prisoner is hereby directed and required to deliver such schedule to such gaoler, keeper, or deputy, as the case may be, before he shall publish such first notice as aforesaid, signed by his or her own christian and surname, to be attested On neglect by any such gaoler, keeper, or deputy; and in case any prisoner thereof, to be shall neglect or refuse to deliver one such schedule to such gaoler, ' remanded keeper, or deputy, prior to such bis first notice to be given as °pn on aforesaid, he or she, upon due proof made of such negle§ to the satisfaction pf the court to which such prisoner shall make application for his discharge, shall be remanded back to prison, there to remain till he or she shall have complied with the direc gaolertoatieft tion* aforesaid: and every fpeh gaoler, keeper, or deputy, is the prisoner's hereby directed and required to attest the fignafure of the pri signature to foner’s name to such schedule, and to receive the same into his andgw«him cuftocty an? Charge, giving a duplicate thereof to every such a duplicate prisoner, with an acknowledgement of his having received the * thereof original and he is hereby further required to deliver a true copy

of

1776.] Anno decimo sexto georgii III c.38. 223

of any such schedule, 'signed by himself, upon request made to andalfoto him by any creditor for that purpose, in writings such copy to«ivc a copy to be delivered to the creditor himself, or to such personas he shall appoint to receive the same, within thyee days after demand q

made, on payment'for each schedule after the rate of sixpence per sheet, each sheet to contain seventy two words, and foin proportion for any less number of words: and if any such gaoler, Gaoler, See. keeper, or deputy, shall neglect or refuse to conform to the n «?glc&t to directions hereby given him respecting such schedule, every such ***10 L gaoler, keeper, or deputy, so offending, shall forfeit and pay the Aim of twenty pounds, to any person who shall sue for and recover the same, in any of his majesty’s courts of record at West mnjur% by action of debt.

XL And be it further enacted, That the notices to be given by every prifonei, in manner directed by this alt, shall be to the ene following videlicet:

I [insert the name trade, occupation. Form of pri

> and two last places of abode, if so many] now confined in foner’t notice [insert the name of the prison and county, ] do hereby give this public notice, being [insert the firfiy feemd, or third as the case may be, ] that I do intend to take the benefit of an ably pajfcd in the fifteenth year of his present majesty.t reign, (entitled An a for the relief of insolvent debtors; and for the relief of bankrupts, in certain cases 5) [and if it be the first notice, then add] and I do hereby give notice y that a true and perfect schedule, containing a discovery of all my real and ptrfonal ejiatty hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any creditor apply 1

ing for the same in manner aforesaidy to the gaoler or keeper, or hit deputy of [insert the name of the prison

wherein such prisoner shall be confined, and the county in which it is situate] ]

every such notice shall be signed by the prisoner, and Notice to be countersigned by the gaoler or keeper, or deputy of such signed by the gaoler or keeper, of the prison wherein such prisoner shall be prlfon*r> confined.

XII And be it further enidted. That every such prisoner as Prisoner being aforesaid, who, in pursuance of any such warrant as aforesaid, brought into shall be brought to the general quarter session, or any adjourn p^«['aatioa ment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon oath, or by notices producing the said three Gazettes and newspapers before men proved, C tioned to the said justices, at any such session, or the adjournment thereof, that such notices were infer ted in the London Gazette and other newspapers, where required, in manner as herein befbre is directed, and that the person or persons so petitioning was or were actually a prisoner or prisoners on the said twency second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eventy six, or since, in the gaol or prison tn which his, her, or their name or names is or are specified in the list of prisoners there delivered in at any such first or second session, or any ad

jpurn

124 Anno decimo sexto Georgii IIL 0.38. [1776.

journment thereof, as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, dull, in opea court, at the said general quarter session, or any acto deliver in journment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true fchedulc or a schedule of account of all his or her real estate, either in pofiefiion, rever debtfta&e> remainder, or expedancy; and also of the whole of his or

C her personal estate, which he or she, or any person or person in

trust for him or her, or for his or her use, benefit, or advantage, is or are seized of, interested in, or entitled to, or was or were in bis or her possession, at any time'since his or her commitment to prison, with the names of his or her several debtors, and where they respectively live, or may be met with and the several sums of money from them rclpedively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are iecured; and if by mortgage, specialty, contract, note, or other writing, then the name and names and places of abode of the several witnefies who can prove such debts or contracts, (if there be any such)) shall also make oath and fwcar to the effect following (that is to say: )'

Prisoner's T A. B. upon my corporal qatb, in the presence of almighty God, do oaf h on de X solemnly wear, protest, and declare, That on the twenty second day frhllrl"? m thc f January, one thousand jeven hundred and fcvtnty six, I was a prs uc* finer, or elfey [as the case may be, ] that fmee the said twenty

ficond day of January, one thousand even hundred andfiventy ftx, / have surrendered, or have been committed to the prifin of

in difebarge of my bail, or for want ofbail, [as the case shall be; ] and that I was actually arrejled, and in the custody of an officer, before the aid twenty focond day of January, one thoujmd seven hundred and fiventyfix, in the action or fiat, actions or suits, in which 1 surrendered, or was committed as aforesaid, to the jau gaol or prison of and that I have, ever sine

my said fwrrender or commitment, continued a prisoner within the prison of, in the oflual custody of the gaoler

or keeper of the fiid prison of or within the

liberties thereof, at the J nit of * and without

any fraud or collusion wbatfiever; and that the schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my knowledge, re membrance, and belief * field, just, (rue, and perfect account and difi covery of all the goods, effects and ejlates, real and perfinal* either m possession, reverfton, remainder, or expeflaney, which f or any perfm in trust for me, or for my benefit or advantage, are seized or pofftffai of, interested in? or entitled to, or was or were in my pffiffien at cny time fence my commitment to prifin; and of all debts as are to me owing, or to any person or persons in trust for me and of all the Securities and controls whereby any money now is, or wtll or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue 00 mej or to my use, or to any person or peefins in trust for me; mod the names and places of abode of toe Jeveral per fans from whom fetch debt are due and owing; and of the witnefes (hat can prove fitch debts or eontrakfsy [if any such there be; ] and that neither /* nor any aether perfiu or ptrfins in trust sir me, or for my use, have any lands, money

177&] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III c.38. 225

flock, or any estate, rtal or personol, in or remainder,

or txptflaney, other than what are in the aid tained, accept wearing apparel, bedding for tnj/elf

working tools, W necessary implements for my occupation and together with a sum of money not exceeding forty billings, and theft in the whole not exceeding the value of twenty and that /

not, nor anybody for me bath, dirtily or indiref3h, jbld, lessened or other wise conveyed, difpefed of in trust, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, flock, debts, contrails,

or estate, real or personal, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expoft any profit or advantage thereof, or with intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to wbom lam or was indebted in anyvafe bowfoever.

So help me GOD.

And the said schedule and oath shall be, by every such prisoner, Schedule and subscribed in the presence of the justices in open session of the oath to be Tub peace, as hereby is directed, and shall be kept by, and remain jfonb'da‘"the with, the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, for the county, city, liberty, division, the clerk for town, or place, where the (ante shall be (uhicribed and taken, the examina for the better information of all the creditors of such prisoner, on ofcredl* who shall desire, or may have occasion, to relbrt thereto; andtora* every such creditor shall be at liberty, at fealbnable times in the daytime, to penile and examine the same,

XIII And be it further enacted. That the justices within Court, at the their respective jurifdi&ioos, at anyxuch general quarter session, requett a or adjournment thereof, at the request of any creditor or creditors of any such prisoner, are hereby authorised to cause the er, C ca deputy warden and marshal of the Fleet and king’s Bench prison, oath, and any other under officer, tipftass, and turnkey of any gaol or prison, and any other person, to come before them, and to examine them refpedtiveiy on oath, touching any of the matters Contained in any of the oaths prescribed by this act to be taken, and the truth thereof j and if the oath which shall have been The prisoner's taken in open eourt by any prisoner or prisoners, shall not be .oath not be di(approved by good testimony of any credible person or persons JJ*

On oath, and such justices, or the major part of them, present ditcbargtbiro, at. any such. general quarter session, shall be satisfied with the truth of the oath taken by any such respective prisoner, then such justices shall, in such session, or Tome adjournment thereof, command the said sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of such, prison or prisons, forthwith to fet at liberty such prisoner OF prisoners, without having or taking any fee or reward, other than one shilling for his or their attendance with every such on hit paying pfjfoner at foeh general quarter session, oe any adjournmentj**®*'1, to thereof, in order for his, her, or their discharge; (and which(n ” *

every such. (tariff or (tariffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, of such prison or prifooe, is and are hereby authorised to receive and take for every such order:) and every such order shall be a

. suffi '

by

226 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 38* [1 776,

who shall be fafficicnjt discharge to the sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or indemnified keeper of such prifpn or prisons, and shall indemnify him or for the escape. t^em against any escape or escapes, or actton or actions whatsoever for escape, which shall or may be brought commeneed, or prosecuted against him or them.

Estate and XIV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid efftftsof the *phat *]] the estate, right, title, interest, and trust, of such pri b.c.. d?fcha^ge” ncr in, an unto all the real estate, as well freehold and to be veiled in copy as customary hold, and to all the personal estate, debts, and the clerk of effects, of every such prisoner, shall, immediately after the dif the peace, charge of any such prisoner, be, and the same is hereby vested in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, of and for the county, riding city, town corporate, division, liberty, or place, where any such prisoner shall whoistomakebe respectively discharged; and every such clerk of the peace, town c^cr^» or ol^er officer acting clerk of the peace, is nees namfd hereby directed and required to make ah assignment and con by the court; vcyance of every such prifoner’s estate and efie&s, vfcfted in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the said prisoner, as the justices at any general quarter session of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective jurisdictions, shall order and direct, (which alignment and conveyance shall be good and effectoal in law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper stamped 5) and to vest the eftatrs thereby assigned and conveyed in the party or parties to whom the same shall be so assigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, according to the for which he estate and interest the prisoner had therein; and for the prepar shall be paid ing, ingrofsing, and executing of which alignment and convey ance, no clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, shall take any greater fee than two (billings; and every such assignment and conveyance shall be in trust for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such prisoner to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the creditors of such prisoner, in refp$ct or in proportion to their respective Assignees im debts; and every person or persons to whom any such assign powered to mcnt and conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are * hereby fully empowered to sue, from time to time, as there may

be occasion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any estate or effects of any such prisoner, or execute any and also to execute any trust or power vested in, or created for trust r power the u^c or benefit of any such prisoner, but in trust for the foiier VT benefit of him or themselves, and the rest of the creditors of every such prisoner; and to give discharge and discharges to any debtor or debtors of any such prisoner, as shall be requisite: Assignees to and every such assignee or assignees shall, with all convenient fitate and Peed after bis or l^e*r accepting any such assignment or con effects of she vcyance, use his and their bell endeavours to receive and get in piifuner, the estate and effects of every such prisoner; and shall, with all

con

by

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 38. 227

convenient speed, make sale of all the estates of such prisoner and make fal veiled in such assignee or assignees; and if any such prisoner within two shall be interested in, or entitled to, any real estate, either in mr possession, reversion, or expectancy, the lame, within the fpace^au# ^ of two months after evety such assignment and conveyance,

shall be sold by public auction, in such manner, and at such place, as the major part of the creditors of any such prisoner who shall assemble together, on any notice in writing published in the London Gazette, or in some daily paper, if the prisoner before his going to gaol resided in London, or in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some newspaper which shall be

!)ubli(hed in or near the county, riding, diviiion, city, town, iberty, or place, in which such prisoner dwelled before he or she was committed to gaol, thirty days before any such sale shall be made, shall, under his band, or their hands, agree on: and every and make a such assignee or assignees, at the end of three months at farthest dividend from the time of his or their accepting any such assignment or * conveyance asaforesaid, shall make a just and fair dividend of all such prifoner’s estates and effects, which shall have been then t recovered, amongst his or her creditors, in proportion and in regard to ea£h creditor's respective debts; but before any suchdrft making dividend shall be made, such assignee or assignees shall make UP coums^and an account of such prifoner’s estate, and make oath in writing, verifyingthem before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, upon oath, riding, division, town, liberty, or place, in which any such prisoner shall have been discharged, that every such account contains a just and fajr account of the estate and effects of every such prisoner got in by or for such assignee or assignees, and of all payments made in respect thereof, and that all payments in every such account charged were truly and bona side made and paid; and notice of the making of every such dividend shall be pub 30 days no lifhed in like manner as a meeting of the creditors is herein t, fc t0 be before directed to be publiftied, thirty days at lead before the same shall be made; and no creditor shall be allowed to receive dcnd * any share of such dividend, until he shall have made out the ancj none (0 justness and identity of his refpeltive debt by oath, or due proof receive any in writing, before some such justice or justices: and if any share until creditor of such prisoner shall be dissatisfied with the reality orthc^a^ j fairness of any debt claimed by any other creditor, then the §2^ ir same, at the request of any such creditor or creditors so diflatif et, ts"claimed fied, shall be examined into by the justices of the county, riding, to be examine division, city, liberty, or place, in which such prisoner (hallhaveed into and been discharged, at their next general quarter session, and whatd*term, nwl by they shall there determine in the premises shall be conclusive tothc court all parties: and if, after payment of all such prifoner’s creditors. Surplus of the there shall any of his estate and effefls remain after payment of priioner’s all reasonable charges, the same shall be paid to such prisoner, eft?{c to ^ his executors or administrators. toh,, n,

XV And, to the intent that no lost may arise to any creditor or creditors from any niglefi or omission in the fcheduie not containing the fvhtde of the ejlate, real or per final, belonging to any prifincr who

vol.xxxl

toil

in the icbe dale of prisoner's estate.

228 Annodccimo sexto georgii III c.38. [\yj6.

Creditors not Shall apply for bis or ’her discharge, under the authority of this ai to tusser from be it enacted, That all the estate, whether real.or personal, any om^flion which shall belong to any prisoner or prisoners, and of which he, (he, or they, shall be actually possessed at the time of making such schedule, shall be deemed, and taken to be, a part of the estate contained in such schedule, though not inserted therein, and shall in like manner become vested in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as such, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been contained in such schedule, and had been delivered into the court according to the directions of this act. t

XVI Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of the death or removal of any clerk of the f>eace, town clerk, or

On death or removal of

as clerk of the peace, as aforesaid, in whom

: peace, prisoners estates to be come vested in their iuc ccffors.

No salt in equity to be commeneed, but by consent of majority in value of creditors.

the estate, right, title, interest, or trust, of any prisoner or prison ecs, shall have been vested by the authority of this act; every such estate, right, title, interest, and trust, shall become vested in the successor or successors to every such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as aforefa d respectively, as the case may be, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, under the provisions of this act.

XVII Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no suit in equity shall be commenced by any assignee or assignees of any such prifoner’s estate and effects, without the consent of the major part in value of the creditors of such prisoner, who shall meet together pursuant to a notice to be given in the London, Gazette for that purpose.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforetaid. Clerk of the That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting peace to exhi as clerk of the peace of every respective county, city, and county ditor*orhht*town» anc county riding, division, cinque port, liberty, and attorney, on place, with whom any schedules of the estates of any insolvent payment of ts. debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, shall be left, and his fuc the schedule ceflors, clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as sr’» ejates°n* c^cr^ Peace as af°refcidi shall, on the reasonable request

* a 1 of any creditor or creditors of such insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, or his or their attorney, produce apd (hew to such creditor or creditors, or his or their attorney, in the daytime, the fchedqle of the estates of any such insolvent debtor or debtors, fugitive or fugitives, which shall be left with any such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or his predecessor in that office; the person so requiring to see and peruse.any such schedule, paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose custody any such schedule shall be, or his deputy, the futn of one shilling for his trouble in searching for, and looking out, such schedule, and attending whilst the lame shall be perused by the party or parties requiring Attested copy to have the same looked out, and to peruse the same: and that Thereof \ ° a truc c°py cvcry such schedule, signed by the clerk of the c^tocc. P^’ town ckrk* or °thcr officer acting a clerk of the peace,

III

*77^*3. Anno decimo sexto georgiiiii. c.38. s29

in whose custody the same Shall be, or his deputy, purporting the same to be a true copy of such schedule, without being wrote on stamped paper, (and for which copy no more shall be paid than sixpence by the sheet, each sheet to domain seventy two words, and foin proportion for a less number of words,) shall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatsoever as legal evidence of the same: and if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy, Clerk of the town clerk, r other officer acting as clerk of the peace, shall, on p«aee refuting reasonable request as aforesaid, neglect or refule to produce to fuclh^hedule any such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or his or ckeir at jj.cto deliver torney, any such schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same copy theieof, to be inspected as aforesaid, in the daytime, on such payment cor tender as aforesaid being made to him; or shall ak or take more than after the rate of sixpence by the sheet, each sheet to contain seventy two words, and foin proportion for less than seventy two words in a sheet; or shall refuse to make and deliver a copy of any such schedule, on being requeued as aforesaid foto make the same, and having the money tendered to him for payment of such copy, after the rate aforesaid; shall, for shall forfeit every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum 6f ten pounds; which »ol. and shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his mjjedy’stfcwc *

courts of record at jvejlminjlery by action of debt, together with treble costs of suit, in the name or any person who shall prosecute One moiety to for the same: and one moiety of which money forfeited shall, the Pro, ccu when recovered, go to the party who prosecuted for the same, j and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in which poor of lhe the offence shall be committed. parish.

XIX Provided always, and be it enabled. That before such Assignee of time as any assignee or assignees as aforesaid shall enter on, or copyhold or take any profit from, any copyholder customary estate, as.afore cuftomay said, he or they shall agree and compound with the lord or lords compound of the manor or manors of whom the same shall beholden, forwjth the lord the payment of such fine dr income as, upon any surrender and of tne manor, admission thereto, hath heretofore been mod usually accudomed

to be paid; and that upon every such agreement or composition, and to be d the said lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, or mitred tenants some subsequent court, which shall be held for the said manor thereupon, or manors, after such agreement made, shall admit such assignee or .assignees, tenant to such copyhold or customary prem.fes, according to the cudom of the said manor or manors of which the same shall be held, for and during such estate and intered as the said prisoner had therein at the time of his or her being discharged as aforesaid, reserving the rents, duties, heriots, customs, and services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said copyhold or customary premises.

XX Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex the prisoner tend to prejudice or affect apy estate or intered, or right what right and in soever, of any other person or persons, other than the said prisoner

or fugitive, which may be expectant upon, or subject unto, ^ tj, js the estate or intered of the said prisoner or furtive, hereby vested in the said clerk of the peace, town clerk, or hr officer Ifting

Kz as

AH mortgage, fc. to taice place pf eterable to claim of an inferior nature.

Power in prisoners of leaf ing land?, C veited in assignees.

Th acting gmler, it che ti northeast of deli vcring Ui' ' only liable to be fwom.

Anno decimo sexto georgii III C 38. [*776.

as clerk of the peace; but that the estate, interest, and right whatsoever, of every other person and persons, shall remain, continue, and be saved to them, in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

XXL Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to hinder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages upon the estate of such prisoner or prisoners, or any part thereof, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprised in such mortgage or mortgages respectively; nor to prevent any statute staple, statute merchant, recognisance, or judgement, acknowledged by or obtained against any such prisoner or prisoners, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real estate of such prisoner or prisoners; and also where any inquigtion shall have been taken upon any such statute or recognisance, or any writ or execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the sheriff or proper officer, upon any such judgement, before such discharge shall be given in open session to any such personas aforesaid, the personal estate of every such prisoner respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first place, for so much as shall remain due upon such mortgage, statute, recognisance, or judgement, respectively, in like manner as such mortgagees and creditors, by statute, recognisance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, against the real or personal estate of such prisoner and prisoners respectively, if this act had not been made; any tiling herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXII Ind whereas many persons who may be in tit led to, and claim the benefit of this act, are seised'and pojjeffed of lands, tenements xand hereditaments, to hold to futh prisoners for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leases, and taking fines, reserving Jmall rents on such efatesy for one, twoy or three livesy in pojfejfon or reverfiony or for some number of years determinable upon livesy which said powers ought to be executed for the benefit of the creditors of such prisoners; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in every such case, all and every the powers of leagng such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or shall be vested in any such prisoner or prisoners, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby vested in the affigneeor assignees of the real and personal estate of such prisoner, by virtue of this act, to be by such assignee or assignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of such prisoners as aforesaid.

XXIII And wh f easy in some gaols or prisons in this kingdom, the cffi<e of gaoler or keeper is held in fee for life, or otherwise, by persons who n/ver aft as za.urs or keepers themselves y or know anything of the prisoners therein, but depute or employ some per fen or persons under them os gaolers or keepers of Jueh gaols or prisons; be it therefore enacted, Tlut, in every such case the person who shall have been actually employed and acted as deputed gaoler or keeper of any such gaol or prison, at the time of the delivering in the lists, hereby directed to b delivered in, of prisoners in any such gaol

M or

177^; ] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 38. 23^

. or prison, at any general quarter sessions of the peace, or some adjournment thereof, and not the principal gaoler or keeper,

(unlefe where such principal gaoler or keeper shall act as gaoler or keeper himself)) take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every such gaol or prison.

XXIV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Court, on re the justices, at any general quarter session of the peace, or ad of a

journment thereof, to which any prisoner shall be brought in admiisfter^n pursuance of this act, shall, if required by any creditor or credi ©ath to the tors of any such prisoner or prisoners, who shall oppose his or gaoler, her discharge, administer and give to the gaoler, or the person who acts as gaoler or keeper of any such prison, at the time of bringing up any such prisoner, in order to be discharged under this act, an oath to the following efsect; (that is to say,)

I A. B. do swear, That was really and truly The

a prisoner in my cufiody, in the prison of to the hest of my knowledge and belief at or upon the twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventyftx; and that the copy or copies of the cause or causes of bis [or her] commitment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of the said and prodded to this court is or are a true copy or copies of the cause or causes of such detainer or commitment, without any fraud r deceit by me, or any other person whatsoever to the beji of my knowledge and belief. ' /

So help me GOD,

And if any person who was gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler f such p«rfon or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, on the said twenty second'^^^uj^ day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, or oa'jan***, since, (nail not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, or deputed 1776, then’he gaoler or keeper, of any fych gaol or prison, at the time any such take lh< list as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the ^oll°win8 justices, at any such session, or hit any adjournment thereof, may and arc hereby required to administer and give to the respective person or persons who shall be gader or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, and deliver in any such list as aforesaid, at any such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, an oath touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any such prison to the effect for lowing; (that is to say,)

I A. B. do swear, That I have examined the commitments, or looks Oath. kept of or concerning the commitment, of prisoners to the prison of in the [county, riding, division, city, town, place, ox liberty of as the case shall be; ]

and that I do verily believe that the said commitments, or books of commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, not calculated f0this purposey and by them it doth appear that

was, on the twenty second day of January, one thousand seven bun

232 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III p. 3$. [1776.

dred and seventy fix, really and truly a prisoner in the actual cujlody of the then gaaler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of the said prison, without fraud or deceit by me, or any other person or persons, to my knowledge and belief.

So help me GOD.

XXV Andy in order to discover any fraudulent entries or commitments of prisoners in any gaol books, be it further enacted by the Court, at the authority aforesaid, That the justices, at any general or quarter request of a session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, are hereby summon the authorised, at the request of any creditor or creditors of any person who prisoner, to convene before them, at some certain time, to be acted at gaoler appointed by them, any person or persons, who was or were on Jan. »*, gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any gaol or 1776, oriince, prjfon wjthin their respective jurisdictions, on the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy and examine six, or at any time since; and to examine every such gaoler or limon oath, keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the com mitment and continuance in custody of any such prisoner, as the justices, at any such general or quarter session, or adjournment, Sheriff or thereof, shall think fit: and if any sheriff, gaoler, or keeper, £*°krdif or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall neglect or refuse to bring be o^ourt to 'r^orc iu^‘ccs> at any session of the peace, .or adjournment

forfeit 1001, thereof, any prisoner as shall be directed and required, by warrant with treble of any justice or justices as aforesaid, or to attend on being aim colli. moned for that purpose; or if any gaoler or keeper attending,

shall refuse to make answer and discovery in the premises, as shall be reasonably required, at such general or quartet feflyon, or any adjournment thereof, he, (he, or they, so offending in, the premises, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the

sum of one hundred pounds; to be recovered, by and in the name, and for the use, of the party injured, byadlion of debt, to be brought in his or her name, in any of his majeftv’s courts of record at iveftminster, together with treble costs of uiit.

XXVI And whereas a great number of workmen Jkilful in the. ftveral trades and manufactures of this kingdom, and also many able seamen and marinersf finding themselves unable to satisfy the whole of their respective debts, and dreading the miseries of a gaol, have choje to leave their employments and native country, and have entered themselves in foreign service: : whereas their continuance abroad mujl tie f ireat prejudice to the trade of this kingdom; in order therefore so induce and enable such persons to return, be it enabled by the. Debtors who authority aforesaid, That all and every.debtor and debtors, who were beyond was or were atfuljy beyond the Teas, in foreigh parts, on the la fe^°fn 5 said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred furnnderi^ng* ?nd seventy fisc and did not go into such foreign parts with the themfelvet, view or intent to gain or have the benefit fan insolvent debtor’s may take the a, who shall return and surrender himself or themselves, within benefit of this fpun^n days next immediately after his or their landing in a 1 England, unto the gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of tbo

prisons

..

1776.} Anno decimo sexto Georgii III c.38. 233

- prisons of the king’s Bench, Marshalsea or Fleet, or to the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of the prison or prisons of such county, city, town, riding, division, liberty, or place, where such debtor or debtors Raft dwelied, for the space of six ^ month?, (which said gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, is and are hereby required and im powered to receive, and detain such debtor or debtors, surrendering as aforesaid, in order to their discharge, as herein after mentioned,) and who, from and iop mediately after such surrender, do continue in actual custody of such gaoler and gaolers, keeper or keepers, until the time of his discharge, shall be deemed a prisoner or prisoners within, and be, to all intents and purposes, entitled to the benefit of this act; and shall, upon due proof of the said premises, by the oath of such debtor or debtors (not disproved by any credible witness } / discharged in the same manner as if he, (he, or they, had been actually in prison on the said twenty fe: ond day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and continued therein as aforesaid j subject nevertheless to the same restrictions upon he same and provisions, and a compliance with the like terms, condi tions, and qualifications, hereinbefore imposed upon the said cra/^ prisoners adfually in custody upon the said twenty second day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and also subject to the terms and provisions relating to the estate and effects of such prisoner, as aforesaid; excepting only such parti except in cer culars thereof as require the name of a prisoner to be inserted in *aifl p«rticu the gaolers dr keeper's list, as aforesaid, as relate to the oaths ofltn* such' gaoler or keeper herein before appointed to be taken; which particulars cannot possibly be applied to the case of per tonnes surrendering themselves .as aforesaid; and also except the said Oath herein before appointed to be taken by prisoners in custody upon the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; instead whereof, the person or persons so surrendering shall take an oath, in open court, at some general or quarter session of the peace, or some atljourn 1 ment thereof, of the county, city, town, riding, division, place,

. or liberty, in the prison of which ahy such fugiti^ or debtor fhafl be held, after the surrender of any such fugitive or debtor,

. to the eflfedt following; which the said justices authorised to put this ain execution, are hereby required and empowered to administer in such manner as the oaths herein before mentioned are to be administered,

, A. B. upon my corporal oath? in the presence of almighty God, Fugitive's JL solemnly j'wear* protejl, and declare; That I was actually on the oalh* twenty second day January, one thousandfeven hundred andjeventy jix* beyond the sees in foreign parts j videlicet, at and that I did within fourteen days next immediately after my landing surrender myself to the evjlody of the keeper of [as the case may be j] and that 1 have ever since such my surrender continued a prisoner in his custody; and that the schedule now dedher od and by me fubfcribtd, doth contain to the beji of my knowledge V

R 4 r

234 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C $8. [i 776.

rmembranct, and belief, a full, just, true, and perfefl account end discovery, of all the real estate, goods, ejfefls, and other perfanal aflat**,

"in arty wise belonging to me; and also of all such debts as are tefme ' owing, or to any perjou or persons in trujl for me; and of au the ' securities and contrails whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or whereby or wherefrom any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my use, or to any other perjon or per jons in trujl for me; and the names and places of abode of the Jeutrd persons from whom such debts are due and owing; and of toe wu neffes that can prove Juck debts or contrails, [if any such there be j] and that neither I, nor any persons in trujl for me, is or are fiifid of any real (ft ate, in pojfejfion, reverfton, or remainder, or expeflaney, er of any perjondl estate of any kind whatsoever, other than what are in the said Jchedule contained; except my wearing apparel, and bedding for rnyfelf and family, my working tools, and necessary implements forney occupation and calling, together with a sum of money not exceeding forty y Billings, and not exceeding in the whole the value of twenty pounds;

and that I have not, direllly or indirectly, sold, lejfened, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in trujl, or concealed, all or any part of my reed estate, money, goods, chattels, flocks, debts, securities, controls, or per final ejlate whatsoever, whereby to secure the same, so as to reubvo or expect any profit or advantage therefrom to myfilf or family, or with any view, intent, or design, to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom 1 am indebted in anywise bowfiever, or prevent their recovering or attaining their respective debts.

So help me GOD.

Fugitives ar XXVII Provided also, and be it enacted, That if .any fitgi retted, intend tivc intending tofurrender to the terms of this a, (hdl, within dcg ^nthied*1 Pace mentioned of fourteen days, be arrested in any

tole benefit ^ or a<^on> which cause of action accrued before the said at this a. twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and

seventy six, such fugitive giving notice (as before directed,) to any justice of the peace at the next general quarter sessions, and hi all other fefpefts complying with the terms and conditions of this act, shall be entitled to the benefit of the same; and every sheriff, bail#f, or officer, gaoler, or keeper of a prison, in whole euftody such fugitive shall be detained, shall conform him or themselves to the directions of this act, in like manner as before mentioned.

XXVIII And whereas a great number of commijfion and warrant officers, in his Maiefly's sea and land service * through unavoidable misfortunes, have involved themselves in debt (and many of them, through necessity, have taken up 'money on terms very difadvantageons to themselves, tending to hasten their ruin) are now unable, though willing; to serve their King and country, because, to avoid the disgrace and Shame of a prison, they have taken Jhclter in privileged plates, and ionrtot come forth without danger of being immediately arrested, or have been thrown into prison, without hopes of being releajed by any discharge of their debts, and are therefore become ufilefs and d heavy

burr

*35

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 38.

burden, tnjlead'of being serviceable to the Jlate: and whereas thanycf them are not under the description of those persons who can take benefit by the prcviftons of this act, without Jome extension thereof, yet are very proper objects of such relief as is hereby intended to be given; be it therefore enacted, That all and every commission or war Any commit rant officer br officers, in his majesty’s sea or land ferwee, now f*^n orj**r upon the full or half-pay list, who shall, on or before the twenty forth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, rcncjer him" funrender himself or themfejves to the gaoler or keeper of any of iclt, asbhere his majesty’s prisons, in such manner as is herein ditedied for n directed for fugitive debtors returning from foreign parts, who mean to claim the benefit of this act, and who shall, subsequent thereto, conform thetnfelves in all respects to the like terms and condi (had be inri tions prescribed to such fugitive debtors, (except as to so much tied to the be of the oath required to be tiken by them, as declares that such f ^ debtors were in foreign parts on a certain day, and did surrender within fourteen days after their return j) instead whereof, every such debtor shall swear, that he did, on or before the twenty forth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six,

[as the case maybe] furrendef himself to the custody of the gaoler or keeper of [insert the name of the prison]

and who Aall, in all other respects, take the same oath as every such fugitivedebtor is required to do, shall be deemed and taken to be a ptfioher or prisoners within the true meaning of this at and be iritftled to the benefits thereof, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That if any gaoler or keeper of any prison, or his deputy or Gaoler, or deputies, shall, without just cause, to be approved of by the jufticci at same general quarter session of the peace, or adjourn no^omplyine men? thereof, within their refpedhve jurisdictions, refuse or delay with the re to bring any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid to any such gubtions of general quarter session, or some adjournment thereof, in order to

to his or her discharge; or shall negleet, refuse, or designedly forjach0of * omit to insert, in any such list, the name or names of any such fence, with ' prisoner or prisoners who was or were actually in custody in his treble costs. or their respective gaol or prison, on the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, or since; or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver, such lists as aforesaid 5 or if any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him; or (hajl, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, take or receive more than the said sum of one shilling herein before allowed for his or her attendance in order to be discharged of such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid; or shall detain any such prisoner after he or she fnall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the printer of the London Gazette, or other newspaper, as '

aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the notice by this act directed to be given, on reasonable request to him made for that purpose, and tender of the money hereby

direct

\

by

Goo,,

L Anno decimo sexto Georgii III c.38. £1776.

f ' difeded to be paid; or shall take or receive any see pr gratuity more than twopence as aforesaid for doing thereof; every such gaoler and keeper of such prison or prisons, his deputy or deputies, and .every such printer as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and pay to each prisoner, in any such case injured, the sum of one hundred pounds; which shall and may be recovered, with treble costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or informa tion, in any of the courts of record at Wejlminjhr% wherein no. essoin, protection, or wager of lats, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXX And'be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Gaoler con That if any such gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, or any yi&ed of per deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison, shall, in taking of the jury, to tofefc aforementioned oaths, forswear or perjure himself, and shall stfl UU t^crco^ lawfully convicted, such gaoler or keeper, or deputed * 0 gaoler or keeper, of such prison or prisons, (over and above/uch

penalties as may be inflicted on persons convicted of peijury,) Shall, upon every such conviction, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with full cods, by bill, plaint, or information, or sdion of debt, in any of his majesty’s courts. of record at ivejlminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, by and in the name of such personor persons, his and their executors and administrators, to whom any assignment or conveyance, in pursuance of this act, shall be made, of the estate and effects of such prisoner pr prisoner;;, if no such assignee or assignees shall be living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors who shall sue for the Application of said penalties; to be applied, one moiety to the informer or the penalty, informers, and the other moiety towards satisfaction of the debts of such his creditor or creditors.

Clerk of the XXXI And be it further enacted. That if any clerk of the peace refilling peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, ox other officer acting as a pjifoner a c|erk Of the peace, mall delay or refuse to give every or any such ffifcharce prisoner so discharged as aforesaid, within fourteen days. ?fter

1 ** * his or her discharge, a copy of the order of his or her discharge,

or taking exon the payment of two (billings and (ixpence; or shall take

orbitant sees, more than the sum of two (billings and (ixpence for such copy;

or shall take more than one shilling for an assignment or con shall forfeit veyance of such prifoner’s estate or effects; every fuqh clerk of

oi. to the the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting

prisoner. as c)erk Of tic peace, who shall so offend, and who shall becop

vided at any such general or quarter (eflion of the peace, or.any adjournment thereof, of any such offence, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay to every such prisoner the sum of twenty pounds, as the justices of the peace at any such general quarter session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, Shall order; and who are hereby empowered to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as derk of the peace, so offending. ' -

XXXII And be it further enacted by the authority afore

(aids

1776-] Anno deqirpo fextt) Georgii III C 38. 237

laid. That if any prisoner as aforesaid, or any other person or prifener, *«. persons who shall, take the benefit .of this act, shall forswear or cenwfted of perjure hirafdf, herself, or theqiselves, in any oath to be taken pcqury»to uodcr this act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, (he, *

or they, so offending, shall be adjudged a felon, and suffer as such, without benefit of clergy.

XXXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person to be difcfiarged by this dd shall, at any Person dif time hereafter, be imprifpned by reason of any judgement or ch?r^ bf decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any debt, j^bkio damages, contempts, costs, sum or sums of money, contradcd, prhonmentfo* incurred, occasioned, owing or growing due, before the said debt, C twenty second day of 'January, one thousand fcven hundred and contracted be seventy six; but that Upon every arrest, upon every judgement, for

or such decree, or for such debts, damages, contempts, costs, 177 * sum end sums of money, it shall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the process issued, upon (hewing the copy of the order of such priioner’s discharge or difebarges, to release and discharge out of custody such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid; and shall, stf the same time, order (he plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such suit or suits, to pay such prisoner or prisoners the costs, he, lhe, or they, shall have incurred on such occasion, or (a much thereof as to such judge shall fettn just and reasonable; and every such judge is hereby empowered foto do 00 such prifoner’s causing a common appearance to be entered for him in every such action and suit.

XXXIV And whereas under former as of this kind, doubts have arisen, what was to be done with such prisoners who applied at any session to be discharged who owed and Jlood charged with i$bt$% as well previous as subsequent to the day limited by the refpeftivt alts $ to remedy which ^ be it therefore eqaded by the authority aforesaid,

That no prisoner or prisoners lhail be discharged of any Bat no pri debts subsequent to the twenty second day of January, one (oner to be thousand seven hundred and seventy fi j and if it fiiall appear discharged or to thejustices, in any session or adjournment, that any prisoner qucntuier^a. or prisoners, (hen applying to them to be discharged, shall (land 4 charged as well with debts previous to as subsequent to the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy.fix»chat in such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices to discharge him or her of all debts previous to the said yvcnty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and to remand him or her back to the custody of lhe keeper of the prison from whence he or she was brought, far all debts with which he or she (lands charged with in his cuftbdy,, subsequent to the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six.

XXXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action of escape, or any suit or action, be Justices, kc brought against any justice or justices of the peace, (h'eriff, i»aypfcad tbit gaoler, or keeper of any prison, for performing their office, in can ac “

. pursuance of this act, they may plead the general issue, and give ig^tt mc/a.

this

/

ij8 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III c.38; [ 1776.

and recover this act in evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited or difcon trcblc costs. tinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgement upaa demurrer, the defendant (half have treble costs.

XXXVI And be it further enacted by the authority afbre persons dif said. That if any Scire Facias, or action of debt, or upon judge charged may ment, shall be brought against any prisoner, his or her heirs, SKIT; cxectrs’ or aditiiniftrators, upon any judgement obtained ah actions or aga^n^ any such prisoner, or. on any statute or recognisance ac judgements knowledged by him or her, before the said twenty second day brought of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, with worf/an” 1 refpc& t0 prisoners in actual custody, or with respect to debtors the Teas, as aforesaid; upon the said twenty second day, ' of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, it fhafi

be lawful for any such prisoner, his or'her heirs, executors, or administrators, to plead generally that such prisoner was a&tiahy a prisoner in such prison.at such a person’s suit, or was or were V ’ beyond the seas in foreign parts on the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and was or were duly discharged according to this act, at the general quarter session, or adjournment thereof, held at such time and -* place, for such county, riding, division, liberty, city, town, or

place, (as his, her, or their case is,) without pleading any matter and In other specially; and in case any other suit or action shall be com suits may menced against him, her, or them, for any other debt, sum or ch^evh"* sums of money, due before the said twenty second day of ja perftms°fromf marj* one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, to plead in execution. discharge of his or her person from execution, (over and above such matters as aforesaid)) such debt or sum of money, (as the case shall happen) was contracted or due before the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, without pleading any other matter especially; Plaintiff may whereto the plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the reply gene matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other matter or thing tally, C “which maythew the said defendant not to be entitled to the benefit of this act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same manner as the plaintiff might have replied, in cafe^the defendant had pleaded this act, and his discharge, by virtue of this but if non ad, specially; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his suited, to pay action, or verdict paf against him, or judgement on demurrer, treble costs. the defendant to have treble costs.

Attorniesor XXXVII Provided always, That nothing in thisp**tcon fervantsem tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to relea^rdjt dif carse any attorney at law, or solicitor, or any other ffcrfon or eluded th^be pcr^ons adiog or pretending to ad as such, with regard to any ir tit of this debt with which he or they shall stand charged for any money, or other effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the use of any person or persons, bodies corporate or politic, and by any attorney, solicitor, or other person or persons acting as, such, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own

use; or to release or discharge any servant or agent, or any per,, son or persons employed or intruded as such, with, regard to any

debt

L

17 7*>.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 38. 239

debt or demand, with which he, (he, or they shall (land charged, for and on account of any money, goods, or other effects, received or po(te(ted by him, her, or them, for the use and on account of his, her, or their matter or matters, or employers, and by such servant or agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to his, her, or their own use; anything herein contained to the contras thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII And whereas many evil disposed persons to support their profligate way of life have by various subtle stratagems threats, and devices fraudulently obtained diverse sums of money, goods wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange promijfory notes or other securities for money to the great injury of industrious families and to the

manifest prejudice.of trade and credit; be it enacted, That no pri Personi who foner, who knowingly and designedly, by false pretence or pre pretences,

shall have obtained from any person or persons, money, jjsedmo goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promis nty9 goods, lory notes, or other securities for money, shall have or receive C excluded any benefit or discharge by or under this ak; but the justices, tb? bwefit of at any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjourn thu aa ment thereof, before whom any such prisoner shall be brought, upon due proof of the matter, made to their satisfaction, shall remand such prisoner to the cuttody of the gaoler or keeper of the prison from whence he or she shall have been brought, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX And whereas many debtors have with a view to defraud their creditors sold transferred conveyed or assigned their estate and effects to some person or persons fubjequent to their being in custody of law or imprisoned under some procejs for debt: and whereas such [ale transfer conveyance or alignment has been frequently made, to the infinite prejudice of the fair and honest creditor though sufficient prof could not be obtained to convict the party of a fraudulent deftgn;

be it enacted, That whenever it shall be provea by one or more Any person credible witness or witnesses, to the satisfaction or the court, to haying fold o which any prisoner shall be brought up, in order to obtain hisa^|” efd^f or her discharge, that such prisoner has sold, transferred', con estate or ef veyed, or assigned, to any person or persons, all or any part of feds, after be his estate or effects, subsequent to the time of his impri(onment, in.ghicustody, or of his being in cuttody of law, without just cause for so doing, j^fraudhu10 to be allowed by the justices presiding in such court as aforesaid; creditors, every such prisoner shall lose all the benefits and advantages that shall lof the he might have otherwise claimed under the authority of this act, benefit t “r

and shall not be entitled to his or her discharge. a<ft‘

XL And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. Gaoler to per that every gaoler or keeper of any prison shall, and is hereby mit the speak required to suffer, in the daytime, any gerfon or persons defir [ovrif^ersl* ing the fanje, to see and speak, in the lodge, or some convenient hose names room of the said prison, with any prisoner or prisoners, whose are inserted in names are inserted in the aforementioned list or lists, or i<ondon llrt* °*! Gazette or other newspaper, or any of them, or any persons gate surrendering themselves pursuant to this act $ and also see, in mining origji the true and genuine books of the said prison, the entries made n hooks of

of entries, C

34o

ofifijit.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii HI. C jff. [17769

of the name or names of such prisoner or prisoners, together with the name or names of the j>erfon or persons, at whose suit on penalty of or fiiits he, she, or they arc detained: and if any such gaoler or with colls keeper shall neglect or refuse to comply with what is here above required, every such gaoler or keeper, who shall so offend m the premises, shall Forfeit and pay, to the person so refused and aggrieved the sum of forty pounds; to be recovered, with costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at Wejlminjlei*, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the name or names of the person or persons so refused and aggrieved,

XLI And whereas several persons9 who have talen the benefit of efts of insolvency, from a difficulty of obtaining a new credit to Jet ihemfelves up in their ujual trades and occupations, (as their future effects have been made liable to their debts previous thereto) have gone abroad for the better maintenance of tbemfdves and families carrying the arts and manufactures of this country to our enemies, or rivals jit trade: in order to prevent such evil for the future, be it enabled. That the future real estates, as well freehold and copyhold, as customary copyhold, or money in the funds, or lent upon real security only, of every such person or persons, prisoner or pri notwithltand foners, fugitive or fugitives, which, after the time of his, her, or tng their per their total surrender of his, her, or their estates and effects, ki vnc*er ft ashe, (he, or they, ’ shall or may be seized of, in editors * her, or their own right or ue by grant, demise, or pur 1 chase, shall remain and be liable to his, her, and their respective who may sue creditors, as before the making of this act 5 and any creditor or out execution, creditors of any such prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, butnot again it maat any tjmc hereafterj sue out execution, extents, or other

Prisoners fu. Cure estates, or money in the funds.

their persons, or perfooal effects' '

process, against such real estate or money in the funds as aforesaid, of such person or persons, on any judgement at the time of such discharge recovered, or statute staple, or recognisance acknowledged by, or decree obtained against, any such prisoner or fugitive, but not against his, her, or their person, or his, her, or their personal estate or effects, except money in the funds obtained or accrued (ince such time of such difebarge, other than as aforesaid.

XLII And be it also enacted. That any creditor or creditors of any prifoher or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, who shall be discharged under this act, may, at any time after any such dif

________ _ charge, commence and prosecute any action or suit against any

prifqner’sif such prisoner or fugitive, his, her, or their respective heirs, executors, or administrators, for the recovery of any sum or but not hold sums f money which shall be due from any such prisoner or the prisoner to prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, at the time of his or their faid’ Ipeatel bail, discharge, but shall not hold the person of any such prisoner or wor take hk fugitive to special bail; nor shall take the person, or personal ^ ask C tfeds, other than as aforesaid, of any such prisoner went recover w fugitive, in execution, by any judgement, sentence, or decree, ed against him. which shall have been, or hereafter may be, recovered or obtained

Creditors may foe for the recovery of debts due at the time of

*41

17^6.]. Awio jdecicao sexto Georgii III c.38. tained agairift any such prisoner or fugitive; and any judge of the court, out of which such execution shall issue, shall have power to discharge the same by virtue of this act : and, in any No advantage action or suit, which shall be hereafter commenced against any to be taken of such prisoner or fugitive, his or her heirs, executors, or admini fhc cause of flrators, no benefit or advantage shall be had or taken for; that croi^^itbhi the cause of action did not accrue within three years next before yean, C the commencing of any such action or suit; nor shall any statute or limitation be pleadable, or be allowed to be pleaded in bar of or in any such action or suit, which shall be hereafter commenced Dy any such creditor or creditors against any such prisoner or prisoners, unless such cause of action or suit did not Exception accrue within three years next before any such prisoner or fugitive shall be discharged under this act; and, in any such case, the same may be pleaded by any such prisoner, his or her heirs executors, or administrators.

XLIII Provided always and be it likewise enacted, That by Discharge of the discharge of any prisoner or fugitive by force j this act, no prisoner no other person or persons who was or were partner or partners in ji?mrtii»or trade with any such prisoner or fugitive, at the time of his or tarcucu her discharge under this act, or then stood bound, engaged with, or liable to, the payment of any debt with any such prisoner or fugitive, or engaged in any coritrad together with any such prisoner or fugitive, shall be discharged from any such debt or demand; burevery such other person and persons shall several ly (land and be chargeable with, and liable to pay, such debt and debts, and to perform such contracts, in like manner as ify any such prisoner or fugitive had never been discharged from the same.

XLIV And be it further enacted, That if any gaoler or Gaoler make keeper, or reputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison or prisons, ing ftlfc en shall make, or cause to be made, any false entries in any hook rt^011 or books belonging to any prison or gaol under his care or jofo^tgool which he is or was gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to with treble be prepared or kept, any false book or books, in order for any cods, false or untrue entry or entries to be made therein; or shall insert in any list, to be delivered in as aforesaid, the name or names of any person or persons who was not a prisoner or prisoners in actual custody in any such gaol or prison upon the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, or shall not have ever since remained in such actual custody,

(except as in the oath of any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall be excepted,) every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall, over and above the penalties which he shall be liable to for every such fraud, forfeit and pay thefum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered, with treble costs of salt, by and in the name, and for the use, of any person or persons who shall be prejudiced by any entry, or such false entries; which penalties shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty’s courts of record at Weflminfttr, wherein no essoin, protection.

or

24*: Anno decimo sexto georgii III C 38. [i776.

or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be

allowed.

Fcrfons refu XLV And be it further enacted, Thit if any prisoner, being to declare thereunto required by any creditor, shall refuse to discover and the abode, C decjare the trade or occupation, and habitation, or Jaft place of at who suit person or persons at whose soit he or she is debe

it detain tained or charged in custody;; being called for and deiired, CD C by any creditor or creditors, ‘to come to the lodge of the prison in which any such prisoner shall be confined, without some rea tob< excluded fonabie cause being made appear to the contrary; every such the benefit of prisoner, upon proof being made thereof before the justice at this act. any general or quatter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVI And whereas there is but one common or county gaol for each of the refpefiive counties of York, Lincoln, Lancaster, and Durham, which said counties are each of them divided into federal ridings or diviftons, all which have fever a I commi//ions of the peace; and if the gaolers of those gaols be obliged to carry the debt or r, prisoners therein, to the quarter fejfton of each riding or divifion9 the same will be a very great charge, not only to such gaolers, but also to the prisoners in those largt counties; be it therefore enacted by the autho jufttce# may rity aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for two or more aftemble ator justices of the peace for any of the ridings or divisions in the re near any fp dtive counties, (or any other county or counties where the android ’ pons are at a distance from the place where the sessions are session there held,) at the common or county gaol thereof refpcdtivdly, or at tor discharge some convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required of prisoners. to aftemble and meet, and to holds session there, by adjournment from their respective quarter session, from time to time, for the discharge of the respective prisoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this act.

XLVII And whereas the next general quarter feffwns of the peace. for the county of Surrey, which shall happen after the paffng of this aft? may be in the county, and upwards of twenty miles from any of the said prisons; be it therefore enacted by, the authority afore justices for the said. That it shall and may be lawful for such justices as shall county of he assembled at the general quarter session of the peace to be Surrey may af held for the county of Surrey, next after the passing of this town halloa anc fhcy arc hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said south*at kfor session to the townhall in the borough of Southwark, for the administering purpose of administering the oaths required to be taken and oaths, Sec. fobfcribod by this act, by the several gaolers within the said

county wherein any prisoner or prisoners are confined, and to r the discharging such respective prisoner or prisoners confined therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of \ this act.

XLV III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, eleke^in ° at all debtors and others, who were in prison on or before custody for the said twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred

177&] Anno decimo sexto georoiiiii. c.38* 243

deed and fevenry six, or since, in any of the gaol of this king payment for dbm, and now remain there for not paying their sees, rents, or Jees, e. to other demands due, or claimed as due, to the keeper or, gaoler bediiehargeif# of apy prison respectively, or to any other officer of such prison, and upon no other account, shall be discharged therefrom, he,

(he, or they, taking the oath by this act required to be taken by pri/oners.

XLIX Provided always, and it is hereby further eoafted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall not extend or be con This act not (trued to extend, to discharge any person out of prison, seeking to extend to his or her discharge under this act, with respect to any debt or debtors to tb penalty with which he or she shall (land charged at the suit of crofmj the crown, or a the suit of any sheriff or other public officer, upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any person prosecuted for any offence committed against any act or acts of parliament relative to his majesty’s revenues of customs, excise, or salt duties, or either of them.

L Provided also. That this act shall not extend to discharge nor to prison any person out of prison, seeking his or her discharge under this ei who owe aft, who shall be charged by anybody politic or corporate, or more than ^ by apy one person, on or before the said twenty second day of unltft January, one thousand fevep hundred and seventy six, in any (bch crcduor sum exceeding the sum of one thousand pounds, besides interest consent. and costs, and whose discharge shall be ip court opposed by such body politic or corporate, or one person. (except; such person Exception qr perions who shall have been bound in security for any other person or persons to a larger amount, and it shall appear, to the fathfaftion of the court, that such person or persons so bound, or giving, or joining in, such security, hath or have not received, or applied to his, her, or their own proper and separate use or benefit, any part of the sum or sums of money so due and owing as aforesaid)) if any such body politic or corporate, creditor Creditor op or creditors, to whom a sum exceeding one thousand pounds posing prison shall be owing, shall oppose the discharge of such prisoner, cr’s discharge, (except as aforesaid)) shall insist that such prisoner be continued in gaol 3 that then, and in such case, such body politic weeks P or corporate, or creditor or creditors, opposing the said prifoner’s discharge as aforesaid, shall, at his, her, or their proper costs and charges, allow and pay, in the whole, such a weekly maintenance to the said prisoner, not exceeding four (billings, nor less than three (billings and sixpence per week, in such manner as the said justices, in their general quarter session, or adjournment thereof, shall prder; and, upon nonpayment of the same for and on non. thefpaeeof two weeks, the said prisoner, upon application to paymei^for * the said justices in their general quarter session, held as afore p"f0nertobe said, shall be discharged, pursuant to the intent and meaning of difcbargtd'

ist aft.

hand whereas, under former acts, creditors have been put to great expenses and trouble in attending every fejfton and adjournment, during the whole continuance of the act, to oppose the discharge of prisoners clearly excluded from any benefit under the said refpefiive Vo*. XXXI S atts.

his diftnarge.

Justices, on ptoof by two witnesses of objections being removed. See. may dif ctiarge such prisoner.

244 Aimo decimo sexto Georgii III C 38. [1776.

alls, but who, after having been before one session heard, and refvfei a discharge, to harrafs their creditors, constantly gave frejb notices far each fubfe</uent session and adjournment of their intended application to be discharged; to remedy which, be it further enacted by the’. Determina authority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever, the determination of juiticcs tion of the justices in section or adjournment (halt be final to all wiuf *ntents and purposes, unless the prisoner shall, during the con

tothe'men -- tinuance of this act, get rid of the objection or objections, for non of any which they refused his discharge; and, that the same maybe

pcifonei i clear and certain, the justices are hereby required to state the

nnlefs the pti objections why such prifoner’s discharge is refused by them; loner get nd an(j9 jn au cases whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for tion^fo°rwhich x^c ju^^’ces> at any fobfequent session or adjournment, upon ap they refused plication from the prisoner, upon due proof on oath made to them, by two or more credible witnesses, (which oath they are hereby im powered to administer)) each objection or objections being removed, and on proof of notice, served, at lead ten days previous to such application, on the creditor or creditors who before opposed his discharge, and of notice likewise inserted in the Gazette, in manner before directed by this act, to order such prisoner to be brought before them, and, if they shall then be of opinion the said prisoner is entitled to the benefit of this act, to order him to be discharged, he taking the oath, and in all other rcfpedu conforming to the directions of this act.

No fugitive to LII Provided always. That every fugitive or fugitives, in obtain a dif titled, or to be entitled, to the benefit of this act, shall obtain charge after rcfpedkive discharges on or. before the first day of Augufi,

Ufi’ **177 * one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, or shall be excluded from all benefit of this act.

LI II And whereas it may happen that several persons, who may claim and be entitled to the benefit of this alt, are seized of an estate tail, in same freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which entail, with the remainders thereupon expectant, they' have, by law, power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, suffer vig a common recovery or common recoveries, or by furrendtr or surrenders thereof, whereby such person or persons said freehold or copy hold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, would be liable to the payment of their debts, and be delivered up, according to the terms of this alt, for the benefit of their creditors; be it therefore enacted by the Prrfows seized authority aforesaid, That in every such case, such person or persons so seized as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to, and claim the benefit of this act, shall, to all intents and purposes whatsoever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared to be seized of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments in fee: provided the same shall be delivered up to the creditor or creditors of every such prisoner, in the same manner as if such person or persons had actually levied a fine, suffered a common recovery, or recoveries, or made a surrender or surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seized in fee; any law, or construction of law, to the contrary thereqf* in anywise notwithstanding.

of an eftajg tail, claiming tive benefit of ibis tare to cmivtr up tin fa northeast to CI editors.

1776 ] Anno decimo sexto geokgii III C 38. 245

LTV And whereas many perfins who may take the benefit of this have been great dealers, or otherwifi engaged'in large transactions, whereby they may be ini it led to sundry and great debts and demands, of various and intricate natures, and they may de entitled to equities of, redemption of ejlates, subject and liable to mortgages, judgements, and other encumbrances, or to reversions, remainders, or other contingent, ejlates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to other trujls or in' '

in ejlates, both real and perfinal, which may not be jujficicntly deftribed or discovered in the fhedule, or inventory, before dire tied to be delivered in, upon oath, .as aforesaid, or which may want his aid or affifiance to adjufi, make out, recover, or manage, for the benefit of the creditors: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Afllgneesmay That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective ®pply for fur assignees of the estate and cffedts of such prisoner or prisoners 1. exajpi who shall obtain his, her, or their discharge, in pursuance of foneratouckr this act, .or any other person or persons, duly authorised by them log the differ that purpose, from time to time, to apply to any twb or covery of their more of'the justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, i city, town, place, or liberty, where such person or persons shall be then redding, thereby desiring that such person or persons may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their estate or effects;; such justices shall and justices send for, or call before them, such person or persons, by such may send for warrant, summons, ways, or means, as they shall think ^ I shem*icwrd* and, upon such person’s appearing, shall examine him, her, or fag\y. them, as well upon oath as otherwise, as to such matters and things, as such afiignee shall desire, relating to the estate and effects of such person or persons j and if any person or persons Persons refus (on payment, or tender of payment, of such reasonable charges ing to appear, as fu; h justices shall jude; e sufficient) shall neglect or refuse to or anfwcf* come and appear, not having a lawful excuse, to be made know/i ^r't^cooi to such justices, and by them allowed, or, being come before mitted. them, shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer to all such questions as by such justices shall be put to him, her, or thenv relating to the discovery of his, her, or their estate or effects, so vested, or intended to be vested, in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or in such assignees as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, to apprehend such person or persons so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until such time as he, (he, or they, shall submit him, her, or themselves, to such justices, and answer up oo oath to all such lawful questions as shall, by such justices, be put to him, her, or them, for the purposes aforesaid.

LV And be it further enacted by the authorityi aforesaid.

That all and every such person and persons, who shall, within *°1. percent, twelve months after the discharge of such prisoner or prisoners, voluntarily come in and make a discovery of any part of such Victon*!**** debtor or debtors real or personal estate, as shall not be com months, any prised in such schedule as aforesaid, before any justices aforesaid, part of a pri*

Si shall

146 Anno decrmo sexto georgii HI. c.j9. [1776.

(oner’s estate shall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per Centum, out iio* cemented pf the net produce of such debtor or debtors estate which shall clule*5 fchc- e recovfered on such discovery, and which shall be paid to such person or persons to discovering the same, by the assignee or afiigrfees of such prifoner’* estate and effeas.

Difchargeob LV1. Provided always, and be k if enacted, That not with wiued fraudu (landing the discharge of any prisoner or prisoners by virtue of icnrly, void. t^s ac jf t ^ajj hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken by any such prisoner was not true; then, and in every such case, every such discharge shall be void, and of none ^ LVII And) ftr the better discovery of the ejlate and effedh of any

prisoner who Shall be discharged by virtue of this act, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That any person or persons who shall have accepted of any trust or trusts, and shall wilfully conceal or protect any e^ate, real or personal, of any such prisoner, from his.creditors, and shall not, within thirty days after any af&gnee ieit 100l and or assignees shall, in pursuance of this abe chose of any such ^ituhbt%vblele, pr^orjeif, s discover and disclose to such assignee or assignees

Person concealing any ettare or effete, of the prisoner for

colts offbit.

such trust and estate, in writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such assignee or assignees, he, (he, or they, so offending, shall, for every fu?h offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and also double the value of the estate, either real or personal, so concealed, to and for the use of the creditors of any such prisoner; to be recovered by action of debt, in any of his majesty’s courts of record at iveflminster, in the name or names of the aflignec or assignees of such prifoner’s estate, together with treble costs of suit.

LVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall be lawful, at all times hereafter, for any assignee or assignees, of the estate or effe6ls of any prisoner or prisoners, who shall be chose in pursuance of this act, by and with the consent of the major part in value of such prisoner or prisoners creditors, who shall be present at a meeting, to be held on compound for twenty-one days public notice being previously given for the A am purpose hereafter mentioned, in the London Gazette, if the prisoner was in custody in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, then also in some newspaper, which shall be published in the county, city, or place, in or near which any such person shall have been in gaol, to make composition with any person or persons, debtors, or accountants, to such prisoner or prisoners, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable; and to take such reasonable part of any such debt as can, upon such composition, be gotten in full discharge of such debts and accounts, and also to submit any difference or dispute between fuel) assignee or assignees, and any person or persons for 'or on account, or by reason or means 01 any matter, cause, or thing, relating to such prisoner or prisoners estate and effects, or to any debt or debts due, or claimed to be due, to or from such priioner or prisoners, to the final end and determination of arbitrators, to be chosen by the said assignee or assignees, and the

major

Assignees,

with consent of the majority in value of the creditors, may

debts due to the prisoner's ltaie;

and imy fub m t any dif p * * rearing t f > arbitration $

447

1776k] Anno derimo fatto grorqii III c.38:

major part In value of fdch creditors, and the party or parties With whom they shall hav no diffidence; and to perform th award of such arbitrators; or of any umpire to be chdfen by them, or otherwise to settle and agree the matters in difference or dispute between them, in such manner as the said assignee or sflignees, with such content as aforesaid, shall think fit and can agree; and the same shall be binding to all the creditors of such prisoner or prisoners; and every such affignce or assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the premises, in pursuance of this act.

LIX And whereas, under former a bis of this nature, no previfio* was ever made as to what Should become of the effete and efftfls of any prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, not got in, obtained, or recovered, by any afp.gnee or assignees chose pkrfuant to the directions of the several a bis, at the tune of bis or their death or deaths, ini tobofe heir or heirs, executors, admihifiranrs, and assigns, refused to aft or meddle therein; to remedy which, be it efiadted. That irt all such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the creditors of every stich prisoner or prisoners, fugitive or fugitives, to chute a new assignee or assignees in manner and form as hereinbefore rs directed, and to obtain a new assignment from the derk of the peace, or his deputy, town derk, or other office idling as clerk of the peace, pursuant to the order of the justices, and which said order the said justices are hereby required and im powered to direst, (on due proof on oath being made to them of the death of such former assignee or assignees, and refusal of his or thrir heirs, executors, administrators, or aftigns, to aft or meddle therein;) and the said clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as derk of the peace, are hereby empowered to obey the same, sand execute such assignment accordingly, in manner and form as if no former assignment had ever been made; the said assignee or assignees, clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, hereby conforming to all orders and directions made by this act, relative to them or any of them; and to he liable to all such pains and penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by virtue of this act, for difolvedicnce in any part thereof, or neglect of duty wlurtever; and in Case any such assignee or assignees shall die, and his heirs, executors, administrators, or afitgns, shall refute to aft, that then, and in such ctfc, it shall be lawful for such juftkes of the peace to appoint a new assignee or assignees, with the like powers and authorities IS are given by this act; and the said justices fhdl have power, in a summary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, of such assignee or assignees, to account and deliver up all such estate and effects as shall remain in his or their hands, to be applied for the purposes of this act.

LX And, to the intent and purpose that the ejiate and effebls of such prisoner or prisoners as shall be discharged by virtue of this art may be duly and faithfully applied for the benefit of his, her, or their real creditors, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That it

S 3 shall

If assignees die before the eftefts of the prisoners are got in, and their heirs,

C refuse to aft, other assignees to be appointed,

and creditors to obtain a new assignment from the clerk of the peace, which the justices are to direst. Clerk of the peace to obey tneolder, as it no assign' mtnr haddocn luoae.

A (Tig nee t complained agamft for intufhciency, fraud, misbehaviour

;

the coijrt thereupon is to fuinmon

think fit.

Anno decimo sexto georgii III C 38. [1776*

hah and may be lawful to artd for the respective courts at west minjler* and the courts of great sessions in Wales and the principality of Ckejier, and the Counties palatine of Lancaster and Durham, respectively, from whence any process issued upon management, which any such prisoner or prisoners was or Were committed; or other mif or where the process issued out of any other court, to and for the judges of the court of king’s bench, common pleas, and exchequer, or of great sessions aforesaid, within their refpe#ivc jurifdidions, or any one of them, from time to time/upon the petition of any such prisoner, or thp creditor or creditors of such prisoner or prisoners, complaining of any infufliciency, fraud, mi (management, or other misbehaviour of any assignee or assignees of the estate or effects of any such prisoner or prisoners, to summon all parties concerned, and, upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give such orders and directions therein, either for the removal or displacing fucli assignee or and makefuch affisnecs» and appointing any new assignee or assignees, in the orders therein place or stead of such assignee or assignees foto be removed or they shall displaced, or for the prudent, just, or equitable management or distribution of the estate and effedte of any such prisoner for the benefit of the refpetfive creditors, as the said courts or judges refpesftively shall think fit 5 and in case of the removal or displacing of any assignee or assignees, and the appointing of any new assignee or assignees, the estate or ieffe<fts of such prisoner or prisoners foal), from thenceforth, be diverted put of the assignee or assignees so removed or displaced and be verted in, and delivered over to, such new assignee or assignees, in the same manner, and for the same intents and purposes, as the same were, before vested in the assignee or assignees first chose as aforesaid; anything ip this a contained to the contrary i)qt withftandmg.

LXI Provided always, and bp it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where mutual credit hath been given between any prisoner or prisoners who foall be discharged in pursuance of this act, and any other person or persons, or body politic or corporate, before the delivery of such schedule or inventory of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners, upon oath as aforesaid, the respective assignee and assignees of such prisoner or prisoners is and are hereby authorised and required, on his ant) their parfs, to state and allow an account between them and the other .party or parties concerned; and nothing more foall be deemed to be vested in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or such assignee or assignees under such clerk of thp peace, town jelerk, or other officer affiqg as clerk of the peace, as the estate pr effects of such prisoner or prifonprs, than what foall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the balance of such account, when truly stated.

LX 11. And whereas many persons are often committed on attach merits for contempts, for not paying money awarded to be paid under

Wheye mutual credit has been given, the balance to be It a red and allowed.

Person committed for not paying money

swiivietl uq fubmij/ions to arbitrators by rules of o, r unfar fubmijfios ty

i '

177&] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 38- 249

arbitration bonds, and which fubmiffitns have been made rules of courts der fubmif in pursuance of an ay passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign taarbi of William the Thirds for determining differences by arbitration; tratlon > and liieujije for not paying of cojls duly and regularly taxed and and for not allowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that paying cotts, purpose; and also upon any writ 0/excommunicato Capiendo, or other process fory or grounded on, the nonpayment of cojls or expenses in any cause or proceeding in any eulefajlical court, or for any con tempt to such court, it is hereby declared and enacted, That all are entitled to such persons are and shall be entitled to the benefit of this act, the benefit of on being subject to the same terms and conditions as are herein th “expressed and declared with respect to prisoners for debt only.

LXIII And whereas great numbers of poor people hove been and are now imprisoned for debt, upon proceffey issuing out of courts f/*prisoners up conscience; it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such prion proccf* P" foners shall be entitled to have the benefit of this act, and be out of courts discharged under the same, provided hef (he, or they, conform of conference, to the directions herein before prescribed, touching other pri {^^cfivofuii* foners wjio shall be dischargedby virtue of this act. an

LXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That in all cases wherein by this act an oath is required, the Quaker's af solemn affirmation of any person, being a quaker, shall and may firmation to be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every person make j?c taisen m ing such affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false aa affirming, shall incar and suffer such and the same penalties as are infilled and imposed by this act upon persons convicted of y wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no person who ^iall have taken the Persons who benefit of any act heretofore passed for the relief of insolvent have taken the debtors, within the space of eight years last past, shall have or ot receive any benefit or advantage of or under this act, nor deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, so as to years, ex be discharged under the same; any thine herein before contain eluded trooi ed to the contrary notwithstanding; unless such person shall be this act : willing to serve, and shall ^ftually enter himself to serve, on Exception, board some one of his majesty’s ships of war, for the term of iieven years, or shall enlist as a soldier in some of his Majesty's land forces.

LXVI And be it further enacted. That when any prisoner, vpho may have taken the benefit of*any insolvent aft within the Prisoners who fpzqt of eight years last past, shall under this act apply for his have taken discharge, every such prisoner shall produce to the court (to a^dftiau'a^ which he shall make application for such discharge) a certificate pjy in writing, (igned by an officer properly authored to engage or charge under enlist men for his Majesty's sea or land service [as the case may be, ] this act, to setting forth that he was on the day of * rour^rcer^

| insert the date] engaged or enlisted [as the cafi may be] to serve tificate, frgned as a mariner or soldier in his majesty’s sea or land service, by a proper which certificate shall be attested by one or more credible wit officer fet nfs or witnesses; and in case such certificate shall not be pro l>ng forth that

s4 duced, they ate, n‘

*5°

lifted to serve Ins Majesty, Ac.

This act not to extend to Scotland.

Clause of relief for bankrupts, who hive not obtained certificate! and discharge of their debts.

Anno decimo sexto (jeorgii III c.38. [1776.

duccd, or shall not be property authenticated In manner aforesaid, to the satisfaction of the justices before whdiln atiy (tach prisoner shall be brought’, he mall be remanded back to the prison from whence he came, there to remain till he shall hm fully complied with the directions aforesaid, or shall by Other legal means‘fooner obtain his discharge. ^

LXVII Provided also, and it is hereby Cnafled, That notwflt in this act contained shall extend to that part of xsrtat Brhdm called Scotland.

LX VIII Jnd whereas bankrupts who have not obtained their certificates and discharge of their debts, under same one of the ofrs relating to bankrupts, have not been deemed to be within the meaning ef efts 0] insolvency, as such bankrupts have no schedules to deliver up according to the terms and conditions of such acts nevertbiless, ds many bankrupts are confined in prifion for debt only, though they have already delivered up their Whole ejlatcs and effects, or, from a fear Of being arrrfied and thrown into prtfoti, are frequently induced to nbfeotri from their homes, and go into joreign parts: be it further enadtal by the authority aforesaid, That such perfbn or persons, against whom a commission of bankruptcy hath been awarded and issued, on or before the twenty second day of January, one thpu sand seven hundred and fevetity six, or who shall have been really an actual prisoner or prisoners, in the custody of any gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prison refpeftivdy, on or before the twenty second day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and against Whbm & commission of bankruptcy shall have since been awarded and issued, and who hath or have duly conformed, or shall duly conform, him, her, or themselves, to the several acts of parliament relating to bankrupts, and hath not or have not been committed to any prison by a warrant of the commissioners in such commission named, far contumacy or noncompliance to those laws, and who ncw is cr are in prison for debt, damages, contempt, costs of fuir, or any sum or sums of money due and accrued previous to such commission, or who now are fecrering themselves in fear of their creditors; and shall be hereafter sued, arrested, or held to bail, or shall surrender him, her, or themselves, or be surrendered, in discharge of his, her, or their bail, or taken in execution in any suit or action for any such debt or debts as aforesaid, shall and may apply to any one of the judges of the Court wherein such process or proctfles hath or have issued, to summon his, her, or their plaintiff or plaintiffs, to (hew cause why such bankrupt or bankrupts should not be discharged from his, her, or their imprisonment, orarreft as aforesaid, such bankrupt or bankrupts first making oath before such judge, (or if at a distance from such judge, then before a Justice of the peace) who is hereby authorised to administer such oath, that such debt or debts did accrue previous to the issuing such commission;; such plaintiff or plaintiffs not appearing, or not proving that such bankrupt or bankrupts hath or have concealed any part of his, her, cr their estare, or effects, or hath or have not duly conformed him, her? dr themselves, to the

i j.] Anho ijeclfnt> fekto geordii 111. C $5*

tew* stow ki tiro*kgtinft bankrupts, such judge shall and may

discharge such bankrupt dr bankrupts from filch imprisonment or arrest as aforesaid j such bankrupt or bankrupts, caqfing t common appearance to be entered for htm* her, or then&fwhert ncceflkry, in every such suit or action; and if any such bankrupt or bankrupts shall be afterwards again (bed and fcrrested, ot taken in execution, or frftprisoned, in any suit or action for such debt or debts, previous to such cocnmiffion as aforesaid, any judge of the court wherein such process issued shall, upon fium tnons of the proper party or parties, immediately discharge such bankrupt or bankrupts from such arrest or itaprhonment j never thtlefs such bankrupt or bankrupts shall, in all other respects, be deemed subject to the laws in force against bankrupts; and every sheriff and fherifft, bailiff and officer, gaoler and keeper of « prifbft, it and are hereby required, on proper notice being given of such judge’s discharge, to release and fet free such bankrupt or bankrupts Out of his or their custody, and each and every of ibem is and are hereby indemnified from any action or actions may bfe brought commeneed, or prosecuted against him or them, for any escape for or On account thereof.

LXIX And tubtrtas many bankrupts, having in au rcfpecls ftrt&fi conformed themfehes to the directions of the bankrupt lotus have, noiunthstanding, * been unable to obtain their certificates, and have on that account, bten discours aged from exerting their indujlry in the pursuit of their fiveral occupations \ either living in the most unhappy and diftreffid fitaation at home, or fieking relief in foreign countries, where they can earn and ficure to themfehes the profit of an industrious application to bufinefi $ some of whom have carried with them the arts, manufactures, and commerce of this country, to the great prejudice thereof: and whereas some relief given in such parti cular cases, might prevent the evils arising to the public, and be an encouragement for such individuals to follow their different occupations at born; be it enacted, That any person or persons against Whom Clause with a commission of bankruptcy hath been awarded and issued, on respect to or before the twenty second day of January, one thousand seven whohijccon hundred and seventy six, and who hath or have in all things formed them confbrined to the Several acts now in force concerning bank felvestothe rupts, by his, her, or their surrender and submission thereto, bankrupt and who shall not have been committed for any act of contu laws; toacy or nonconformity, yet who hath not or have not gained a total discharge from his, her, or their creditors, of his, her, or their debts, arising or accruing previous ro such commission, for want of their certificate, shall have liberty, after the expiration of twelve calendar months from the day of the date of every such commission respectively, to petition or to apply, by motion of court, to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners for the time being, setting forth the true circumstance of the case relative to such commission and certificate; and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners as aforesaid, shall have power and authority to direct and order the acting

«5< Anno decimo Fcxto Georgii III C 38. [1776.

commissioners in the respective commissions named, to certify to the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners, the conformity or nonconformity of such bankrupt or bankrupts, and such other matter as to them shall seem necessary concerning the same (the laid acting commissioners being hereby author Lord chan rifed and required foto do;) and the lord chancellor, lord cellor, See. keeper, or lords commissioners. as aforesaid, shall thereupon auowfoch 10 k*vc Power an authority, if he or they shall fb think fit, to bankrupts diredf and order an advertisement to be inserted in the Leaden certificates, Gazetn, for the allowance of such bankrupt’s certificate, al although not though the same shall not appear to have been signed or con four fifths of ente to by four-fifths in number and value of the said bank their credi rupt’s creditors, agreeable to the laws now in being,) in the tonne. same manner and form as if the said certificate had been signed

as aforesaid * in case no sufficient cause shall be (hewn to the contrary within the time limited by the said advertisement, the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners as aforesaid, shall have power and authority to allow such bankrupt's certificate, in the like manner as if the same had been signed agreeable to the laws now in being, and grant or make such other order thereupon, for the relief and discharge of (tich bankrupt or bankrupts from his, her, or their debts as aforesaid, or otherwise, as to the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners, shall (eem proper; which certificate, if so allowed, shall be as full and effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been duly obtained and allowed agreeable to the directions of the several laws now in force concerning bankrupts; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX And whereas the case Thomas Touchet, late man chester, merchant, and now a prisoner in the king’s Bench, is attended with very particular, and that the said

Thomas Touchet is lunatic; be it therefore enacted by the Clause in fa .authority aforesaid. That although the sum due and owing by vour®f T the said Thomas Touchet to one creditor does exceed the sum of merchant. *** one tbou^and pounds, and notwithstanding his said lunacy, he the said Thomas Touchet shall be entitled to all the benefits of this ' act, in all respects whatsoever, as if the said Thomas Touchet had not owed more than one thousand pounds to one person, and, was not lunatic, anything in this ait to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all acts done or consented to by the committee of his estate and effects shall foe good and valid to all intents and purposes, as if the same were done and consented to by the said Thomas Touchet himself.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 39; £53

CAP. XXXIX

An act for repealing a elaufe in an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the general Jaws now m being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes 5 which relates to the counterfeiting of the tyre of the wheels of all wagons, wains, and other carriages, to be used dn turnpike roads; and for explaining a provision in the said act, with respect to the fellies and tyre of carriages having the fellies of the wheels of the ^

gauge of six inches or upwards.

**

WHEREAS by a elaufe in an act of parliament, made in the Preamble.

thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled. An A elause, in act to explain, amend and reduce into one act of parliament. Aft 13 Geo. 3. the general laws now in being foj regulating the turnpike roads rcc*ted, in that part of (Jreat Britain called England, and for other purposes 5) it is enabled. That the tyre of the wheel of all waggonsy wains, carts, and other carriages, to be used on any turnpike road,

Shall be counter sunk, by placing the same upon the fellies in such manner that the nails Shall not rise above the furjace, and that the foie or surface of the wheels Shall be quite flat 5 and that the owner of every carriage offending therein Shall forfeit the sum of forty Jbillings; and every driver, not being the owner, the sum of twenty Jbillings, for every offence; which proviflons are attended with great inconvenience; be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That the said elaufe shall be, and and repealed, the same is hereby repealed.

II And whereas by the said act it is provided, That no person or persons Shall be allowed to take the benefit of certain exceptions in the said act mentioned, or have the power of compounding for tolls, in respect of carriages having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gauge of six inches, or upwards, unless the fellies, and the tyre upon such fellies, Shall lie flat: and whereas doubts may arise concerning the confiruftion of the said provision, which, according to thejlrift sense f the words, cannot be complied with: to the end therefore that .all persons who jha\l endeavour to comply with the said provifms may receive the benefit of such exemptions and compositions \ it further enacted A provision in by the authority aforesaid. That all wheels of the breadth or the said act, gauge of six inches, or upwards, the fellies or tyre whereof (hal jy{£# pot deviate more than one inch from a fiat surface, shall be tyre of car deemed and taken to be fiat, according to the true intent and riages, C meaning of the said act. explained.

*54* Anno decimo sexto Georgii III c.40. [1776.

CAP. XL

An act for obliging the overseers of the poor, within the severed parishes and places within that part of Great Britain carii England, to make returns, upon oath, to certain qu(/lions, fpecifed in the act, relative to the Jflate of their poor * and to authonfo end require the justices of the peace, within their rejpeftive dsvifm and jurisdictions, in the several counties and cities in England and Wales, to take such returns upon oath, and to cause them to bt trartfmitted to the clerk of the parliaments.

Preamble. THERE AS the great and encreajing expense of maintain V V ing and providing for the poor, within that part of Great Britain called England, and the continual diflrejtes of the poor notwithstanding, make it highly expedient for the Ugijlatvre to 'take that great Jubjeft into their most serious consideration: and whereas information of the Jlate of the poor, and the nature of those expenses, way he necessary to he procured in order to enable the two houses of parliament to judge of proper remedies to redress those grievances; but it is apprehended such injormation cannot be ejfeftually obtained without the aid and authority of parliament; may it therefore pteafe vdur ma jefty that it may be eniacted; and be it enacted by tne King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confatt of the loids spiritual and temporal, and'commons, in this prvfcm " Printed co parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That

pies of this a sufficient number of printed copies of this act shall, as soon as

transmitted conveniently may be after the passing hereof, be tranftmtred, by

by George * George White esquire, one of the clerks of the house of cotn

Wbiteesquire, mons, to the'clerks of the peace and town clerks of the several to the clerk and respective counties, ridings, divisions, precindis, fokes, franco Liberties, cities, and counties corporate, m England and

landed Wales; and that the said several clerks of the peace and town Wales, to be clerks shall, and they are hereby required, with all convenient diltnbuted speed, to cause the said act to be diftribated amongst the adtirig

fsices tx justices of the peace within their respective limits; aridalfbto

* t * cause a sufficient number of the fchednle to this act annexed, to

be printed and ddivered to the high constables, or other proper officers within their respective limits, at the Aftdfummer quarter session of the peace in one thousand fevfen hundred and evertty retums made six; and also to receive the answers and returns made by over by overseers ^ers f the pr Puffuant to the directions tierein after given, mitted'to the an tran^mit the ^ame t0 the of the parliaments with all clerk of the convenient speed, in order that the same may be tnfpe^ed by parliaments, the members of both hoqfes of parliament, upon pain of forfeiting, for every neglect and default, a fom Ml exceeding five pounds, nor less than twenty (billings.

Justice?, be II And be it further enacted. That the several justices of the tween the peace, within their refpedhvc jurffdidlions in England and Wales, fdhon andp hall, as as conveniently may be after the Midsummer fef cet. xo, 1776 on one ^oufand seven hundred and seventy six, appoint a to appoint a * time and place or times and places, which time or times shall

1776.] Anno decimo sexto georgii III c.40. 2^55

be on or before the twentieth day of q8obn<> one thousand seven meeting, and hundred and seventy six, for the overseers of the poor of the gw« notice several parities, townships, ?m.d.. places, within their respective jurisdictions, to attend them at such meeting or meetings for the them CC purposes of this a ft, with returns and answers to the questions % in the schedule to this act annexed, and cause notice thereof to be given to such overseers respectively, nd also to the high constables, or where there are no high constables, to such other proper officers who have the execution of precepts from justices of the peace to inferior officers within such respective jurisdictions requiring their attendances at such meetings for the purposes of this act.

III And be it further enacted. That the said justices of the Overseers to peace shall, and they are hereby also required, at such meeting gbe in an or meetings, foto be appointed by them as aforesaid, to receive r and rt and take the answers and returns to be made by the overseers of able togand the poor pursuant to. the directions aforesaid, and then and there to take the administer to them respectively the oath contained in the said oath contain schedule; and such justices, if they see cause, may examine such overseers upon oath, touching any of the matters contained inlc u 9 such questions and answers, and call for the accounts of the overseers of the poor for the preceding year, if they shall see fit,

in order to explain and verify the said accounts as shall be then made; and the said justices shall then deliver such answers and Joftkei to dereturns to the respective high constables or other proper officers vcr the anas aforesaid, in order that the same may be by them tranfraitted to the clerks of the peace or town clerks, as herein is directed. constables.

IV And be it further enacted, That the high constables, or he duty of other proper officers fodescribed as aforesaid, within the refpecr high confta tive jurifidiftions aforesaid, shall, at the Midsummer quarter fef Wes in put fions in one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, pursuant f, n*thl® ?ft to the directions aforesaid, receive from the said clerks of the**1**®011*1014* peace, or town clerks, the said printed schedules, and deliver, or

cause to be delivered, one such schedule to one of the overseers of the poor of every parish, town(hip, or place, as well within to%yns corporate as without, within their respective limits; and, when required by the respective justices of the peace a9 aforesaid, attend the said respective meetings, and then and there receive the several answers and returns made by the overseers of the poor, and endorse upon the back of each of them the name of the hundred, rape, wapentake, lathe, precinct, soke, franchise, liberty, city, or county corporate, wherein the parish, township, or place, therein mentioned, is situate, and tranfinit the same, together with a true and perfect list of the names of the overseers of the poor of every parish, township, and place, to whom such schedules had been delivered as aforesaid, to the several clerks of the peace, and town clerks, at the then next michael mas quarter sessions of the peace, or the adjournment thereof, which adjournment the justices at such quarter sessions are required to make to same convenient day, within one week after the said twentieth day of Qftober% in cases where such returns

shall

2 56

Penalty for neglect thereof.

Overseers to attend the justices at meetings, and deliver in writing, true answers and returns, ' C

Overfcers im pdwered to take copies of accounts of preceding overseers. Penalty on persons refuting to deliver such accounts.

Fees to be allowed for each return:

To the clerk of the peace, % s. 6d.

High con (table, i s. 6d. Overseers, as.

Justices clerks, i s.

Penalties and forfeitures, how to be recove i sd and applied.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III 0: 40. [1776.

shall not he made at the said Michaelmas quarter sessions, upon pain of forfeiting, for every default or neglect in the matters aforesaid, a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings.

V And be it further enacted, That the overseers of the poor of every such parhh, township, and place, shall, and are hereby required to attend the justices of the peace at such meeting or meetings, and then and there deliver to the said justices, in writing signed by them, a just .and true answer, and return to the said questions, upon oath, as before directed; and that every overseer making default in any of the matters hereby required, shall, for every such neglect or default, forfeit a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty (billings, at the discretion of the justice or justices before whom complaint thereof shall be made: and in order to enable the said overseers to make answers and returns as aforesaid, they are hereby authorised and empowered to call for, inspect, and take copies of, the accounts of the pre ceding overseers, or so much thereof as shall be neceftary; and every person or persons, in whose custody or power every such accounts shall be, shall and are hereby required to produce and deliver such accounts to the said overseers, for the purposes aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting, for every default or neglect in the premifps, a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty (billings, at the discretion of the justice or justices before whom complaint theraaf shall be made

VL And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed, for the trouble and expenses of the several persons employed in the transactions aforesaid, for every return which shall be so made and transmitted to the clerks of the peace and'town clerks respectively, pursuant to the directions aforesaid, the Turns following, and no more; videlicet, to the clerk of the peace or town clerk, for the return which shall be made from every such parish, townftiip, and place, the sum of two (billings and six

Knceto the high canstable, or other proper officer, for the; e, the sum of one shilling and (ixpence: to the overseers of the poor, for the like, the sum of two (billings: : the clerks of the justices of the peace, for the like, the sum of one filling: and that the justices of the peace, at their respective quarter session, which (halt be held next after Michaelmas, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall, and are hereby required to make an order upon their respective treasurers to pay the same out of the rates to be made and collected for the respective counties, ridings, divisions, precinets, fokes, franchises, liberties, cities, and counties corporate.

Vll. And be it further enacted, That the several forfeitures and penalties inflicted by this act shall, if not immediately paid, be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell, rendering to the said offender the overplus, if any, after the charge of such distress and fal? ftudl be deducted $ and in case Q fu

V

l.00q le

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 40.' 257

sufficient distress (hallnot be found, then it shall hie lawful for such justice to commit such offender to the common goal, there to remain, without bail or mainpriz^ for a term not exceeding twelve calendar months, unless the said forfeiture and charges shall be sooner paid; and the said forfeitures when recovered shall be paid and applied, one half to the informer, and the other half to the said relpecftive treafurcrs in aid of the rates'aforesaid; and any person shall be deemed a competent witness for the execution of any of the purposes of this act, notwithstanding his paying, or being liable to pay, to such county rates.

S C H E D U L E;

QUESTIONS, to which, by direction of an ar, faffed in the ftxuentb year of h is majesty King George the Third, entitled, An at for obliging the overseers of the poor, within theseveral parifhesand places. within that part of Great Britain called England, to make returns, upon oath, to certain questions, fpecitied in the a, relative to the state of their poor; and to au -- thorize and require the justices of the peace, within their respective divisions, and jurisdictions, in the several counties and cities in England and Wales, to take such returns upon oath, and to cause them to be transmitted to the clerk of the parliaments; Answers are to be returned by the overseers of the poor of every parijb, townjbip, and place, in writing, upon oath, and signed by them; for which purpose the said overseers.. to attend the jujiices of the peace, within their refperive jurifdirions, at such times and places as they Shall appoint, on pain of forfeiting, for every default or negler, a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less.. forty billings.

ANSWERS returned to thofo questions, by the overseers of the poor of the parijb. [townjbip, or extra parochial place, as the case may be] of

in the county [riding, division, cas the case may bej of the day of

one thousand seven hundred and seventy six.

L WHAT

aiuro decfaiq sexto Geomu HI. C 40. [ 177$.

I. hat wm the V VV mount of the assessments

for the relief of the poor, in the year ending at Eqfttr, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six?

II How much of those aflelt menta was applied for the relief or on account of the poor, and how much for the payment of county rates, or any other purposes; diftin gui(hing a 1 so the amount of what paid for the rent of workhouses, or paid or allowed for habitations for the poor; and, if any of the poor reside in houses built at the expense of the parish, township, or place, ftatc the total annual value of such houses i

HI. What number of poor have received constant relief during that year, and what has been the expense thereof, as near as the same can be estimated??

Is there a workhouse in your parish? if so, what number of poor will it accommodate?

THE a&flman* for the relief of th poor, in the year ending at Eefltr, one thousand seven hundred and seventy fut, amounted to £.

There was applied of the money collected under those afleftqents, on account of the poor only,

Ditto for the payment of county rates, or other purposes, the sum of £.

Out of which money applied on account of the poor, there was paid for rent of workhouses, the sum of £.

Out of ditto there was paid or applied for habitations for the poor, the sum of £.

The annual value of houses occupied by poor persons, which are the property of the inhabitants of the said parish, ftownlhip, r extra parochial place] amounts to £.

The number of poor, who received constant relief in that year, was

The expense of maintaining them, as near as the same can tie estimated, amounted to £.

There is a workhouse, which ' will accommodate about persons.

V What

1776.] Anno decimo iexto Georgii III C 41.

V What was expended in litigations about settlements, removals appeals, or other disputes concerning the poor, within that year; drilin guifhing how much of such expenses arofc from disputes with parishes, townships, or places, not within the county, riding, division, precinct, soke, franchise, liberty, city, or county corporate, wherein such paristi, town ship, or place lay?

There was expended in litigations, about settlements, removals, and other disputes concerning the poor, within that year, as near as the same can be estimated, the Aim of £.

Of which there was expended in disputes with parishes, townships, or places, not within the county, riding, division, soke, franchise, liberty, city, or county corporate, wherein such lay,

the sum of £.

Form of the Oath.

\7 O U hall fxotar, That the answer and return now made by you I to the several questions contained in the fthedule thereunto annexed, is a full and true answer to the said quefiions, to the hest cf your knowledge and belief.

*59

CAP. XLI

An oft for granting a bounty-upon flax feed', tie growth of the United Provinces, or of the Aufhian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, wa limited time.

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament, made in the fifteenth Preamble, year of his Majestys reign, entitled, An a<sl for allowing A 15 Gto. y the clothing and accoutrements necessary for his majcay’s recited, foroes, paid out of his majesty’s revenues arising in the kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the places where such forces are ordered to serve, *, for granting a bounty upon flax seed imported into Ireland, for a limited time,) reciting, That, by virtue of an act of parliament, made in Ireland; the third year of his Majefifs reign, a premium or bounty of five billings per hog/head is allowed and paid out of the revenue of that kingdom upon the imputation of flax Jeed, which bounty was not, at that time, Jufficient to answer the good ptirpofes intended thereby, and it was expedient that same further encouragement Should be given for. a limited time, to induce the importation of flax seed into Ireland, in order to promote and encourage the linen rrumu/aftures of that kingdom; it is thertfore, ornogft other things, enacted by the aid recited act, That, from and after the first day of January, one thousandfeven hundred and fevenly six, for and during the/pace of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next session o f parliament, a further bounty of five f illings per bogjhead Shall be allowed for all flax seed imported into the kingdom of Ireland; and that it ball and may be lawful for the ammijfeioners of his Majesty's customs in England, or any four or Vol. XXXI T more

q Anno dcdmo sexto Georgii III c.41. [1776.

more of them, to order the aid bounty thereby granted, ft fc paid by the receiver-general of the customs out of any money in bit hands arising by ary of the duties or revenues under their management, to the importer or importers of such flax seed or to bis or their assigns dsdy author if d to receive the same upon bis or their producing a certificate under the band and seal of office of the colie ft or and comptroller of the customs at the port in Ireland, where such flax seed was imported and landed certifying the number of bogjbeads so landed with the name of the Jbip and master in which and the place from whence, and by whom and at what time the same was imported and that the bounty gt anted by the before mentioned att of parliament, made in Ireland, Recital of an had been paid and allowed for the same: and whereas by an act of aa of the parliament, made in Ireland in the fixteentb year of bis Majefys freland*" 6 °* rei entitled An at to amend an act, pa fled in the third year Geo. 3/ * f his majesty’s reign, (entitled. An at for the continuing the encouragement given by former acts of parliament to the flaxen and hempen manufactures) a bounty of five/hillings per hog/bead is allow ed* and paid out of the revenue of that kingdom, upon the importation of fax seed of the growth of the United Provinces, or of the Austrian Netherlands, from the first day of January, one tboufani seven hundred and seventy jix, until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and jeventy eight Jubjeft to the several clauses regulations and rejlriftions* contained in the said act of parhameut, made in Ireland, in the third year of his Majeftfs reign concerning the bounties therein given and provided: and whereas in order to entourage and promote the linen manufactures in Ireland, it is deemed expedient in like manner to extend the bounty granted by the find recited act of parliament made in this kingdom in the fifteen'byear of his Majeftfs reign to all flax seed of the growth of the said United Provinces, and of the Austrian Netherlands, imported from thence into Ireland; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may te enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent tnajefty, by and with the advice apd content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem a bounty of bled, and by the authority of the same. That a bounty of five t s. per bog (billings per hogshead shall be allowed, for ail flax seed, of the flax - seed of growth of the said United Provinces, or of the Austrian nether the growth of lands which hath been, or (hail be, imported from thence into the United the kingdom of Ireland from and after the said first day of Provinces C January oner thousand seven hundred and seventy six, for and irebmdtatier° during the Pace of two years, and from thence to the end of the ia, 1., 9 tjj6, then next session of. parliament; and it shall and may be lawful for two for the commissioners of his majesty’s customs in England or

hari any four or more of them, to order the said bounty, granted by

this act, to be paid by the receiver-general of the customs out of any money in his hands, arising by any of the duties or revenues under their management, to the importer or importers of such flax seed, or to hi or their assigns, duly authorised to receive the same, upon his or their producing a certificate under the hands and seal of office, of the collector and comptroller of the customs at the port in Ireland, where such flax seed was imported

)i( » by foozle

1776.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 42.

CD and landed, certifying the number of hogsheads so landed, with the name of the hip and matter in which, and the place from whence, and by whom, and at what time, the same was imported, and that the bounty granted by the before mentioned act of parliament, made in Ireland, in the fifteenth year of his majesty’s reign, had been paid and allowed for the same.

CAP. XLII

An all for allowing com grain and flour, imported into the port of Preston, to be landed without payment of the duties, under the like reflriftiom as corn, grain and flour is allowed to be landed at the several ports mentioned in an a If, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty entitled, An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the thirteenth year of ^^>ream^e# reign of his present Majesty (entitled An act to regulate aa i*gc0, the importation and exportation of corn) it is enabled That in rccuca# case any wheat or wheat flour, rye, peas beans, barley beer bigg* or oats shall be imported into any or either of the ports in the said all particularly mentioned, at any time when the duties not repealed by the said all Shall be due and payable for such species of corn, grain or flour refpeftivefy; the same, upon due entry thereof may be forthwith Undid from on board the slip or veffeu in which such species of corn grain or flour Shall be so imported in the presence of the proper officer or officers of the customs without payment of the said duties, under certain reflriftions and regulations, in the said act mentioned and pre.

Jcribed: and whereas it is expedient that corny grain y and flour, imported into the port of Preston at any time when the duties not repealed by the said act Shall be due and payable for such species of corn, grain or flour respectively, Should in like manrter be landed without payment of the said duties; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That in The said ab case any wheat or wheat flour, rye, peas, beans, barley, beer, extended bigg, or oats, shall be imported into the said port of Preston at with

any time when the duties not repealed by the said act shall be respect to due and payable for such species of corn, grain, or flour refpec p rung lively; the same, upon due entry thereof, may be forthwith heat rye landed from on board the ship or vessel in which such species of com, grain, or flour, shall be so imported, in the presence of the

Eroper officer or officers of the customs, without payment of the tid duties; and such corn, grain, and flour, shall be subject and liable to be warehoused, and to be delivered in the same manner, and under and subject to the like securities, conditions, regulations, and restrictions, as corn, grain, and flour, imported into any or either of the several ports mentioned in the said act are subject and liable to, as fully and effectually to all intents tffl) purpofo. a? if the said port of Preston had been included m

T 2 the

*

262 Anno ddcimo sexto Georgii III C 43. £1 fy6.

the fald act; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof ih anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIII

An act to authorise, for a limited time, the punishment by hard labour of offenders who, for certain crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's colonies and plantations.

Preamble. \\7 H E R E A S the transportation of convicts to his Majestyo VV colonies and plantations in America, now in use within that s part of Great Britain called England, by virtue of the several statutes autkorifwg such transportation, is found to be attended with various inconveniences, particularly by depriving this kingdom of many * subjects whose labour might be useful to the community, and who, by proper care and com ft ion, might be reclaimed from their evil courses: : whereas, until some other more effectual provisions, in the place of transportation to his Majejlfs Colonies and plantations in America, can be framed, such convicts, being males, might be employed with benefit to the public in raising sand, soil, and gravel from, and cleansing the river Thames; or being males unfit for so severe a labour, or being females, might be kept to hard labour of another kind within England; be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia any male, ment assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from convicted in and after the passing of this act, where any male person shall, at England of. any fefl]on Gf qycr an(j terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any punifliawe by quarter or other general session of the peace, for any county transportation riding, division, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, within to America, that part of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convicted may, instead cf grantj or petit Jarceny, or any other crime for which he shall kepvtvhard be liable by law to a sentence of transportation to any of his labour in majesty’s colonies or plantations in America, it shall and may be cleansing the lawful for the court before whom any such person shall be so river Thames, convj£ed9 or any court held for the same place with like autho term^ouefs r, ty> court fhril think fit, in the place of such punishment

than three by transportation, to order and adjudge that such person shall be nor more than punished by being kept to hard labour in the railing sand, soil, ten years. an(j gravel from, and cleansing the river Thames, or any other service for the benefit of the navigation of the said river, under the management and direction of an overseer or overseers, to be * appointed by die justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, at their quarter or other general sessions of the peace, for the same term of years as the transportation for the fatd offence might by law have been adjudged, or for such (hortcr term as such court shall think fit to order and adjudge; provided that the same shall in no case be less than three years, or more thaw ten years.

incarehisma Jl. And be it further enacted, That where any male person 5tcndh°uldecx' at any kon yer anc ten™neri or delivery, or at to^nymalc ^ wy quarter or other general session of the peace for any county

riding

1776.3 Anno decimo sexto Georg 11 III C 43. 2 63

riding, division, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, within coimfled of that part of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convicted ay *fjr of any robbery, or other felony, for which he shall by law ^eablecto(liffer liable to suffer death without benefit of clergy, afid his majesty(jeat^> t^c shall be graciously pleased to extend the royal mercy to any such judge’may or oflfender, upon condition of being kept to hard labour for thedcrthe°ffcn term of ten years, or any other (horter time to be specified, injohasdta/ cj** the custody of such overleer or overseers as aforesaid $ such for the intention of mercy shall be notified in writing by one of his time specified majesty’s principal secretaries of date to the judge or justice of bylhe *[*** oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, in any county, city, or**170*” *1** place, before whom any such offender shall be convicted or condemned, it shall and may be lawful for every such judge or justice of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, to make an order for allowing forthwith to every such offender the benefit of a conditional pardon, in the same manner as if there was a pardon.

under the great seal $ and may and shall adjudge, that every such offender shall be ktpt to hard labour, in the custody of such overseer or overseers as aforesaid, for the time specified in though notification from such secretary of (late.

III And be it further enacted. That when any offender shall When any of be ordered to be kept to hard labour, in manner aforesaid, or as f«der iball be herein after is directed, the clerk of the assize, clerk of thehldubour peace, or other clerk of the court by which such order shall be the clerk of made, shall give to the sheriff, or gaoler, having the custody of the assize, C such offender, a certificate in writing, under his hand, contain (hail give a ing an account of the christian name, surname, and age of such ^{heriff or offender; of his offence, of the court before whom he was con gaoler, vied, and of the term for which he shall be so ordered to hard

labour; and the sheriff, or gaoler, having the custody of such offender, shall, with all convenient speed, after the making of any such order, and receiving of such certificate, convey such offender, or cause him to be conveyed to such place within England; and also deliver such offender, or cause him to be deliver who shall defied, together with the said certificate to such overseer or overseers ver luchoffen as aforesaid $ the overseer or overseers, to whom any such” ^£” the offender shall be so delivered, shall give a proper receipt in writ overseer, C ing under his or their hand or hands, which shall be a sufficient discharge to the sheriff, or gaoler, so delivering such offender.

IV And be it further enacted. That all expenses incurred Expencei in by any sheriff or gaoler, in the conveyance of any such offender curred, n co” r as aforesaid, shall be paid by the county, riding, division, city, fcnder^to^" liberty, borough, town; or place, for which the court, ordering pajd by the such punishment by hard labour instead of transportation to county, America, shall be held; and the sheriff or gaoler, shall receive

the money due for such expenses from the treasurer for such county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, by order of the justices of the peace, at their quarterly, or other general feftibn, who are hereby required to make such order accordingly.

V Ana be it further enabled That, after delivery of any such

264 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III c.43. [1776.

Overseer to such offender, as aforesaid, into the custody to which he fhaji have thr same be adjudged, the overseer or overseers, who shall have the pffwcd°vc*r cuftocty such offender, shall, during the term for which he

his^cuftody^as foal he ordered to hard labour, have the same powers over such

a (henffor offender a are incident to the office of a sheriff or gaoler; and

gaoler. in cale of any abuse of the custody, or other miibehaviour in

discharge of his office, shall be liable to the same punishment as Offender! to a gaoler; and alio shall, during such term as aforesaid, keep be kept to such offender to hard labour, either in raising sand, soil, and hwailt^fand rave romane cleansing the Thames, or in any other laborious nnctgraver service for the benefit of the navigation of the Thames, but at from the Thames, C

lhjp>, C

'Offenders to he fed with

’water or iinali beer.

ino person to tfupplv them

such places only, and subject to such directions, limitations, and reftridlions, as the master, wardens, and assistants, of the Trinity * h)ffe shall from time to time preferibe.

(Offenders rot VI Provided nevertheless. That such offenders shall, in np to be employ cafc> be employed in delivering tonnage of ballast to matters and ineballaffto commanc^ers of ships, but only in digging, raising, and taking millers of op the gravel, sand, and soil, from the (helves ancf sand banks of the said river of Thames, and in discharging the same upon the (libre, above the high water mark, or in some other laborious service for the benefit of the navigation of the Thames.

VII And be it further enabled, That every offender who shall be ordered to hard labour, in the custody of such overseer food^and^ or Overseers as aforesaid, shall, during she tine of such service, 00 * an be fed and sustained with bread, and any coarse or inferior food, and water, or small beer, and also clothed; and such offender shall not, during the term of such service, be permitted to have any other food, drink, or clothing, than such as shall be so allotted to them; and if any person shall supply any such offender, at any time*during the term of his said service, with any food a&c°onr fm or clonthing, other than such as shall be so directed

penalty of40s or permitted, he or she so supplying shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding forty (billings.

Offenders Who VIII And be it further enabled. That if any offender, who ffetufe to shall be so delivered as aforesaid to be kept to hard labour, shall,

«ther^fe during the term of such service, refuse to perform any labour

am(behave authorised by this act, or who shall be guilty of any other mif

themselves, behaviour or disorderly conduct, it shall be lawful for the over

may be whip seer or overseers having the custody of any such offender to order pcd, C such whipping, or other moderate punishment, to be infixed upon him, as may be inflicted by law on persons committed to a house of correction for hard labour.

IX And be it further enacted, That every offender who shall be delivered to be kept to hard labour in manner aforesaid, shall, confinement, at the end of the term of such service, and upon being restored jh^ofmoi** to ^ls liberty, receive from the overseer or overseers, under fiey^kmht's whom he shall have so served, such sum of money not being less tua 40s nor than forty (billings, nor more than five pounds, together with nvort tian such decent clothing, as the co'irt into which iuch returns wi °dcr n he as herein after mentioned, shall appoint: and if

cjo^tuir.g.nt wy fo^ offender, whilst confined to hard labour in manner

afore *

Every offender, at the end of his

*77$*] * Anno decimo sexto Georgii III c.43.

aforesaid, shall, by his induftryand other good behaviour, (hew His Majesty, such signs of reformation, as shall induce the said court to re on good commend him as an object of his majesty’s mercy, and it be thereupon (ignified, by a letter from one of his majesty’s ^vorten principal secretaries of (late to the overseer or overseers as afore the term of laid, that his Majesty thinks fit, in consideration of such good their confine behaviour, to (horten the duration of such offender’s term, suchmcnt* offender shall be accordingly fet at liberty at the rhyme mentioned in such letter; and shall receive a sum of money from his overseer or overseers, together with clothing, in the same manner as if he had served the whole of the term for which he was adjudged to serve.

X And be it further enabled, That where any person shall. Any person, at any feftign of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any convitted of quarter or other general session of the peace for any county, rid - putable by ing, division, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, within that tranfporta part of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convicted of tion, may be grand or petty larceny, or any other crime, for whict\ he or (helent to jomc Shall be liable by law to tfanfportation to any of his majesty’s finjjfk°ntc°n* colonies in America, it shall be lawful for the court, in which within the any such offender shall be so convicted, or any court held for county. See. the same place, and with like authority, if such court shall think j*nd

fit, in the place of such punishment by transportation, to order labo^te and adjudge that such person shall be sent to some proper place not less than of confinement within the said county, riding, division, city, three years liberty, borough, town, or place, to be appointed for that pur nor more tha® pose in manner herein after mentioned, there to be kept to hardten ycari# labour, for such term or number of years as such court shall appoint, not exceeding the term or number of years for which the transportation for the said offence might have been adjudged: provided, That the lame shall in no case be less than three years, or more than ten years.

XI And Jbe it further enacted, That where any person shall, in cafchii

at any section of oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, or at any Majestyfhould quarter, or other general section of the peace, for any county, cxtcnd h, s riding, division, city, liberty, borough, tpwn, or place, within j^rfoh ^ihlty that part of Great Britain called England, be lawfully convicted of any felony of any robbery, or other felony, for which he or she shall by law puniouble by be liable to suffer death without benefit of clergy, and his Ma death, the jefty shall be gracioudy pleased to extend the royal mercy to any jjjj®* the'of such offender, upon condition of being kept to hard labour at fender to be the place of confinement to be appointed for that purpose in kept 10 hard manner herein after mentioned, and such intention of mercy for

shall be notified in writing, by one of his majesty’s principal cjffed™! that secretaries of state, to the judge or justice of oyer and terminer feerctary of or general gaol delivery, in any codnty, city, or place, before itate. whom such offender shall be convidfced or condemned 5 it shall and may be lawful for every such judge or justice of oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, to make an order for allow'' ipg forthwith to every such offender the benefit of a conditional pardon, in the same manner as if there was a conditional par

t4,

2 66

ordered to hard labour, the clerk of aftize, Sec. shall give a certificate to the sheriff or gaoler,

who shall de

Anno decimo sexto Georgii IH. c.43. [1776#

don under the great Teal, and may and shall adjudge that every such offender shall be kept to hard labour for the time fjpecified in the notification from such secretary of date.

When any of XII And be it further enacted, That when any offender shall fendrr shall be be ordered to be kept to hard labour in manner aforesaid, the clerk of assize, clerk of the peace, or other clerk of the court by which such order shall be made, shall give to the sheriff or gaoler, having the custody of such offender, a certificate in writing under his hand, containing an account of the christian name, surname, and age of such offender, of his or her offence, of the court before whom he or she was convicted, and of the term for which he or she shall be ordered to hard labour; and the sheriff liver fach'pri or gaoler shall, with all convenient fnecd after the making of any (oner. See. to such order, .and. receiving of such certificate, convey such offen the keeper of der, or cause him or her to be conveyed, to the proper houfeof Imufeofcor corre(^on> and deliver such offender, or cause him or her to be rection * * delivered, together with the said certificate, into the custody of

who shall give C master or keeper of such house of correction; and the per a receipt for son or persons to whom such offender shall be so delivered, shall the same. give a proper receipt in, writing, under his or their hand or hands, which shall be a sufficient discharge to the sheriff, gaoler, Expenses of pr other person, so delivering any such offender; and all exconveyance to pences incurred by any sheriff or gaoler, in the conveyance' of county C any ender to the house of correction in manner afore"

"shall be paid by the county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, town, or place, for which the court ordering such punishment by hard labour shall be held, in the same manner as is herein before directed in respect to offenders ordered to hard labour in removing sand, soil, and gravel from, and cleanfiog the river Thames.

Justices for XIII And be it further enacted, That the justices of the eveiy county, peace for every county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, ficc. in Eng. town, and place, within that part of Great Britain called eng pare then' ^ndx shall, at the first quarter or other general session of the houses of cor peace, which shall be held next after the palling of this act, take

region fer reception of offenders

and to give

into consideration the state o their respective houses of correction, in order that proper places within the same, or elsewhere, within each respective county, riding, division, city, liberty, borough, towp, and place, may be prepared for the, reception of such offenders as shall be ordered to hard labour therein, by force of this act, and for the purposes aforesaid; and for keep

directions for jng such offenders to, hard labour, and for their employment,

inentsandrn icgulat>on» aru* government, shall give such directions, and

keeping to hard hour.

them make such orders, as such justices shall think most fit and proper, and they are authorised to give or make by the Jaws now in force in respect tp houses of cprredlion, or by any of them: and the keeper of the place of confinement so appointed and prepared shall, in case of any abuse of the custody, or other misbehaviour in difebarge of his office, be liable to the same punishment as a gaoler. 1

XIV And be it further enacted, That if any person (bail

refeue

1776-] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III c.43; 267

refcuc any offender, who by force of this act shall be ordered to Penalty on hard labour, in removing sand, soil, and gravel from, and persons refcu cleansing the river Thames, or in any place of confinement ap ^

by virtue of this act, either in his or her conveyance to labour j

the place appointed for such hard labour, or whilst such offender *

under this act shall be in the custody of the person or persons appointed for that purpose j or if any person shall be aiding or aftifting in any such rescue; every such person shall be liable to the lilce punifnment that is inflicted for breach of prison in cases fif felony: and if any person, not having the achial custody of or aming in any such offender, shall be aiding and afiifting in any escape, or attempt to shall by supplying arms, or instruments of disguise or escape, or ^ptherwife in any manner be aiding and afiifting in the attempt p * to make any such escape, though no fucli escape shall be made, every such person shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; which feid penalty of twenty pounds shall be recoverable in any of his majesty’s courts of record, by any person or persons who shall sue for the same, by bill, plaint, action of debt, information, or otherwise, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed.

XV And be it further enacted, That if any person who shall Penalty on be ordered to hard labour under this act, either in removing °£". send, soil, and gravel from, and cleansing the riverthames, or|ab^r*ho at any place of confinement appointed by virtue of this act, shall, shall escape at any time during the term for which he or she shall be so or from confine dered to hard labour, break prison, or escape from the place of mcnt* ^ his or her confinement, or from the person or persons having

the lawful custody of such offender, he or she so breaking prison or escaping, shall on conviction, for the first escape, be punished by doubling the term of the ferviceand hard labour in which he or lhe was at the time of such escape; and on conviction for a second escape, be adjudged guilty of felony without benefit of clergy, and suffer death accordingly.

XVI And, to the intent that such conviction or convictions may be bad with as little trouble and expense as f>ojfibley be it further enacted, That every offender or offenders, escaping in manner afore Method of feid, may and shall be tried before the justices of afftze, oyer tnal

and terminer, or gaol delivery, for the county, city, or liberty, oft^n^wlor

where he, she, or they, shall be apprehended and taken; and making f

that the clerk of the afftze and clerk of the peace, where such escape?

orders of confinement or hard labour shall respectively be made,

and their fuccefiors for the time being, shall, at the request of

the prosecutor, or any other in his majesty’s behalf, certify a

tranfeript briefly and in few words, containing the effect of every

indictment and conviction of such man or woman, and of the

order made for his or her confinement, or being sent to hard

labour respectively, to the justices of assize, oyer and terminer,

and gaol delivery, where such man or woman shall be indicted

for any such escape from his or her place of confinement or of

hard labour respectively, (not taking, for the same, above the

sum of two (billings and fixpenccj) which certificate being pro

-

268 Anno decimo sexto georgh III c.43. [17 j

duced in court, shall be a sufficient proof that such person of persons have before been convicted and ordered to such place of confinement or hard labour respectively.

XVII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au clerk of af thority aforesaid, That such. clerk of the assize, clerk of the foe See. to be peace, or other clerk of the court, and the sheriff or gaoler, shall paid by the pajj by the treasurer of the county, riding, division, city

the%ounty liberty, borough, town, or place, the like satisfaction as hath

Sec. * been ufualiy paid for the order of transportation of any offender Offenderscon XVIII Provided always, That the offender or offenders fined by virtue which shall be sent to, and shall by virtue of this act, be directed of this act, to t0 be confined in, such places to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be kept separate from, and shall not be permitted or suffered to intermix with, any person or persons confined for any offence under the degree of petit larceny, or other crime not making the person or persons having committed the same, by the laws of this realm, subject to a sentence of transportation.

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the overseers of the several places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this act, shall, from time to time, make

be kept separate, Sec.

Overseers of the places of confinement appointed by this act to

returns, specifying the names of all and every the person or persons who shall be

the names of the persons. See. committed to their custody.

committed to their custody, the offences of snake returns, which they shall have been guilty, the court before which each on oath, of person was convicted, the sentence of the court, the age, bodily state, and behaviour of every such convidt while in custody; and also the names of all and every the person or persons who Shall have died under such custody or shall have escaped from such place of confinement, pr shall have been released from thence by order from one of his majesty’s principal secretaries of state;; and to such returns from the overseers of the convidh to be employed whom, the in laborious service for the benefit of the navigation of the to ** Thames, to be made the first day of every term, to his majesty’s c‘ court of King's Bench at Westminster 5 and from the overseers of

the other places of confinement to be appointed by virtue of this act, to the justices of assize at each assize, and to the justices of the peace at each quarter or other general fe(fions of the peace, for the county, city, riding, division, or place, within which such place of confinement shall be situate; and that every such return shall be verified on the oath of the person making the same; such oath to be made before the court into which such return shall be delivered.

Penalties of XX And be it further enacted. That any pecuniary penalties thi* aft how created by this act, for the recovery of which no mode is herein ^je^ov.^r‘before prescribed, shall be recoverable before two or more £d.3n ***** L justices of the peace, in the county, riding, division, city, liberty, ' borough, town, or place, in which the offence shall be committed,

on proof of the offence, by the 03th or oath of one or more credible wirnefs or witnesses, or on consession of the offender, and shall belong to the informer or informers profccuting for the same; and in case of nonpayment, shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under

the

177^-1 Anno decimo sexto GEOROII III C 44. 469

the hands and Teals of such justices; and the overplus of the money railed, after deducing the penalty, and the expenses of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender shall be sent by Rich justices to the prison of such county, riding, division, city, borough, town, or place, for such term, not exceeding six months, as such justices shall think most proper.

XXL And be it further enabled. That if any suit or action Persons prose; shall be prosecuted against any person or persons for anything c^.tcd under done in purfuancfe of this act, such person or persons may plead ^ tiu'ec the general issue, and give this act, or the special matter, in evi „eral issue * at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by the authority of this act; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action or ao tions after issue joined $ or if on demurrer, or otherwise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like Treble coftf. remedy for the same as any defendants have by law in other cases; and though a verdict shall be given to any plaintiff in any such action or suit as aforefald, such plaintiff shall not have costs against the defendant, unless the judge, before whom the trial fball be, shall certify his approbation of the verdict.

XXII And be it further enacted. That all actions, suits, and Limitation of profanations, to be commenced against the person or persons for

anything done in pursuance of this act, shall be laid and tried in the county, or place, where the was committed, and shall be commenced within six months after the committed, and not otherwise.

XXIII And be it furtker enacted, That this act shall con Continuance] tinue to be in force for two years, and also to the end of the of this act. then session; or if the said term of two years shall not determine

during any session, then till the end of the then next ensuing session of parliament.

CAP. XLIV

An act for suspending, for a limited time, Jo much of an act made in the thirteenth year of his present Majejiys reign, entitled, An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes, as is to fubjtft carriages having the fellies of thi wheels thereof of less breadth or gauge than six inches, to the payment of double tolls \ and for vacating contracts for Uufing tolls.

WHEREAS by an act) made in the thirteenth year of his Preamble.

present Majejiys reign entitled, An act to explain, amend, Geo.3. and reduce into one act of parliament, the general laws now in recited, being for regulating the turnpike roads in that parr of Great Britain called England, and for orher purposes, it is enabled. That, from and after the" twenty-ninth day of September, one tbcufand

seven

io Anno dccitno sexto georgii III c.45. [1776.

jeven hundred and seventy fixs a double toll jhau. be paid for the paffagt through turnpike^gates, of all carriages having the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gauge than six inches from side to side: and whereas great inconveniences would arise if the aid provision Should take ejfeft on the said twenty-ninth day of September; may it therefore please your Msgefty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority *£5 t^le ^ame» That so much of the said ad, as ena&s that the a^fufpended tru^ccs appointed by virtue or under the authority of any a of for two parliament made for repairing or amending turnpike roads, or years. such person or persons as are authorised by them, shall and may and are thereby required to demand and take for every wagon, wain, cart, or carnage, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of lets breadth or gauge than six inches from side to side, at the lead, at the bottom or foie thereof, and for the horses or beads of draught drawing the lame, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, double the tolls or duties which are or shall be payable for the - same respectively, hy any a or a£ks of parliament made for

amending or repairing turnpike roads, before any such wagon, wain, cart, or carriage respectively, shall be permitted to pass through any turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, where tolls shall be payable by virtue of any such acts, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be, suspended until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and: fovea ty eight.

teffees of II Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho r^leafed^t'roin flx^ a^c>rc^a^> That it shall and may be lawful for such trustees, theircontradsathey are hereby required to release all lessees of tolls within at the end of their respective jurifdidions from their rcfpedive contracts, at the current the end of the current year, if such lessees shall desire the ear f^me.

CAP. XLV

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one miilion, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble. Credit of loan granted to bit Majesty for t, 000, 0001 Treasury may raise the same by loans or exchequer bills, in like manner as i prescribed, by the malt ad of this session, concerning loans, See. The clauses, C in the said ad relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended ro the loans, C to be made in pursuance of this act. Principal and interest, with charges, to be paid out of the next supplies, and if none Sufficient be granted before July 5, 1777, then to be paid out of the sinking fund; and the moneys so ifliicd to be replaced out of the first supplies The bank empowered to advance on the said credit of loan, any sums npt exceeding i, ooo4oool.

cap.

177^0 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III 0.46* 47. *7*

CAP. XLVI

An act to enable the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to order and allow, cut of the money ariftng by the coinage duty, a certain sum therein mentioned, for the expense of prosecuting offenders againji the laws relating to the coin, over and above the sum yearly allowed for that purpose,,

by an act, made in the fifteenth' year of the Preamble.

reign of bis majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act 15 Geo. 5. act for the more cffeftual preventing the counterfeiting of the Tecited. current troin of this kingdom, and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit coin,) it is, amongst other things enacted, That the lord high treasurer, or lords commissioners of the treasury for the time being, Jhatt and may order and allow, out of the money ariftng by the coinage duty, such sum of money, for defraying the expenses of prosecuting' offenders againji thhaws relating to the coin, as he or thef ball see fit, provided that the said expenees do not, in any one year exceed the sum of six hundred pounds: and whereas the expenees necessarily incurred in prosecuting such offenders, during the course of the years one thousand [even hundred and seventy-two, one thousand seven hundred and jeventy three, and one thousand even hundred and fevmty four, amounted to the sum of one thousand one hundred and fifty-two pounds and eight pence halfpenny, over and above the sum of six hundred pounds allowed in each of thofey ears for that feruice; and as the law now fiands, the said sum of one thousand one hundred and fifty-two pounds and eight pence halfpenny cannot be brought to account; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fjpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the commissioners of his 1, 1511.01. Sd majesty’s rreafury now, or for the time being, or any three or halfpenny ex more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being shall and may, out of the money arising by the coinage duty, order and defraying ex allow such further sum, not exceeding one thousand one hun pences or pro dred and fifty-two pounds and eight pence halfpenny, for the fccutioni re expenses 6f the said prosecutions, during the course of the said iovnfdiubig years one thousand seven hundred and (eventytwo, one thou the year 5 ftnd seven hundred and seventy three, and one thousand seven 177*, 1771, hundred and seventy four, over and above the said six hundred and *774* pounds limited yearly; the said recited act, or any other law, statute, provision, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLVII

An act sir the further encouragement of the whale fijbery carried on' from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe; and for regulating the fees to be taken by the officers of the customs in the ifiand'0/newfoundland.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the last session of parlia Preamble.

menty entitled, An act for the encouragement of the 15 Geo. 3. a fiftwricsrec, ted

272 Anno decimo sexto Georgii IIL C 47. [1776.

fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe, and for securing the return of the fishermen, sailors, and others employed in the said fiihcries, to the pons thereof, at the end of the filing season certain bounties were granted to induce bis Majeftfs European subjects to carry on the whale fijbery inr the gulf of Saint Lawrence, or on the coast of Labrador, Newfoundland, or in any seat to the southward of the Greenland seas, and davis’s Straights: and whereas a valuable whale fijbery has been lately discovered in the seas to the foutbward of the latitude of forty four degrees north; for carrying on which it is necessary that the Jbips to be employed therein should be fitted out at a different season of the year from that mentioned in the said in tart recited act, and it is just and expedient that the like bounties Should be granted to Ships so fitted out and employed in such fijbery: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au 5?rjr^bcthor^y same That the several bounties hereafter Mentioned

shall be allowed arinually for eleven years, for five vessels which shall be employed in the said fi(hery in the seas to the southward of the latitude of forty-four degrees north, under the limitations and restrictions herein after expressed; (that is to say) such vessels shall appear by their register to be British built and owned by his majesty’s subjects residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, and navigated with three fourths of his majesty’s subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, betides the mailer, and shall be fitted and cleared out from some port in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey > Many after the first day of August and before the. first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and between the first day of August and the first day of November in each succeeding year, and shall take and kill one whale at the lead in the said seas, to the southward of the said latitude of forty four degrees north, and shall return, before the first day of August next following in each year, to some port in England, with the oil of such whale or whales so taken as aforesaid; and on the master and mate of such vessel, and two of the mariners belonging to her, making oath before the collector and comptroller of the customs at the port of her arrival, (which oath they are hereby authorised and required to administer) that such oil is the produce of one or more whale or whales taken and killed by the crew then belonging to such vessel, mentioning the time when (he departed from Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Many and from what port, and the time and place where such whale or whales was or were taken and kilied, such oil may be landed without payment of any duty whatsoever; and the collector and comptroller of such port shall thereupon forthwith transmit such oath to the commissioners of his majesty’s customs at London, any four or more of whom are o here

allowed, for II year?, to vessels fitted out from Great Britain, C for the whale fiftiery in the seas southward of lat, 44 degrees north.

1776jj Anno decimo sexto Georgii III c.47. 27$

hereby authorised and required to order the receiver-general of his majesty’s customs, to pay out of any money in his hands, arising by any duties under their management; for the vessel which shall so arrive in each year, with the greatest quantity of oil so taken as aforesaid, five hundred pounds; for the vessel which shall in like manner arrive in the same year, with the next greatest quantity of oil To taken as aforesaid, four hundred pounds; for the vessel which shall in like manner arrive in the same year, with the next greatest quantity of oil so taken as aforesaid, three hundred pounds; for the vessel which shall in like manner arrive in the same year, with the next greatest quantity of oil so taken as aforesaid, two hundred pounds; and for the vessel which shall in Jike manner arrive in the same year with the next greatest quantity of oil so taken as aforesaid, one hundred pounds; the said oil foto be imported by each of the said vessels, being the produce of one whale at the least;; said several and respective bounties shall be paid by such re,, within two months after the expiration of each year in which such vessel shall arrive, to the owner or owners of such vessels so entitled thereto, or their assigns, duly authorised €0 demand the same.

II Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no bounty (hail be allowed or paid for No bounty to any ship which, from and after the said first day of Augufly one he allowed to thousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall be fitted out and pj^ed in that employed in the whale fishery, in pursuance of this act, unless whale fifoery, the whole and entire property of such ship or vessel shall belong but on certain, to some of his majesty’s subjects residing in that part of his Ma condition, jelly’s dominions from whence such ship or vessel shall be respectively fitted, and cleared out, nor to any ship which shall be

so fitted out and employed in the said fishery, in pursuance of this act, or the said recited act made in the last session of parliament, unless such ship shall have on board, an apprentice, indentured for the space of three years at the least, for every fifty tonnes burden of such ship, every such apprentice not exceeding the age of eighteen years, nor being under fourteen, at the time he shall be o indentured; anything in the said recited act, ovin this act, or any custom or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III And whereas by an act of parliament, made in the tenth year Aft 10 Geo. 3. of his Majeflfs reign, it is among ft other things, enacted. That, for recited.

and during the time therein mentioned, (which at hath been since continued and is now in force) the officers of his Majesty's customs ^ naval officers in the British colonies or plantations in America, Shall he deemed to be entitled to, and Shall and may lav fully demand and receive, such fees as they and their predeceffiors respectively were and bad been generally and usually accustomed to demand, take and receive, before the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and frxty four and Shall have the like remedy for the same, according to the true intent and meaning f an made in the fifth year of his said majesty%s reign, therein particularly retired and ref

erred

Anno decimo sexto georgii III c.48. [1776^

ferred unto; and whereas, the officers of his Majesty s cufioms now » efiablifhed in the island of Newfoundland not being able to discover and of certain what fees were taken and received by their predecessors before the said twenty-ninth d jy of September, one thousand fcven hundred and six tyfour, doubts have aryen what fees they are entitled to demand and receive, in pursuance of the said in part recited act s for remedy whereof be it further enacted by the authority afore feet to be said. That so long as the said recited a St shall be continued and taken by the remain in force, the officers of his majesty’s customs in the said cu^oms<iathc anc Newfoundland shall be, and are hereby declared to have Newfound ^ecn entitled to ask, demand, take, and receive, such fees, for

land. all business done by them in the execution of their duty, as were

legally demanded and taken by the like officers of the customs at the port of Hallifax in Nova Scotia, on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, provided the said fees so taken arc not contrary to the express directions of any act of parliament made in Great Britain; and the < laid officers of the customs shall have the like remedy for the same, and be liable to the same forfeitures and difabilitie's for exalting or receiving any greater or other fees than such as are herein before allowed to be taken, as are prescribed and inflict ed in such cases by the said recited acts, or either of them as fully and effedhially, to all intents and purposes, as if the iknao had been again repeated and enacted in this present act.

CAP. XLVIII

An act for allowing further time for the exportation of, or payment' of the duties upon bugles, when warehoused upon importation into this kingdom; to empower the commijfioners 0/ the cufioms to order. all bonds relative to that revenue, upon which no prosecutions have been had for the space of five years, (except bonds for duties, and for the good behaviour of officers in the execution of their duty) to be defirojed \ and for repealing the duties upon feather beds imported into this kingdom \ and for charging the same with the like duties as are payable upon feathers for beds.

Preamble. T HEREAS by an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of Act 5 Gto. 3. V y his present Majesty, entitled. An act for more effectually recited. supplying the export trade of this kingdom to Africa with such, coarse printed cailicoes and other goods of the product or manufacture of the Eafi Indies, or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, as are prohibited to be worn and used in Great Britain for encouraging the importation of bugles into this kingdom, for the better supply of the export trade thereof, and for, discontinuing the bounty payable in Great Britain and all 1 bounties and allowances in Ireland upon the exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal, and flour, from thence to the IJU of Man; it, is (amongfi other things) enacted and provided. That iffuch bugles as shall be imported into this kingdom, and lodged and secured in Jucb warehouse belonging to his Majesty, his heirs, and fucceffiors, as in and by the said recited act is prescribedy shall not be either exported, or the

full

IJ7&] Anno decimo sexto georgiiiii. c.48. 2/5

duties paid for the same within five years from the importation thereofy hut hall then continue and be JIM remaining in the said ware baufesy in such case it ball and may be lawful for the commissioners of the atftonis for the time being, or any three or more of them, to cause the said bugles, so remaining, to be publicily sold in manner and for the purposes therein preferred; and whereas it has keen usual to expert such bugles from this kingdom to Africa in exchange for negroes, to be carried from thence to the British colonies in America, which trade being much interrupted by the disturbances and rebellion in fevered of those coionics, great quantities of /ueb bugles do now remain warehmfed at ftveral ports in this kingdom and cannot be disposed of witbowt great loss to the proprietors thereof; and it is therefore expedient tp enlarge the time limited by the said recited act for the exportation offucb bugles, or paying the duty for the same: may it there 1 fore please your Majesty that it may be enaftfed; and be it ehaft ed by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the same. That, for such of the said bugles as have been imported The aforefiid into this kingdom before the first day of May, one thousand tcrmof£ seven hundred and fevemy«fnc, and lodged and secured in any ^*0 loyears, wareboufe belonging to his Majesty, as in and by the said recited in relation toast is prescribed, and still remain unsold, the said term of five bugles im years shall be extended and enlarged to the term of ten years, p°rtcd from the importation thereof, any th\ng in the said recited act, in^ware 7 * or any other law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in any wise housed, See. notwithstanding.

II And whereas by an act of parliament, made in the eighth year Aft 8 Ann,, the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An act for recited, continuing several impositions, additional impositions, and duties, upon goods imported, to raise money by way of loan, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and for taking off the overfca duty on coals exported in briti/h bottoms; and for better preventing frauds in drawbacks upon eertificate goods; and for ascertaining the duties of corans imported m Venetian ships; and to give further time to foreign merchants for exportation of certain foreign goods imported; and to limit a time for prosecutions upon certain bonds given by merchants; and for continuing certain fees of the officers of the customs;; to prevent embezzlements by such officers; and for appropriating the moneys granted to her Majesty; and for replacing moneys paid or to be paid for making good any deficiencies on the annuity acts; and for encouragement to raise naval (lores in her majesty’s plantations; and to ive further ' time for registering debentures as is therein mentioned; it is (amongfi other things) enacted That the bonds commonly called plantation bonds, and the securities entered into, in purf&anu of an act, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, entitled, An act for the more effectual om ploying the poor, by the encouraging the manufactures of this kingdom, upon the exportation of wrought silks, and other commodi voi.xxxi* U ties

tj6 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C [^77^

ties in the said act mentioned 5 in case there shall be no prosecution for some breach or nonperformance of the refpeftivt conditions thereof" within three years after the dates thereof or if upon such profecutiorr ' judgement be not obtained for her Majesty within the space of tw9 years after the prosecution is commeneed, then such security Shall be void, and all such fecurhies so made void by that aft shall be delivered up, by the rejpeftive officers having the same in their keepings to bo cancelled, without fee or reward \ and if any officer of his Majefifr revenue having the custody of any bonds so required to be delivered up to be cancelled shall, upon reasonable demand, refuse or neglect to deliver up such bonds according to the purport and meaning of that aft, then the officer so offending Shall be liable to answer to the party grieved all his damages, together with treble softs of suit: and whereas there are now remaining, m the possession of the officers at fevirat euftom houses in this tlngdm, great number of such bonds an ft aerifies, as well as other bonds and securities token for the due exportation of other goods, and for the due performance of ships voyages, in pursuance of diverse other acts of parliament, which have lain for many years without any prosecution having been commenced thereon; no proof being discovered that the conditions of such bonds have not been duly performed, though no certificate has been produced in discharge thereof \ nor any application made to the officers for delivery thereof bp the parties concerned therein, without which, fvfficient provifm is not made for cancelling or destroying such bonds, though they are useless and of no efsect, and are an unneceffaty encumbrance to the offices where they are lodged, and pccafion great perplexity and intonventtmi to the several officers in the execution of their duty j for remedy whereof, and to prevent the difcouragemtnts which merchants do and may lie under by the faii bonds lying out ogainft them, by reason that the goods may have been vended in foreign parts, from whence no certificate can be produced conformable to the several statutes requiring the same, although the conditions of the said bonds are or shall have beet performed; be it therefore further enabled by the authority afore after July 5, said. That, from and after the fifth day ot July, one thousand boncf*ataken even hundred and seventy six, all bonds, which slave been or by "any officer, hereafter be taken by any officer, relating to the revenue

’dating to and business of his majesty’s cuttoms. upon which no profecu the revenue tion hath been or shall be commeneed, for the breach or non on^mcbno*’ p^r^ormancc f any covenant or condition therein contained profecution0 Within the space or five years from the date of such bond or oath been or security (except bonds for duties, or other money due to the shall be corn crown, and for the good behaviour of the officers in the execu -- ncedwit. tjon Of their duty) shall be void; and it shall and may be law arom the^ate fu fr he commissioners of his majesty’s customs in England thereof, and Scotland respectively, or any three or more of them, to order (Exception) and direct the several officers under their management, having shall be void. he custody of such bonds, to cancel and destroy the same in such manner as they shall think proper, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas by the book of rates, annexed to the act of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of tie reign of King Charles

177&i Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 49.

the Stcond> feather beds, 0w new the piece) are "rated at two pounds) thirteen billings, and four pencey and feathers for beds the one one hundred and twelve pounds are rated at six pounds: and whereasy in order to evade the payment of the duties due and payable by law according to the before mentioned rate upon feathers for beds imported from foreign parts attempts have been made fraudulently to bring into this kingdom large quantities of such feathers packed up in old ticking) coarse doth) or other old packages) and to enter the same under the denomination of feather beds, to the great prejudice of the public revenue, and to the detriment of the fair trader: for remedy whereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, the before mentioned rate of two pounds, thirteen (billings, and fourpence, for feather beds old or new, the piece, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, and the several duties payable upon the importation of such feather beds, according to that rate, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid j and, in lieu and instead thereof, all feather beds, and all feathers which have been heretofore entered under that denomination, drefledor undressed, new or old, which shall be imported into this kingdom in any sort of package whatsoever, shall be liable to and pay the several subsidies, additional duties, and all other imposts and duties whatsoever, to which feathers for beds are and shall be liable, according to the rate before mentioned of six pounds for every one hundred and twelve pounds weight of such feathers; which said subsidies, imposts, and duties, shall be raised, levied, and collected, recovered, paid, and applied, in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and under the like penalties and forfeitures, and with such discounts, allowances, and drawbacks, as the former duties upon feathers for beds were raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied, and were subject and liable to; and all the powers, penalties, provisions, articles, and clauses, contained in the several acts of parliament which granted or continued the same respectively, shall continue in mil force and efsect, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the railing, levying, collecting, recovering, paying, and applying, the said subsidies, imposts, and other duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this present act, as fully and eflfedujlly to all intents arid purposes, as if the said clauses, powers, and provisions, had been repeated and enacted in the body of this present act.

277

The rate of feather beds, according to the book of rates it Car, t. repealed $

and, in lieu thereof, all feather beds, and feathers heretofore en tered under that denomination, which shall be imported into this kingdom, shall be liable to the same duties as feathers for beds, according to the rate before mentioned.

CAP. XLIX

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund, and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy six; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this (efiion of parliament; for giving further relief to the widows of commifiion and warrant officers of the royal navy; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, lost, burnt, or destroyed.

Vk. frf

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 49^ [177&

Preamble. Not exceeding r, 837, 4*! 1. 31. sod. granted out of the fund for the service of the current year 5 to be i(tued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury im powered to raise the said sum, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund All per ions who fliali lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with interest. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment No see to be taken, on forfeiture of treble damages, with full cotta. Penalty ot undue preference in point of regiftery or payment. Auditor C neglecting his duty, liable tor damages, Sec. to be recovered at west minder. No undue preference in the registering, where orders are brought the same day; nor if subsequent orders are paid before others wot brought in course, so as money be reserved for the preceding orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders. If it shall be judged more advifeable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer falls indead of loans 3 and the bills in such case to be mads as those prescribed by the malt act of this frifion. AH advantages and penalties in the malt act of this session, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby authored to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the sum of 1, 837, 4x81. 3 s. tod. notwithstanding a ft C & 6 Gul. Sc Marise. The sum of 980, 441k 11. id. q. surplus of tb Jinking fund in the exchequer on April 5, 1776; and such moneys as fliali be paid into the exchequer between April 5, 1776, and April 5, 1777, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabics 11, 4441. 4s. 3d. iq. remaining in the exchequer ot the duties on rice exported, and apples imported, cambricks and sugars, granted by & Geo. 3. and moneys paid by counties who have not railed militiaj and of the imprefk moneys remaining for the disposition of parliament. *19051. 8s. td. for supporting the necessary expenses of forces in America, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the ceded ifiands, out of the moneys to be paid into the exchequer on April 5, 1776. 15, 07*1. is tv towards defraying the charge of levy money for the year 1776, out of the savings of grafts in last (eflsosa of parliament. 7, 938b 15 s. towards defraying the charge of augmenting his Majesty's foroes, out of the savings of a grant in the last session of parliament. Appropriation of the supplies. The moneys arifmg by the malt tax, land tax, loans, lottery, vote of credit, and 980, 441). is. id. q. remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1776, for the dilpofition of parliament; and such moneys as shall be paid into the exchequer between April 5, 1776, and April 5, 1777, of the produce of the duties on Gum Senega and Gum Arabic and 11, 444!. 4s. 3d. xq. of the moneys on rice exported, and duties on apples imported, and on sugars and cambricks, by aft 6 Geo. 3. the monieapaid by counties who have not railed militia; and the impressed moneys remaining for the disposition of parliament and 1, 837, 418!. 38. 10d. by this act granted, out of the excesses, Scc. composing the sinking fund; together with the money arifmg from the sale of French prizes taken before the declaration ot war; and also such sums of money as his Majesty shall direst to bet applied to the public ferrice, w hi CIV fliali arise by the sale of the ceded ifiands in the Welt Indies. Not exceeding *, 111, 055!. 19 s. 6d. to be issued out of the (applies toward Juaval services Not exceeding 50001. to the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, See. 1, 000, 0001, towards paying off and discharging the debt of the qavy. *49, 655!. 18 s. fid. for the charges of the office ot ordnance; **3, 1711. 11s. »1 d. tor the charges of the office of ordnance not provided for in 1775. Not exceeding 3, 474, 450b 4*. 4d. 3 ths. towards the land foroes; of which 6, 59**001. it. 10d. 7 ths of a penny, for defraying the charges of 10, C efftftive men, Sec. and 3*13 invalids for guards. C In Great Britain, See. 720.517b 38. 5d. 3q for forces and garrifans in Africa; 41, 530 k 19 s. 4d. to make good the difference of pay bet wean the British and uilh eftablifiunent of troops fei ving in America; 11, 505 b 7 $, 3d. for general and general staff officers in Great Britain; 89, 063b 14s. for bvy money; 16, 783b 158. id. halfpenny, for five Hanoverian battalions at Gibraltar and Minorca, in the year 1775; not exceeding 4^, 838!. «*? 9 d. for five Hanoverian bsutfuipnft ft Gibraltar, ficc, in 17763 47, 400 U

i77®-3 Anno decimo sexto georgii III C 50.' 079

it. for a regiment Of highlander 80, 984.1. 13s. id. for Fever al augmentations to his Ma jetty's foroes, See. 381, 8871. 4s. 5d. halfpenny. For 12, 394*.

Hessians, See. .121, 4751. its. 1 d. for 4, 300 Brunfwickers, See. 19, 0061. 19s.,

3d. q. for a regiment of foot of Hanau, See. not exceeding 16, 4831. 1 s. od. 3 q. for a regiment of Waldeck, See. 13, 9731* 16 s. for the artillery of the landgrave ot Hesse Cartel; 4, 244!. 128. 6 d. for levy money for the said artillery; 3, 383!. 6s. 8d. for the artillery of Hanau; 6081. for pensions to officers widows, C not exceeding 97, 5751* 128. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines; 850i. 19 s. 6d. to the two troops of borfe guards reduced, C 107, 512!. 10s. to the outpenfioners of Chelsea hof pita!; 137, 448!. 7s, to six regiments of foot from Ireland, C 845, 165 b H d. 1 q. towards extraoidmary expencesof the land foroes, Scc. not provided for; 1, 250, 0001. for discharging exchequer bills of latt session;

Not exceeding 74061.3 d. halfpenny, to make good to his Majesty the like fom iftued in purftiance of the addrtfies of the house of commons; 3, 086 b for the civil ctublionxaent of Georgia; 4.9501. for the civil eftabliffiment of salt Florida; 4, 9501. for the ciyileft]iblittimcnt of West Florida; Not exceeding 4, 246b 10s. 5d. for supporting the civil eftabliffiment of Nova Scotia; 1, 885b 4s. for defraying expenses attending surveys in North America; 13, 000b for repairing and maintaining the forts in Africa;

5, 550b for supporting the civileftabliffiment of Senegambia; 6, 996 bv 10 s. sod. on account of the expense of new roads. Scc. in the highlands of Scotland, 20001. to the commissioners of Westminster bridge; 92, 4x11.

14s. nd. iq. to make good the deficiency of the sum granted by parliament in 1774, for recoining the deficient gold coin. Not exceeding 44, 096b 5 s. tod. halfpenny, to the sinking fund, to make good the deficiency on July 5, 1775; 37, 348 b 12 s. 7 d. to make good the deficiency of grants fo^: the service of .1775. The said aids to be applied only to the uses before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the half-pay. By aft 15 Geo. 3* a sum not exceeding 105, 3x6b 16 s. 8d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. overplus moneys, above satis lying said officers, to be difpbfed of to officers who were maimed, Sec. in (he late wars, or to officers widows and children, as his Majesty shall dir eft.

Recital of a clause in an act 6 Geo. 2. and 24 Geo. 2. After June 24,

177v allowance of the wages, cof the one other Teamen in every 100, shall be continued till the number employed in the royal navy a mounts to 30, 000. Barons of the exchequer, on proof made before them of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, Sec. being loit or destroyed, ffiall grant a certificate of the same; on producing whereof to the proper officers, and on giving them sufficient security, they are to make out duplicates of said bills. Scc. and to diicfiarge the same.

CAP. L

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify jujlices of the peace, or other St who have omitted to regijler or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admifftons have been omitted to be fiamped according to law, or, having beenjlamped, have been lost or mijlaid; and for allowing them time to provide admifftons duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to dttortiies and solicitors.

WHEREAS diverse persons, who, on account of their offices, Preamble.

places, employments, or prosessions, or any other cause or occa fton, ought to have taken and subscribed the oaths, or the ajjurance re jpeftively, appointed to be by such persons taken and subscribed, in and by an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King X U 3 George

a8o Anno decimo sexto Georgii III c.50.

ivrfons who Geoyge the Fir ft, of glorious memory, (entitled. An act for the have omitted further security of his majesty’s person and government, and the oaths appoint fucce^°n f the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, ed by ad being protestants;; for extinguiftiing the hopes of the pre

i Geo. 1. tended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors;) or la

Aft 1 X Car. a. ave iua^fie^ themselves according to an a51, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled. An act for the well governing and regulating corporations;) or to have qua * Aft 15 Car. a. themselves according to another a51, made in the twenty-fifth year

of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for preventing the dangers which may happen from popish recusants, by receiving the sacrament of the lord’s supper, according to the usage of the church of England, and making and fubferibing the declaration against transubstantiation therein mentioned;) orac aft 30 Car. a. cording to another a51, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for the more effectual preserving the king’s person and government, by disabling pa pi ft s from sitting in either house of parliament;) or according to another A ft S Geo. j. at, made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled, An act for granting the people called Shakers such forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under;) or according to Aft G another a51, made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty 9 co. i. George the Second, (entitled, An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices within the time litnited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for amending so much of an act, patted in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as requires .persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term, or quarter sessions;; also for enlarging the time limited by law for making and fubferibing the declaration against transubstantiation; and for allowing a further time for inrol ment of deeds and wills made by papists;; for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lesties;) or according to another Aft is Geo.*, ts5f, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act to amend and render more effectual an act, patted in the fifth year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled, An o5l for the further qualification of jufiices of that n peace;) or according to another af, made in the fixthyear of the reign andac Geo. ^ present Majesty, (entitled, An act for altering the oath of ** abjuration, and the afluraitce; and for amending so much of an

aft, made in the seventh year of her late majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An al for the improvement cf the union of the two kingdoms, a9, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifhs and copies therein mentioned to persons indicted of high treason, or misprision of treason) ) through ignorance of the law, ahfence, or home unavoidable accident, omitted to take and fttb/cribe the said oaths apd affurancand make and Jubfiribe the declaration required by law, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such time, and in such manner, os in and by the said a51s refpe5lively, or by any other a51 of parliament in that behalf made, is

required,

^

i 776.] Anno <3ecimo sexto Georgii III C 50. a.81

required, whereby they have incurred or may be in danger of incurring, diverse penalties and disabilities: for quieting the minds of bis Majcjly's subjects., tend for preventing any inconveniences that might otherwise happen by means of suck omifftons; be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and cdhfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefenr parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That a if and every person or person, who, at or before the passing of this paffinvof this act, hath or shall have omitted to take and subscribe the said oaths and declarations, or to receive the sacrament of the lord’s sup i per, or otherwise to qualify him, her, or themselves, within such time, and in such manner, as in and by the said acts, or any of them, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made, is required; and who, after accepting any such office, place, or employment, of undertaking any profession or thing on account of which such qualifications ought to have been had, and is required, before the passing of this, ad, hath or have taken and subscribed the said oaths, or made the declarations required by law, and also received the sacrament of the lord’s supper, according to the usage of the church of England, or who, on or or before dee before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hun *5» *777* dred and seventy seven, shall take and subscribe the said oaths, 1 declarations, and afliirance respectively, in such cases wherein by law the said oaths, declarations, and afiurance, ought to have been taken or subscribed, in such manner and form, and at or in such place or places, as are appointed in and by the' said act, made in the first year of the jxign of his said late majesty King George the First, or by any other aft or acts of parliament in that behalf madp and provided, and also hath or have received, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, receive, the sacrament of the lords supper, according to the usage of the church of England, in such cases wherein the said sacrament ought tq / have been received, and hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, mafke and subscribe the said declaration against transubstantiation, and also hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, make and subscribe the said declaration, in the said statute made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, in such cases wherein the said declarations ought to have been made and subscribed, and take and subscribe the oath directed by the said act made in the eighteenth year of the reigrt of his late majesty King George the Second, in such cases wherein the said oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such manner as by the said ad is directed, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, indemnified freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, a?ainrt fr incapacities, and disabilities incurred, or to be incurred, for or by *clturcs* reason of any neglect or omission previous to the passing of this acts of taking or fubferibing the said oaths or afiurance, or rc

U 4 ceiving

j

282 Anno Hecimo facto Georgii III C 50. [1776.

ceiving the sacrament, or making or subscribing the said declarations, or taking or subscribing the said oath, according to the abovementioned adfcs, or any of them, or any other at or as; and such person and persons is and are, and shall be, fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same (fate and condition as he, (he, or they, were in before such neglect or omistan, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves, according to the abovementioned at, and every of them : and that all elections of, and acfts done, or to be done, by any such person or persons, or by authority derived from hkn, her, or them, are and shall be of the same force and validity as the same, or an^r of tbefti, would have been if such person or persons respectively had taken the said oath or affiirance, and received the sacrament of the lord’s supper, and made and fub foribed the said declarations, and taken and subscribed the said oath, according to the direction of the said atfs, and every or any of them 5 and that the qualification of such person or persons, qualifying themselves in manner, and within the time appointed by this act. shall be, to all intents and purposes, as effectual as If such person or persons had refpcdivdy taken the fard oaths and assurance, and received the sacrament, and made and subscribed the said declaration, and taken and subscribed the said oath, within the time, and in the manner appointed by the several acts before mentioned.

Nottoindem II Provided always. That this act, or anything herein con nify any pertained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify f°ena?tr focur ny person against whom final judgement (hah have been given, CD by neglect n any a^on of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of hia ing toqualify majesty’s courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having bimfclf. neglected to qualify himself within the time limited by law.

III And whereas the appointments of diverse clerks of the peace, lows tier is, and other public officers, and the admissions of diverse members, and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, or tbt entries of such admissions in the court books, rolls, or records, offucb tities, corporations, and borough towns, which by several acts of parliament are dire fled and required to be stamped, may not have been provided, or the same not flampedy or may have been lost or miftaid $ Persons probe it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, for the during ap relief of such persons whose appointments and admifl^ons, or ancudmuhons le cnrr*cs f whose admissions as aforesaid may not have been before Dec. provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same have been *5> 1777> lost or inistaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for sich persons, 'on or before the rwenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, to provide, or cause to be provided, appointments and admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped: or, in case where ftch appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, to the commiffiorters appointed to infpecfc and manage the revenues of the lamp duties, to be duly stamped;

which

177<>] Anno decimo facto Georgii III 0*50,

wfekh such oommrffionen are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, to duly stamp, on payment of the duties first pay.. or to have been paid on such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforefakl, without any fine or forfeiture - ^ be con thereon? and such persons so providing appointments, admis |^ramc(j, and fions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, or quailed to procuring the same to be duly stamped, in manner aforesaid, are aft as clerk, and ihajl be hereby confirmed and qualified to aft as clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other public officer, or member or co™rations, members, officer or officers, of such cities, corporations, and C borough towns respectively, to all intents and purposes, and shall way enjoy all and may hold and enjoy, and execute such offices, or any other °?ccu‘ll10 office or offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, ^cca notwithstanding his or their omission, or the omission of any of elected;; predecefiors, in such cities, corporations, or borough towns, and hall be as aforesaid; and shall be indemnified and discharged of and Indemrjjficd from all incapacities, disabilities, forfeitures, penalties, and da mages, by reason of anv such omission; and pone of his or their damages in acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same. curredby rea

IV Provided always. That this act, or anything herein con j?n of om, u tained, shall not extend, or be conftrned to extend, to rest ore orii0ns# entitle any person or persons to any office or employment, bene Not to extend fice, matter, or thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by toreftore per judgement of any of his majesty’s courts of record, or already 10 ny.. filled up and enjoyed by any other person;; that such by judgement, office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing, so avoided, or

legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now, or shall, at the palling of thi{ aft, be legally entitled to the same, as if this act had never been made.

V And whereas many persons have omitted cause affidavits to be made, and afterwards to he filed in the proper office, of the actual execution of several contracts in writing entered into by them to serve as clerks to attornies or solicitors, within the time in which the same aught to have been done, and many infants, and others, may thereby incur certain disabilities; for preventing thereof, and relieving such

ferfons, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every per Persons who son who, at the passing of this act, shall have neglected or omitted .cause a to cause any such affidavit or affidavits as aforesaid to be made and filed, and who, on or before the first day of Michaelmas m.dmlm** term, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall cause term, 1776, one or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed, in such manner as the same ought to have been made and filed in due time, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, ar mdemni and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, inca an, 1*

C ' J jr » & r rs CL C I charged horn

pacities, and disabilities, m or by any adbor acts of parliament, penalties, mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of such neglect or omission; and every such affidavit and affidavits foto be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the faief first day of Michaelmas term, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, shall be aa cffc&ual, to all intents and purposes, as

if

*$4 Anno decimo sexto georgh III C 51, [1

if the same had been made and filed within the respective times the same ought, by the laws now in being for that purpose, to have been made and filed.

VI And be it further enabled, That in case any action, fuitr Ifccuted and kill ipdidttnent, or information, (hali, from and after the paf hereby meant sing of this act, be brought, carried on, or prosecuted, against to be indem any person or persons hereby meant or intended to be indcomi fied, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any forfci saal jfibc**" turc incapacity, or disability whatsoever incurred, or ua

be incurred, by any such neglect or omission, such person or per r fpns may plead the general issue, and, upon their defence, give

this act, and the special matter, in evidence, upon any trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. LI

An act for granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of muffins and calicoes, imported by the east-india company in the years one thousand seven hundred and seventy three, and one thousand [even hundred and seventy four; for allowing further time to the said company to expose to file such bohea and ftnglo teas and coffee as remained unsold on the fifth day of April, one thousand even hundred and Jeventyfix; andalfo such bohea teas as Jhatl be imported on or before a certain time; andfor allowing the drawbacks

on the exportation of such teas and coffee; and for granting further time for allowing the drawback on the exportation of coffee imported in the Jhip Shrewsbury /^ year one thousandfiven him dred and seventy three.

Vreambit. TX/HE REAS there are green quantities of muffins and white

V V calicoes remaining in this kingdom, which were imported by the united company of memhants of England trading to the East Indies, in the years one thoufimd even hundred and evenly three, and one thousand even hundred and seventy four, and which, by reason of the interruption given to. trade by the rebellion and disturbances fubfifi ing in fveralof the British colonics in North America, the proprietors of such goods may not be able to export within the term of three years from the importation thereof, being the time limited by law to entitle them to receive the drawback of the duties thereon, and it is reasonable and necessary that some further time Should be granted for the exportation of such goods: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par the term of liament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That for three ears al muftins and white calicoes which were imported by the said unirec* company into.this k ngdom, in the year one thoufana tiem’toth/ex seven hundred and seventy three, and which shall be exported porting of from hence before the thirtieth day of December, one though. (and mtiflin* and seven hundred and f*venty eight; and for all mullins and white %*hite calli. calicoes imported into this kingdom by the said united company ***** C in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, which

shall

i 776.] Anno decimo sexto gborgii III C 51. *8$

shall be exported from hence before the thirtieth day of Decent one rhoufand seven hundred and seventy nine; whether such muslins or calicoes shall have been printed, painted, lain CD or dyed, in this kingdpm or not, the exporter or exporters of such goods shall be allowed and paid the same drawbacks, under the like rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, as such exporter or exporters would be entitled and liable to, in case such goods had been exported within the term of three years from the importation thereof, any law, custom, or usage, to tbc contrary notwithstanding.

II And whereas by several acts of parliament now in force for granting, continuing, and better securing the duties payable ad valorem upon unrated east-india goods and for ascertaining the values thereof \ according to which such duties Shall be paid the importer or importers thereof are to give security by bond for payment of the said duties according to the real values of the said, goods to be afcertainei according to the respective a61$ of parliament in that behalf made, (except coffee,) as soon as the said goods Shall be sold and alfofor exposing the said goods to sale openly and fairly by way of auction or by inch of candle, within the city of London, within the term of three years afr ter the importation thereof: and whereas by an act, made in the four Recital of an teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled An act for aft 14 Geo. j. granting further time to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies to expose to sale the finglo and bohea teas remaining in their warehouses unsold on the fifth day of cdpril, one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, and for allowing the drawbacks on the exportation of iuch teas, it was (among ft other things) enacted That for such of the said bohea teas as were then imported and which remained unsold on the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy four the said united company might at any time within the space of four years to be computed from the importation thereof expose such teas to sale; and that afterfuch sale or sales there should be allowed the like difeounts* on payment of the duties an such teas as if the same had been exposed to Jale within the term of three years before mentioned, or, any other time theretofore limited by taw: and whereas a great part of the said bohea tea? imported by the said united company and remaining in their ware baufes unsold on the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy four yet remains unsold; and over and besides such bohea tea the said company havefence that time imported a further con jiderable quantity of bohea tea which remained in their warehouses unsold on the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six ana they expect to import and receive before the thirty first day ofdecember, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, a further considerable quantity o f bohea tea in sundry Ships now coming home from China 5 and the said company bad also in their warehouses unsold on the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy fixa great quantity of finglo teas and coffee, and by reason of the interruption given to trade fiy the disturbances in several of the £riti(h colonies in America, the said quantity of bohea tea imported before the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred andfe

venty

ti Anno decimo sexto Gcorgii III C 51. [1776.

ventj four, and remaining Unsold on the fifth day of April, one thou fond seven hundred and seventy six, cannot he expect ed to be sold by iha said company within the term of four yean allotted for that purpose by the said act of the fourteenth year of the reign of hts prejent Majesty;; can it be expected that the said other bohea teas hereinbefore mentioned, the faidfinglo teas, and coffee, Should be sold by the said company ' tvithin the term of three years, to be computed from the refpeftw* times of the importation of fitch teas and coffee, and it is necejffary that some further time Should be granted to the said company to post their said teas and coffee up to sale; be it therefore enacted by the au comaniaiobet^or*ly af°refa, That as well for such of the said bohea teas, allowed usual fingj° teas, and coffee, as remained unsold on the fifth day of difeountson April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, as also for the sale of all such bohea teas as hereafter shall be imported at any time or see Within five t‘n^cs on or ^ thirty first day of December, one thousand

years after the fcvcn hundred and seventy six, the said united company may, at importation any time within the space of five years, to be computed from thereof. the importation thereof, expose such respective teas and coffee to sale, and after such sale or Tales there shall be allowed the like difeounts, on payments of the respective duties on such tea? and coffee, as if the same had been exposed to sale within the term of three years, or any other time heretofore limited by law, any * law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

The term of III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, extended That, for and during the said term of five years, to be computed five, in rela as aforesaid, there shall be drawn back and allowed for all the tion'to the said teas and coffee, which shall be exported from this kingdom drawback on as merchandise to Ireland, or any of the British colonies or plan teasand coffeetaticms n America, to the exporter or exporters thereof, such arid to Ireland and the same drawbacks or allowances, and under such rules, regu america. lations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, as such exporter or exporters would have been entitled to in case such teas and coffee had been exported within the term of three years from the respective times of the importation thereof 5 any law usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV And whereas, reason of the [aid interruption to trade, a great part of the coffee imported by the said united Company in the fljip Shrewsbury, in the year one thousandfeven hundred and seventy three, and which hath been sold by the said united company, yet remains uncleared in their vearehouses, belonging to the buyers thereof, and the same cannot be exported within three years after the importation thereof, be The fa me time therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if tthe exporting cof ^aic* co^ee» imported by the said ship Shrewsbury, in the year onfc see, brought thousand seven hundred and seventy three, and now remaining by theshie*f uncleared in the said company’s warehouses, shall be exported at bury, in 1773, any time within five years, to be computed from the importation maimnvm thereof, there shall be drewn back, and allowed for the same, to the company's the txporter or exporters thereof, such and the same drawbacks warehouies. or allowances, and under such rules, regulations, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, as such exporter or exporters would hav.. entitled to in case Tuch coffee had been exported within the

term

1776j Anno cfccimo sexto Georg n III C 52.' 287

term of three years from the importation thereof any law, cu

(bn, or ufege, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V Provided always, and be it farther enacted by the autho ha ca the rity aforefoid, That if the said united company of ^rchantsof^j^^^^" England trading to the East Indies, shall at any time negledfc to y ^ keep the market (applied with a sufficient quantity of tea at rea market with fpnable prices, to answer the consumption thereof in Great tea, at reason britaut, it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners pt^e, » of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or for the lord of thttreansy high treasurer for the tipie being, to pant licences to any other may grant LI per fan or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, to im cenfes to any port into Great Britain, from any parts of Europe, in such and perr°nk8iau the like manner, and subject to such duties, and under such re p°rt llie ftridtioas and limitations, and upon such notices, and with such licences, as are by any actor acts now in force prescribed and doodled with respect to tea to be imported from any parts of Emepe by tb said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies; anything contained in this act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LII

An act to declare his Majesty's natural born subjects inheritable to the estates of their ancestors, whether lineal or collateral, in that part of ' Great Britain called Scotland, notwithstanding their father or mother were aliens.

whereas£y*e aft, mode in the parliament of England, preamhje.

in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late m fifty King William the Thirds (entitled, An act to enable his Map j 1 jelly’s natural born subjects to inherit the estate of their ancef u * tars, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their father or mother were aliens,) it is enabled, That all and every person or pm sins bfing the King's natural born subject or subjects, within on? of the King's realms or dominions, ball and may hereafter lawfully Mr,, and be inheritable, as heir or heirs to any honours, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and make their pedigrees and titles by defeent from any of their ancestors, lineal or collateral, although the father and mother, or fathers or mothers, or other ant eft or of such per sin or per sins, by, from, through, or under whom, he, he, or they, may make or derive their title or pedigree, were or was, or is or arey or ball be, born out of the King's allegiance, and out of his Atajefly's, realms and dominions, as freely, fully, and effectually, to all intents and purpofis, as if such father or mother, or fathers or mothers, or other ancejlor or ancestors, by, from, through, or under whom, he, her

they, hall or may make or derive their title or pedigree, had been naturalised, or natural born Jubjeft or subjects within the King's dominions; any law or custom to the contrary notwithstanding: and whereas doubts have arijen whither the provifton of the aforesaid fiatute would take place in Scotland by the rules of the common-law thereof, and it is reasonable that the same rule of jucce/jion Should take place in both parti of the united kingdom, and that fiub doubts Should

be

All persons, being the King's natural born fable, shall inherit as heirs to any manors, lands, C in Scotland,

under whom they make their title, were aliens.

288 Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C [1776.*

be removed; be it therefore declared and enabled by the King's rood excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That all and every person or persons, being the king’s natural bom fubjelt of fubjelts within this uhited kingdom, or any other of the king’s realms or dominions, shall and may hereafter lawfully inherit, and be inheritable, in Scotland, as heir or heirs to any honours, manors, lands, tenement, or hereditaments, and make their pedigrees and titles by defeent from any of their ancestors, lineal or collateral although the father and mother, or although their fathers or mothers, or other ancestor of such person or persons, lathers or by, from, through, or under whom, he, ftie, or they shall or mothers, arc. make or derive their title or pedigree, were or was, or is or are, or shall be, born out of the King's allegiance, and out of his majesty’s realms and dominions, as freely, fully, and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if such father or mother, or fathers or mothers, or other anceffor or anceffors, by, from, through, or under whom, be, (he, or they shall or may make or derive their title or pedigree, had been naturalised or natural born subject or subjects within the king’s dominions; any law or custom to rhe contrary notwithstanding.

II Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person or persons shall be hereby enabled to inherit as heir or heirs, or coheir or co heirs, to any person dying seized of any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in possession, reversion, or remainder, through any alien anceffor or anceffors, unless the person or persons so claiming or deriving his or their title as

m.. heir or heirs, coheir or co heirs, was or were, or shall be in to7"unlcft thc being, and capable to take the same effate as heir or heirs, co claimant was heir or co heirs, at the death of the person who shall so lass die in being at seized of such manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and to whom lie, (he, or they shall so claim to be heir or heirs, coheir or co heirs.

III Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the person or persons who shall be in being, and capable to take, at the death of the anceffor so dying seized of any such honours,

deff: ent^fllaltc.mawors* lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and upon whom favupon a the defeent shall be caff, shall happen to be a daughter or daughters of any alien, and that the alien father or mother, through whom such defeent shall be derived by such daughter or daughters, shall afterwards have a son born within any of his Majesty's realms or dominions, the defeent so caff upon such daughter or daughters shall be diverted in favour of such son, and such son shall inherit and take the effate, in like manner as is allowed by the common-law in cases of the birth of a nearer heir; or in case such father or mother shall have no son or fons, but shall have one or more daughter or daughters afterwards born within any of his Majesty's realms or dominions, the daughter or daughters so bom afterwards shall inherit and take in coparcenary With the daughter or daughters upon whom the defeent

shall

No person to inherit at heir to any person dying poffe&d of mauors, lands. See. through any alien ancef

the time of such person’s death. Regulations with regard to the luccef

daughur, and a tonne, Scq. shall afterwards be born.

!77^»i Anno decimo lexto Gboroii III C 53, 54.' 2s9

Hull be call at the death of the ancestor last seized; anything in

tina ad contained to the contrary notwithftandmg.

CAP. Lin.

An act to continue the corporation of the guardians of the poor within the Isle of Wight and to confirm the powers and authorities now vetted in the find corporation and to provide new powers and regulations tor '

the members of the same; and to repeal an act, patted in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An at for eftablijbing m bomft or houses of indufiry in the Isle of Wight, for tbt reception, maintenance and employment, of the poor belonging to the entered parijba and places nmtb 'm the fatd island.

CAP. LIV

An act to continue an atf9 made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts;) and also an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of hit present Majesty, in rituledy An act to prohibit the importation of light silver coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to retrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum.)

WHEREAS the laws hereafter mentioned have by experience Preamble.

been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty by and with the advice and tonfent of the lords fpirkual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That an act made in the fifth year of the reign Aft 5 Geo. of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An all prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts) which was to con g™^ars# tioue in force from the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand y fcven hundred and thirty-two, for the space of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next section of parliament, and which, by several subsequent acts, made in the ninth and iixtccmh years of his said majesty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand fever hundred and fifty, and by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of his laid late Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and * fifty seven, and which by three subsequent acts made in the thirty first year of his said late majesty’s reign, and in the fourth and twelfth years of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, and from thence to the end bf the then next session of parliament, shall be, and thb. lame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth day of September? one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then 1

next section of parliament. *

IL And be it further enacted by the authority^aforesaid, That an act, made in the fourteenth year, of thc.reign of his present

Mav

at 14. Geo. 3 further continued for two years.

Anno decimo facto Geqrgii UL C 55 — 60; [1776.

. Majesty, (entitled, An act So prohibit the importation of light jmvtr coin of this realm from foreign countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum) which was to continue in force until, the nrft day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and from thence to the end of the then next feffiort of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the expiration thereof, until the first day of Mayy one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. LV

An act to enable the trustees of certain charily lands, belonging to the poor of Salford, in the county palatine of Laricafter, to grant building leases thereof

CAP. LVI

An act for applying the borough and town of Brecknock, and litre tics thereof with water and for pavings cleaning, regulatings and lighting, the streets, lanes, and public pajfages there > and far widening and, making commodious same of the jcnd/beets* lanes, and

pajfages.

CAP. LVII

An act for paving, cleansing lightings and watching, the borough and town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the county of ' Dorset; and for removing all encroachments obftruftms* and an noyances therein.

CAP. LVIII

An act to explain and amend an act made in the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the streets and lanes in the town and parish o?chatham, in the county of Kent; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; and to extend the peoviftons of the aid act to such parts of the high street in Chatham, as are lunate in the parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, and to other places adjoining or contiguous to the said town.

CAP. LIX

An act for lighting and watching the town of Portsmouth, in the county Southampton; and for explaining and amending an act faffed in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the better paving and cleansing the streets and other public pajfages in the said town, andfor preventing nuisances and annoyances t her An and for widening and rendering the Jarne more commodious.

CAP. LX

An act to amend and render more ejfeftual an act, made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for opening certain pof- Jages, and/or paving the streets, and other places, in the parijb of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, andfer preventing annoyances therein; and for extending the powers.of the said act to such part of a lane, called hog lane, as lies within the liberty of Norton falgate, in the said county.

o CAP.

177, 6.] Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 61 — 67, 291

CAP. LXI

An ah for trifling a lighthouse or lightboufes and landmarks in or mar the port of Chester, and for placing buoys upon the banks and Jbcals leading into and in the said port; and for regulating of pilots and perfcns towing or tracking of vessels to and from the city of Chester j and for fixing the rates payable for the same refpeflivtly.

CAP. lxn.

An act to enable the commijfioners of sewers forseveral limits in the tafiern parts of the county of Kent, more effeflually to drain and improve the lands and grounds within the General Valleys.

CAP. LXIII

An act for widening and improving several fireets in the town of Manchester j and for opening new fireets or passages within the said town.

CAP. LXIV

An act for drainings embanking,, and prefervingy certain fen lands and low grounds called The Parts and Alderlots, in the parishes of Glatton and Holme, in the county of Huntingdon.

CAP. LXV

An act for making the river Soar navigable from the river Trent to bishop’s Meadow, within the liberty of Garenton, in the county of Leicester; and for making and maintainingy h navigable cut or * canal from thencty near or up and into The ru(hes, at Loughborough, in the said county.

CAP. LXVI

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canaly within and from certain landsy belonging to Thomas Talbot Foley, esquire in the parijb Dudley, in the county of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Stourbridge navigation at a place called Black Delph, upon penfnet chase, in the parijb of fcingfwin ford, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LXVII

An act for enlarging the term and powers osso much of an a fly made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of bis majesty King George the Sccondy entitled, An act for repairing and widening the high roads from Bafingfioh through popbam laney suttonb Scotney9 and Stockbridgey in the county of Soutbamptony to a place called lobcomb corner, in the f ounty of ivilts \ and also for repairing aod widening the road from Spittlehoufe over jveybtll to Mullen's Pondy in the said county of Southampton; as relates to the roads f rom Basingstoke to lobcomb corner, in the county of Wilts.

Vo*. XXXI X CAP.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III c.63 — 72. [1776.

CAP. LXVIII

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the twenty second year of the reign of hi late Majesty, entitled, An act for repairing the road from the West Cowgdte, near the town of New erf le upon Tyne, through the welt end of Kenton, Pont 'Eland, Higham Dikes, Newham Edge, B elf ay Mill, and South Middleton, to the north side of the river Wanfpcck, in the. county of Northumberland.

CAP. LXIX

An act for continuing the term and varying the powers of two nfts, passed in the third and seventeenth years of his late majesty King George the Second, fer repairing the road from that part of Chatham which lies next to the city fl/rocheftcr, to Saint dun ftan’s Cross near the city of Canterbury, in the county of Kent; and for amending and widening the road from the present turnpike road at or near a place called makenade corner, in the parish of Preston, to baghant crois and shalmsford lanc end, in the parish of Chiiham, in the said county.

C A LXX I

An act for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an oft, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign cf his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the road leading from Horsham, in the epunty of Sussex, through Capel, Dorking, Mickleham, and leather head, to the watch house in Ebbijbam, in the county of Surry, and from Capel to Stone ftr at, in the parish of Ockley, in the said county of Surry.

CAP. LXXI

An act for amending and keeping in repair the road from Doncaster to the turnpike road which leads from Bawtry to Retford, in (be counties of York and Nottingham.

CAP. LXXII

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, 'entitled. An at for repairing and widening the roads leading from the east side of lincoln heath, to the city of Peterborough; and from the east end of marham lane, to the town of Walton, in the county of Northampton 3. and from the town of Bourn, to the town of Colferwortb\ and from Donningttm Nigh Bridge, to the cross post, in the parish of Hacconby; and from the east end of a lane called hale drove, to and through the town of Old Sleaford, to the end of long hedge, in th parish of ^uarrington, in the county of Lincoln.

CAT.

1776.] Anno decimo sexto georgh III c.73 — 77. 293

CAP LXXIII

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his majijly King George the Second, entitled, An act for repairing and widening the road from the White Stoop near the north end of the town of Derby,. through the towns of Duffidd and Chejlerfieldin the county of Derby, to the town of Sheffield in the county of York; and from the said town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the town of ivirkfworth, in the said county of Derby.

CAP. LXXIV

An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts, made in the twenty second and twenty-ninth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from wanford bridge In th county of Northampton, to the town and borough of Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, and from Stamford to Bourn in the said county; and for repairing and widening the road from thi north end of the bridge, to a gate called Scotgate in Stamford, and from the termination of the turnpike road in the parish of Bourn, to the market cross in Bourn.

CAP. LXXV

An act for repairing and widening the road from the market cross in the township of Clithero, to salford bridge in the town of Blackburn, in the county palatine Lancaster.

CAP. LXXVI

An an to continue and render more ejfenual several acts of parliament for repairing the highways leading to highgate gatehouse and Hampstead, and other roads in the said acts mentioned in the county of Middlesex; and alfg to continue and render more ejfeftual\

An act to enable the relpedive trustees of the turnpike roads leading to highgate gatehouse and Hampjlead, and from Saint giles's pound to Kilbourne, to make a new road from the Great Northern Road at ijlington to the Edgeware Rood near padjing tonne, sofar as the Jame is by the said act directed to be under the # care ana management of the trujlees of the said first mentioned acts; and for making a road from the said new road, near queen’s row, to bagnigge wash, and for watchings lightings and watering thi said roads.

CAP. LXXVII

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from the town of Ludlow, in the county of Salop, through Woojferton and Little Hereford, to a place called monk's bridge, in the said county; and a^fo from the said town of Ludlow to a place or house called The Maidenhead at Orletony in the county of Hereford.,

CAP.

Anno decimo sexto Georgii III C 78 — 83* [1776.

CAP. LXXVIII

An act for continuing the term, and altering, explaining, enlarging

the powers of an act of the twenty ftxtb of King George thi Second, for repairing and widening the several roads therein mentioned in the county of Worcester, and for repealing so much of an act of the seventh year of his present Majesty, as relates to the rod from knightsford bridge to a certain house at Red Marley, in the parijb of Great Witlcy, in the said county, and for putting tit same under the management of the trufees for executing the said first \ mentioned aft 5 and for amending other roads therein mentioned

CAP. LXXIX

An act far continuing and enlarging the terms and powers of two severed acts of parliament refptfting roads near the borough of afhbur tonne, in the county of Devon.

CAP. LXXX

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the fifth year of his present Majefys reign, for repairing and widening the road from the Great Bridge in the borough of lvarwiclt through Soutbam and Daventry, to the town of Northampton.!

CAP. LXXXI

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, pa [fed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second) entitled, An act for repairing and widening the road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, aod from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick and. from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter leading towards stone leigh town; and for supplying an omission in an act, passed in the last feflson of parliament, for repairing the road from lei teller to ajhby de la zoucb, in the county of Leicester \ sofar as toe [arise relates to the road from Coventry, through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from the said city of Coventry to martyn’s Gutter.

CAP. LXXXII

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act pojfed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his majtjiy King George the Second, ft far as relates to repairing the road from Tadcaftcr to haltoa dyal, in the west riding of the county of York.

CAP. LXXXIII I

An act for repairing, widening, and altering the road from the termination of the present turnpike road at Elfdon Highcross, near the town of Elfdon, in the county ^northumbedand, on the north east side of the river Reed, through Overacres, Elifhaw, and Catcleueh, to the Red Swyre upon the mid border betwixt England and Scotland.

1

THE

Statutes at Hajcge,

Anno decimoseptimo Ge o r g i i III Regis

Being the THIRD Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

BY

DANBY PICKERING, of gray’s Inn, Esq

Voi, xxxipart mi

A

T A B L E

O F T H E

S T A T U T E S

PUBLIC. and PRIVATE,

pacted Anno decimo septimo

GEORGII III Regis,

Being the Third Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Cap. i.tt*or granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven.

Cap. 2, For continuing and granting to his * Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven.

Cap. 3. For punishing mutiny and desertion j and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 4. For the regulation of his majesty’s marine forces while on ftiore.

Cap. 5. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint Mary i/lington, in the county of Middleftx; and for building a workhouse for the said parish.

Cap. 6. For vesting in David Hartley esquire, his executors, administrators, and assigns, the foie use and property of a certain method by him invented of securing buildings against the calamities of fire, throughout his majetty’s dominions for a limited time.

a 2 Cap.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap y. For enabling the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, to grant commifiions to the commanders of private ships and vessels, employed in trade, or retained in his majesty’s service, to take and make prize of all such ships and vessels, and their cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited time.

Cap. 8. To amfend so much of an act* made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act jer eftablijbhg certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the east-india company, as well in India as in Europe,) as relates to the day on which the annual election of directors of the said company is to be made.

Cap. 9. To impovver his Majesty to secure and detain persons charged with, or suspected of, the crime of high treason, committed in any of his majesty’s colonies or plantations in amer't ca, 4 or on the high feasor the crime of piracy.

Cap. 10. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathingof the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of Marchy one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven.

Cap. II For more effectually preventing frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool, worsted yarn, and goods made from worsted, in the counties of York, Lancaster, and . Chester. #

Cap. 12. For building a bridge across the river Severn, from or near a place called Preen's Eddy, in the parish of Brofeley% to or near a place called The sheep wash, iq the parish of Sutton Madded, in the County of Salop \ and for making proper roads and avenues to and from the same.

Cap. 13. For continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent frauds and abuses m the admeasurement of coals (old by wharf tneasure, within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and between tower dock and limehouje bole, in the county of mii dlefex.

Cap. 14. To enable his Majesty to licence a theatre in the city of . Chester.

Cap. 15. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the parishes of Hallifaxy bradford^kighley^ Bingley, Guifeley, Caber lay y Bat lay y Birfal, Mirfieldy Hartifbead cum Clifton, Almondr bury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and thejordlhip or liberty of Tongy in the west riding of the county of York and for extending the jurisdiction of the courts baron of the honour of Pontefrafty manor of Wakefield, and manor of Bingleyy in the said county.

Cap. 16. For limiting the exemptions from toll (granted by any actor acts of parliament for repairing turnpike roads) on account of cattle going to and from water or pasture.

Can. 17. For dividing the chase of Enfield, in the county of middlcfex’t and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cup. id. For enabling the mayor, aldermen, and commons,

of

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of tie city of London, to purchase the present tolls aru^ duties payable for navigating upon the river Thames, westward of london bridge, within the liberties of the city of London, and for laying a small toll in lieu thereof, for the purpose of more effectually completing the said navigation; and for other purposes.

Cap, 19. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the parish of Old Swinford, in the counties of Worcefer and Stafford.

Cap. 20. For coritinuing two acts, made in the sixth year of the reign of King George the First, and in there twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of beer or ale vended or sold within the town of Burntisland, and, liberties thereof, for increasing the public revenue of the said town, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 21. For the better support of his majesty’s household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain.

Cap, 22. For opening communications between Wrapping street and Rat cliff highway, and between Old gravel lane and sir ginia jireet; and for paving certain streets intended to be built and also certain other streets and public passages and places within the parishes of Saint George and Saint John of flapping in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 23. For lighting and watching the turnpike road leading from the stones end next Blackman jireet, in the parish of Saint Alary, Newington, in the county of Surrey, to the bridge at Walworth in the same parish, and the several roads, ways, and places, therein described, communicating therewith.

Cap. 24. For expediting the sale of estates in Scotland belonging to the york buildings company, for the relief of their creditors.

Cap. 25, For widening, cleansing, and lighting, the several streets, lanes, alleys, ways, and other public passages, within the town of Wolverhampton, in the county of Stafford; and for taking down, altering, or rebuilding certain buildings therein mentioned; arvd for removing all other nuisances and encroach ments, and for regulating carts and other carriages within the said town.

Cap, 26. For registering the grants of life annuities; and for the better protection of infants against such grants.

Cap. 27. For allowing a drawback of the duties of customs on the exportation of tea to Ireland.

Cap. 28. To revive and continue such part of an acv, made in the last session of parliament, entitled. An act for allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty s sugar colonies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena, and to the other settlements belonging tojhe united company of merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, and of biscuit and peas to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with respect to adviftng or carrying into execution his Myrjlfs orders of council already made for

33

'allowing

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

allowing the exportation of wheats and other articles; as expired on the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seven ty seven' '

29. For the more effectual prevention of the manufao tjuring of aih, elder, sloe, and other leaves, in imitation of tea, and to prevent frauds in the revenue of cfccife in respect to tea.

Cap. 30. For further restraining the negotiation of protqiftbry notes, and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 31. To enable the commissioners for executing the office of treasurer of his majesty’s exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to make an agreement or composition with the feverai sureties of William Brown, and the representatives of such of the said sureties as are dead, for a debt remaining due from them to the crown, on feverai tobacco bonds, entered into and executed by such sureties respectively; and that they and their estates and effelts may be acquitted and discharged therefrom.

Cap. 32. For building a new church within the town and pari (h of Buckingham.

Cap. 33. To allow the matter dyers, within the counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent, to employ journeymen in their trade who have notferved apprenticeships thereto.

Cap. 34. For the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his maietty*s (flips of war, and on board merchant ships and other trading ships and vessels.

Cap. 35. For further continuing an at, patted in the sixth year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled. An oft to prohibit the importation of foreign wrought ftlks and velvets for a limited time, and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the flk manufacture.

Cap. 36. For enlarging the times appointed for the first meetings of commissioners or trustees for putting in execution certain acts of this lesion of parliament.

Cap. 37. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments 5 and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped j and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attor fiics and fblicitors.

Cap. 38. For railing a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred apd seven ty seven.

Cap. 39. For granting to his Majesty a duty upon all servants retainer! 6r pmployfd in the feverai capacities therein mention

‘ ‘ " ’ ' ed*

,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ed; and for repealing several rates 2nd duties upon glass, imposed by an a made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu thereof, and for the better colie&ing the duties upon glass; and for repealing the several rates and duties charged by an a made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, upon all persons and bodies politic and corporate having certain quantities of silver plate.

Cap. 40. To authorise the carrying of the captures therein mentioned into any part of his tylajcfty’s dominions in North America; and for ascertaining the value of such part of ships and goods as belong to the recaptors.

Cap. 41. To prevent the clandestine unlhipping from and receiving goods at sea on board vessels employed in the east-india company’s service; for ascertaining the manner of discharging bonds given for the due exportation of certain goods from Great Britain to foreign parts; and to oblige the matters of British or Irish ships, sailing from any of his majesty’s dominions into the Balticiy to deliver a manifesto of their cargoes to the British con ail residing there.

Cap. 42. For preventing abuses in the making and vending bricks and tiles.

Cap. 43. For repealing the eleventh rule in the book of rates, sofar as the same relates to making any allowance upon the importation of damaged currants and raisins, and for making the importer of such goods an abatement in the duties in lieu thereof; and for explaining the said rule with respect to such allowance for damage on other goods; and to permit the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the jvejl Indies, for a limited time.

Cap. 44. To continue the several laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the making of indico in the British plantations in America; to the registering the prices at which corn is sold in the several counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported; to encouraging the manufacturing of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of such bark shall exceed a certain rate; to the allowing timber and wood to be exported from the ifiand of Dminica into any other of. the British islands, colonies or plantations in America, and to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage.

Cap. 45. For allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief pf protestant purchasers.

Cap. 46. For raising a certain sum pf money by way of annuities, and for establishing a lottery.

Cap. 47. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund, and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand fcven hundred and seventy seven; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 48. For rendering more effectual an a made in the

a 4 four

'

A tasleof the STATUTES

fburteertth year of the reign of his present Majesty, fur prbniot* ing the discovery of a method for finding the longitude at seato far as relates to the encouragement and reward of persons making lesser difeoveries for finding the same or making other tafeful difeoveries and improvements in navigation; and to the tnaking of experiments relating thereto

Cap. 49. To enable the lords commissioners of his majesty’s treasury to compound a debt due to the crown from the eftateof tviliiam Harry deceased, and his furcties*

Cap. 50. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all persons acting as auctioneers and certain rates and duties on all lands, houses, goods, and other things, sold by auction; and upon indentures, leases, bonds, deeds, and other instruments.

Cap. 51. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned

Cap. 52. For better securing the duties on fope, and the duties on rum of the sugar plantations put into warehouses; and for allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as stores, to be confirmed on board merchant ships on their voyages, for a limited time.

Cap. 53* To prortiote the residence of the parochial clergy, by making provision for the more fpeedyand effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing houses, and other necessary buildings and tenements, for the use of their benefices.

Cap. 54. For defraying the expellee of building a new gaol and hire hall for the county of Wejlmoreland.

Cap. 55. For the better regulating the hat manufactory.

Cap. 56. For amending and rendering more effectual the fe veral laws now in being, for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woolien, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, Fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures; and also for making provisions to pres ent frauds by journeymen dyers.

Cap. 57. For more effectually securing the property of prints to inventers and engravers, by enabling them to sue for and recover penalties in certain cases.

Cap. 58. For enlarging the public gaol of the county of War tvicky and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 59. To repeal an act, made in the twelfth year of the teign or King Charles the Second, entitled, The master of the rolls impoivertd to make leases for years, in order to new build the old heujes belonging to the rolls; and for the better regulating the method of granting leases of the said rolls estate for the future; and for making competifation to the earl of Macclesfield, and sir the tnas seu.ch, for their beneficial rights and interests in certain leases made of the rolls estate; and for regulating the method of making la: en of the said estate for the future.

60. For enclosing nd cmbellifhing the middle part of. Herd on square, in the pari ill of Saint Leonard) Shoreditch, in the

county

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

bounty of Middlesex;; for extinguishing all right of common in and upon the said square.

'Cap. 61. To enable the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter in wejlmin/ler> to open a street from the foath end of long ditch to the north end of Smith jlrcet, and to widen part of tothiluflreety and of long ditch a sore fa id; and to widen the passage between Orchard jlreet, and the new intended street, and also to widen wood street, and'to make a more commodious entrance from the Broad Sanctuary into dean's yard within tve city and liberty of Wefminfter.

Cap. 6i. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the federal parishes of Surfleet, Gojberton, uadring, don ington% Bittery Swinejbeady Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkiri, Fofdihi Kirten> Frahxptony Wiberton, and Brotbertofty within the hundred of Kirton, in tt parts of Holland, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 63. To explain and amend an at, made in the fourteenth year of the r*ign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for paving, repairings lightings and watching the streets, and other public pajfages and places, within that part of the parijb of clerk enwell called Saint james’s, and removing objlruftions and annoyances therein 1 for widening the passage from clerkenwell green to the parijb churchy and for watching and lighting certain highways within the said parijb y for repairing the highways in the Ubi pa ribbon cleaning the said part of the bid parish; for widening the passage from glerkenwell close to Rofomarfs Streets and from Rofoman's Street to Saint John jlreet; and for building a chapel in the said parish.

Cap. 64. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint Mary Abbotts> Kenfmgton% in the county of M'tddlejex\ and fqr other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 65. For amending and rendering more effectual an aeft, made in the twenty second year of the reign of King George the Second, entitled. An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the several parishes of Sutton, mep*lt Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and a place called byal fen, in the Ifleof Ely, and county of Cambridge; and also in the parishes of Somerfham and Pidley with Fenton, in the county of Huntingdon, sofar as the same relates to the fen lands and low grounds lying in the parishes of Suttony Mepaly Witchamy Chatteris, and a place Called byal feriy in the Isle of Ely.

Cap. 66. For establishing a nightly watch within the hamlet of mile end Old Towny in the parish of Saint Dunjlan Stepney, othejwife Stebonheathy in the county of Mtddlejex.

Cap. 67. For varying and enlarging the powers of an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, r making a navigable cut or canal from the river Dee, within the liberties oj the city of Chester, to or near Middlewich, and Nantwich, in the county of Chester.

Cap. 68. For rebuilding the bridge over the river Severny at Maifemorey near the city of Gloucester, for raising, widening, and Securing Over's Causeway, leading from the said city towards

Maifi

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ajaifemore aforesaid;; for enforcing the proper paving and cleaning of the several streets within the said city, and for removing nuisances and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

Cap. 69. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Trent, in the lordlhips of Sawley and longea tonne in the county of Derby, to or near langley bridge in the counties of Derby and Nottingham.

Cap. 70. For dividing and enclosing the open common fields, meadows, dales, and common fen, within the parish dbilling* hay in the county of Lincoln; and for draining and preferring the said dales and common fen, and also certain enclosed lowlands thereto adjoining in the said parish.

Cap. 71. To enable the feoffees and trustees of an estate in the county of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff for the founding and maintaining a school and alms house? at Rugby 9 in the county of Warwick, to sell part of the fai<* estate, or to grant leases thereof, or of any part thereof, and to effeduate the other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 72. To enlarge the term ar powers of an ad, made in the second year of his present m'jefty’s reign, for repairing, widening, turning, and (horteni^g* the road leading from the turnpike yad on farrard’s Common, in the parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melkjbam9 to Roman's Style in the parish of Loycock9 in the county of Wilts and for completing a communication between the said road, and the Bath turnpike road, upon Kingff * down bill in the same county.

Cap. 73. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of so much of an ad, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain roads therein mentioned, as relates to the roads from Kighley to Wakefield and from Kighley to hauifax9 and from dulley hill through Beckwitb jhaw to kil/inghally and from Beck witkfbaw to the southwest corner of Harrogate Inclofwres9 in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 74. For repairing and widening the road from a place called crouch-killy in the parish of Henfield9 to the turnpike road leading from Brightbeimjlone to Cuckfield9 and from the east side of the said turnpike road to the town of Ditckling, in the county of Suffix.

Cap. 75. To repeal an act of the thirty third year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair several xoads leading from the market house in the town of kiddermin fter9 in the county of worcejler\ and also to repeal so much of two acts of the tenth of his late Majesty, and the seventh of his present Majesty, as relate to the road from the mitre oak to u farmhouse called Goodness; and from tuton brook to the hamlet of Wribbenhall, in the said county; and to discontinue the powers of an act of the eighth of his present Majesty; sofar as relate to the road from the Cross of the Hands near Goodness Farm to a place called The Spqut, and for more effectually amending, widening,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

log, 2nd keeping in repair, the several roads described in the first mentioned aft; and also several other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 76. For continuing the term of two acts passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth years of his late ir>2jefty King Georgs the Second, for repairing the road leading from the moji southern part of butt lane, in the parish of Lawton, in the county palatine of Chcfter to Lawton, and from thence to henshall’s Smithy, upon cranage green, in the said*county.

Cap. 77. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repair ing the roads from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the southwest corner of the enclosures 0/* Harrogate, and from thence in two branches (one through Ripley, over burage green, and the other through Knarefborough and burrough bridge) to Ripon, and front thence to the first rill of water or water courje on hutton moor, in the county of York, and for repairing the sloughs or ruts on the said moor; sofar as the same relates to the road leading from the ibuth west corner of the enclosures of Harrogate (through Knaref* borough) to borough bridge

Cap. 78. For enlarging the term and continuing the powers of two acts of parliament, one passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled. An act for repairing the roads from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the southwest corner of the enclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches (one through Ripley, over burage green, and the other through Knarelborough and Boroughbridge, to Ripon, and from thence to the jirjl rill of water or watercourse on hutton moor, in the county of York, and for repairing the sloughs or ruts on the said moor; and the other passed in the twenty-ninth year of his said majesty’s reign, to explain and amend the said first mentioned aft; with respect to the road from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the southwest corner of the enclosures of Harrogate.

Cap. 79. For continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the borough of Saltash, in the tounty of Cornwall.

Cap. 80. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts of parliament, one passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled. An act for repairing the roads from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the southwest corner of the enclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches (one through Ripley, over burage green, and the other through Knarefborough and borough bridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the first rill of water or watercourse on hutton moor, n the county of York, and for repairing the sloughs or ruts on the said moor; and the other passed in the twenty ninth year of his said majesty’s reign, to explain and amend the said first mentioned aft: wi^h respect to those parts of the said roads from Harrogate,

through

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

through Ripley and Ripon, to the northeast corner of hutto moor, and from the east ehd of Kir by bill moor to the town of Ripon a sore fa id.

Cap. 81. For continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late Majesty, ir repairing the highroad leading from Brent Bridge, i the county a/devon, to gaflring gate, in or near the borough of Plymouth, in the said county.

Cap. 82. For enlarging the term and powers of three several acts of parliament, for repairing the roads therein mentioned in the county of Burts, sofar as the said acts relate to the road from the west end of the town of Wendover to the end of a lane called oak lane, next the great road, called The Oxford Road; and also half a mile of road next from the river Colne towards Beconsfield, in the said county.

Cap. 83. For continuing the term of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, yir repairing and widening the road from the top of harnham hill, near the city New Sarum, in the county Wilts, through the towns of Blandford

Forum and Dorchester, to a certain entrenchment on afker well hill, in the county tf/dorfer, and from the indexpoft on the side f harnham hill aforesaid to a house called Matter baker’s Farmhouse, in the said county of Wilts.

Cap. 84. For enlarging the term and continuing the powers granted by an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from a place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagftiot, in the county of Surrey, to hertford bridge hill, in the county 0/* Southampton.

Cap. 85. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts, passed.. the second and twenty second years of his late majesty’s reign, for repairing the several roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Leominjler, in the county of Hereford

Cap. 86. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging several of the powers contained in an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, sofar as the same relate to the road from the turnpike road between the town and county of Pool and ivinborn minjur, in the county of Dorset, to the turnpike road in the parish of Brianjlon, in the said county of dor ft, which leads from blandford forum to Dorchejler.

Cap. 87. For enlarging the terms and powers of twro acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty sixth years of his late majesty’s seign, for repairing the road leading from Ealand to the * town of Leeds, in the west riding of the county of fork.

Cap. 88. For enlarging the term and altering the powers of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of hft late Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads therein mentioned, in the counties of ivarwick and Oxford, sofar as relates to the road from the gui e post in the village of Adderbury, through Kidlington, to the midway leading towards the city of Oxford.

Cap. 89. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty sixth) ear of the reign of his late majesty King George

the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the Second, for repairing and widening the road from The halfway house, in the phrijb of Lower Crompton, in the county of Dorset, through the towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the east end of the town of Axminster, in 'the county of Devon, and fveral other reads round the town of Yeovil, in the county of so merfet; and for amending two roads leading from Vagg Hollow, in the parish of Yeovill\ and the road from Chard to cheefeway efh\; m.d.. from white Down to perry flreety in Charily and from thence to the turnpike road near Tytbcrleigb lnny in the said county of Dorset.

Cap. 90. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairings and amending the roadifrom the town 0/* Halifax, and from sowerby bridge, in tie county of York, by Todmorden to Burnley and Lit tleborough, in the county 0/xancafter,

Cap. 91. For repairing and widening the road leading front the Maypole, in the town of Henfield, over Poynings common, to the town of Brightbelmftone\ and frorri Poynings common aforesaid, to high crofsy in the parish of Albourne; and from thence, for the distance of two furlongs of the road or lane leading towards Twineham; and from the marl pit near the bottom of saddlefcombe hill, in the parish of Newtimber, to the marl pit fronting Newtimber Broad Lane, in the same parish, in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 92. For repealing so much of two aefts made in the eleventh and seventeenth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading to and from the town of Derby, in the county of Derby, as relates to the road leading from the gaol bridge in the said town of Derby, through the town of Ajbborne, to hurdloe house in the said county, for making more effectual provision for the repair of the said road; and for enabling the trustees to alter part of the course of the present road between Ajbborne and the new inn turnpike.

Cap. 93. For continuing the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign ot his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the eighteen mile fone beyond willoughby hedge, through the town of Mere, in the county of Wilts, and through Wincanton, to charlton houthorn, and from thence to milburne port; and from willoughby hedge aforesaid to the west end 0/* long lane, in Kilmington; and from Wincanton aforesaid ta the Sherborn turnpike crofsrgate on cattle hill, and. i from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 94. For repairing and widening the road from stall gate Clofti at the southwest end of the town of Bedford, to the town of Ampthill; and from the said town of Ampthill to Woburn Parks in the county of Bedford 5 and also the road branching out of the same in Rempftonfteld to the turnpike rdad leading from Hitcbin to the said town of Bedford.

Cap. 95. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an a of parliament, made in the twenty ninth year

of

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading from and near the town of Brewton, in the county of Somerset, and for repairing and widening the street from the north or northeast end of Coombe jlreet, along Patwett jlreet, in the said town of Brewton, to the south or southeast side of z)jr moncfs River.

Cap. 96. To enlarge the term and powers of an af, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the several roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the town of Monmouth.

Cap. 07. For repealing an, act, made in the twenty seventh year of nis late majesty King George the Second, for amending,, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading from union point, near the town of Uckfield, in the county tf/'sussex, to langney abridge in the parish of West ham, in the said county, and for more effectually repairing the said road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road from the side gate on the horje bridge turnpike road, in the parish of Heltinglyy to the turnpike road leading from cross in band to Burwash, in the said county.

Cap. 98. For repairing and widening the road from comb bridge, through Winfley and Bradford, to staverton bridge, and to the Trowbridge road on ajhton common, and also the road from bradford bridge to cockhill gate, all in the county of Wilts; and for making effectual provision for maintaining a bridge over the river Avon at Stokeford, in the same county.

Cap. 99. For amending and keeping in repair the road from the town of jvarminjlery in the county of Wilts, to a place where the roads to Bath and Brijlol divide; and from the town of From to the town of Beckington, in the county of Somerset 5 and for repealing an as, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, relating to the said roads; and for repairing the road from or near the red lion in the parish of Wooherton, in the said county of Somerset, to rode bridge, and from the said bridge to the turnpike road leading from trow bridge by white trough to Beckington afore said.

Cap. 100. For repairing and widening several roads leading to and from the towns of Bala and Dolgelly, in the county of Merionethy and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Montgomery, Denbigh and Salop.

Cap. 101. For repealing so much of three as, made in the eleventh, seventeenth, and thirty third years of the reign of King J George the Second, for repairing several roads leading to and ] from the town of Derby, in the county of Derby, as relates to the I road leading from the north side of cwendi/b bridge, in the said] ] of Derby, through the said town of Derby to Bfafpngten, in the said county; and for making more effectual provision for the repair of the said Foad.

Cap. 102. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Skipton, to the turnpike road leading from Leeds to Ripen, near okbecky in the townftiip of Bilton, with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the road leading from Knarejh

rough

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

rough to Wetherby, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 103. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading from Crookbill, in the pari Qi of Chic krill, to the turnpike road leading from Bridport to Bridport Harbour, and several other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Dorset.

Cap. 104. For more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair several roads therein mentioned, leading from a gate in the town and county of Pools, called pool gate, and for repealing two acts of parliament of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of his late Majesty relating to the said roads; and alio for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned, towards paving and repairing * certain street or way within the said town and county.

Cap. 105. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading from the turnpike road in the parish of ajlball, in the county of Oxford, to the turnpike road at or near buckland, in the county of Berks.

Cap. 106. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York, to the town of Sheffield, in the same riding.

Cap. 107. For repairing and widening several roads in the county of Dumfreis*, and for converting the statute labour within the said county into money; and for applying the same towards repairing the highways within the same county.

Cap 108. For amending the road from the southeast end of the town of Loughborough, in the county of Leicester, to derby bridge, near The Rujfhes, and from the said bridge to the south end of cavendish bridge, in the same county.

Cap. 109. For enlarging the term and powers of an a, made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the city of Lincoln; and for repairing and widening the roads from the termination of the present turnpike road, at the foot o Bracebridge bridge, over the said bridge, westward, to the extremity of the county of Lincoln, near a place called potter bill 5 and. from the termination of the present turnpike road at the foot of canwick hill, southward, to a windmill at the top of the said hill.

Cap. no. For repairing and widening the road from Gate jbead, in the county of Durham, to the church lane near Ryton Longhead \ and from the bar moor to the Hexham turnpike road near Dilflon bar, in the county of Northumberland; and also the sroad from mickley bank to lead hill or silver hill, and for making a road cross certain grounds belonging to Crozier Surtees esquire, in the parish of Ryton, in the county of Durham.

Cap. hi. For enlarging the term and powers of an at made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Tal y Cafo Ferry, in the county of Caernarvon, and through the towns oj con way, Bangor, and Caernarvon, to the town of Pwllhely, in the same county; and also for repairing and widening the roads from C Tal

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Taly Cafn Ferry aforesaid, on the Denbighjhire side of the River Ccnway, to join the turnpike road between Conway and Saint Afaph, at a place called Sarny Mynech; and from the turppike road between Bangor and Conway, at the village of Abtr, over Bwlcky Ddwyfaen Mountain to Tal y Cafn ferry aforesaid, and from thence to the town of Llanrwd in the county of Denbigh,

PRIVATE ACTS.

I. A Nafl for dividing and enclosing the commons and wade

il grounds in the manor and parish of Crowntborfef in the county of Norfolk.

2. An act for naturalising Andreas Gottlieb.

3. An act for naturalising Gilles Prudent Melaffe*

4. An act for naturalising Dorothea Margreta Hartman.

5. An act for naturalising Paul Johan Cbrijlian Tax and Join Vallientine Gottlieb.

6. An act for vetting the several redtories, parsonages, church, and chapels, of Rockburney Beeamore, South Charford, Hasty jvhitfbury, and <2>uidejiey% with the glebe lands, tithes, and other appurtenances, thereto respectively belonging, part of the settled estate of the most noble George Duke of Mancbejler, in truftetf, upon certain trutts therein expressed;; for settling other lands and hereditaments of the said Duke, in lieu thereof to the several uses therein mentioned.

7. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, common meadows, and common pattures, within the manor and parish of Thorpe Malfor, in the county of Northampton.

8. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and watte grounds, in the parish of Tanfor, in the county cf Northampton.

9. An act to enable the mayor, aldermen, and burgesses, of the town of Great Torrington, in the county of Devon, and other trustees, to grant part of the common or watte lands called Great Torrington common, to fvilliam Callon9 pursuant to an agreement for that purpose, and other the purposes therein mentioned,

10. An act for dividing and enclosing an open watte or common, called ivejlergate common, in the parish of Aldingborne9 id the county of Sujfcx.

11. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pattures, commons, or watte grounds, within the lordship or liberty and parish of Hatherney in the county of Leicester.

12. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields and mci* (lows within the parish of shep[bead% in the county of Leittfitr9 r the common ground lying within the ring fence of the lame L and adjoining thereto, within the fiune parish $ and alio

fcvciil

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

several closes or parcels of land and groupd, called The Carrs and Michaelmas grounds, within the said parish.

13. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parish of Holcot, in the county of Northampton.

14. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and waste grounds within the manor or lord (hi pot King's Meaburn, in the parish of Moreland, in the county of wejlmorelantl.

15. An act for dividing and enclosing a certain piece of common or waste ground, lying in the villages of Horncliff and horn cliff Lane End, in the parish of Norham, in the county of Durham,

16. An act for dividing and enclosing several commons or waste grounds, open common fields, undivided indosures, and other commonable lands, within the manor and parish of thor err, in the west riding of the county of York.

17. An act for dividing and enclosing the moors, commons, or waste grounds, within the township of Rednaly in the parish of ivefl Felton, in the county of Salop.

18. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and commons, within the parish'of Tempsford, in the county of Bedford.

19. An act to enable John Fames, a minor, and his issue, to take apd use the surname of Waighty purfilant to the will of John Waight esquire, deceased.

20. An act for naturalising George William Soltau, Gerhard Berckj Htnry Albrecht Hammelburg, apd Gunter Henry Kroger,

21. An act for naturalising Ernejl Bernerd Banning.

22. An act for naturalising John Centlivres.

23. An act for naturalising Marcellin Pernoud.

24. An act for naturalising William Aguiton.

25. An act for naturalising Willem Vlught.

26. An act for naturalising Horace Cattaneo and Francis Gaudot.

27. An act for vesting certain estates of Robert Ladbroke esquire, in the City of London, and counties of Middlesex, Northampton, Berks, and Warwick, in truftoes, to be sold; and for laying out the moneys to arise thereby in the pqrchafe of other manors, lands, and hereditaments* to be settled to the same uses as the said settled estates now stand limited.

28. An act to discharge certain copyhold premises, in the parish of Hejlon, in the county of Middlesex, from the uses and trusts thereof, declared by the will of Mary Wotton deceased; and to subject and charge the same copyhold premises, and also certain freehold lands lying contiguous thereto, within the said parish, with the payment of a perpetual yearly rent charge of twelve pounds to the Reverend John Gibson clerk, and his successors, vicars of the said parish, for the use of the poor df the same parish; and for settling and afturing the same premises so charged in the trustees of Rupert Clarke esquire, upon the trusts therein mentioned.

29. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Robert

you XXXI Jb Grim

A T ABLE of the ST ATUTES.

Kytintjion esquire, at Thtving and Osten, in the parish of Tbwinj upon the Woulds, in the east riding of the county of Yor^ tr. the said Robert Grimflon, in fee simple; and for settling aiveftate of the said Robert Grimflon, in the township of Nefwick, in the parish of Bainton, in the said east riding of the county of York, of greater value in lieu thereof; and for other purposes.

30. An at for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, and other unincloied grounds, within the township of Tunftall in Holdernefs, in the east riding of the county of York.

31. An act for dividing, allotting, and indosing, the open and common fields, meadows, and pastures, in the parish of Syfim, in the county of Leicester, and several parcels of uninclosed land, in the parish of Barkby, in the said county of Leicester, lying within the ring of the said fields.

32. An act for dividing and allotting the several open and common fields, pastures, and other uninclosed grounds, within the township of Boynton, in the east riding of the county of York.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing a common moor, or trad of waste ground, called Lees Fell, otherwise Morralee, and Strutber's Gommon, and Hagbank, within the barony or manor of Langley, and in the parish of Warden, in the county of Northumberland.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing the commonable lands and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Compton Bishop, commonly called or known by the name of Cross Moor alias Charles Moor, in the county of Somerset.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Swinflsad, and county of Lincoln.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, common pastures, waste grounds, and commonable places, in the parish of Duntifborne Abbotts, in the county of Gloucejier.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, within the parish of Kirniugton otherwise Kirmington, in the county of Lincoln.

38. An act for dividing and inclosing the several commons and waste grounds within the manor of Sbirland, in the county of Derby.

39. An act for dividing and inclosing the several commons and waste grounds within the manor of Strettyn, in the parishes of Notthwingfield and Morton, in the county of Derby.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows

and grounds, in the parish oi jvintborpe, in the county of Nottingham. \

41. An act for dividing, allotting, and indosing, certain com mom or waste lands, lying in the parish of Huntspill, in the county of Somerset $ alio certain moors, called Land Moor otherwise Coat Moor and Gold Corner, lying in .or near the said parish of Huntfpill and Cofjfugm, in the said county.

. An

* I

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

42. An act for dividing, enclosing, arid improving Wallingfenf in the oast riding of trie county of fort,

43. An act for dividing, enclosing, aligning, and allotting, the open and common field, and commonable land, lying within

the liberties, territories, and precinets, bf Ludgerjhally in the »

county of Buckingham.

44. An act for dividing and enclosing several open fields and stinted pastures, within the township of Bugthorpt, in the county of Yorks and for exempting the lands, tenements, and front fteads, within the parish of Bugthorpe, from the payment of tithes, and other ecclesiastical dues and for other purposes therein contained.

45. An act for dividing and enclosing Fremington Edge and Fremington Moor and certain waste grounds in the township of Fremington, in the parish of Grinton, in the north riding of the county of York.

46. An act for dividing and enclosing Ayfgartb Pajlurt and jfyjgarth Moor or Common, in the township and parish of Ayfgarth* in the north riding of the county of York.

47. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Potter Harris esquire, with Elizabeth Martha Chicheley Plowden, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again $ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

48. An act to enable Jervoife Clarke esquire, and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname and arms of Jervoise, pursuant to the will of Thomas Jervoife esquire, deceased.

49. An act to enable the archbishop of Canterbury and Daniel Ponton esquire, to grant building leases, pursuant to an agreement entered into for that purpose.

50. An act for vesting'in the right honourable Robert Speneer, commonly called lord Robert Spencer and the most noble George duke of Malborough, one of the knights companions of the most noble order of the garter, and the heirs and atligns of the said duke of Malborough, the settled estates of the said lord Robert Speneer, situate in the county of Lincoln.

51. An act for sale of part of the settled estate of sir Thomas Broughton baronet, situate in the county of Stafford; and for purchasing other estates, situate in the county ot Chejler9 to be settled to the same uses; and for extinguishing the said sir Thomas Broughton's power of making leases for lives, as to part of his settled estate in the county of Chester, and making such recom penceto him for the same as therein is mentioned.

52. An act to enable John Barneivall Curfon esquire, to settle a jointure upon any woman or women he may hereafter marry.

53. An act to enable Thomas Asfuton Smith esquire, and William Henry ai/heton Smith his brother, to grant building, improving, and other leases of the estates deviled by the will of William Smith esquire, deceased.

54. An act for vesting the undivided moiety of the reverend Henry Osman clerk, and Mary his wife, of and in certain lands

b 2 and

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

and hereditaments, in the pariftiof Kings Langley, in the county of Hertford, in trustees, to be sold; arrd for applying part of the money arifmg by such sale in discharge of an encumbrance upon he said moiety; and for laying out the residue thereof in the purchase of entire messuages, lands, or hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same uses.

55. An at for establishing and confirming exchanges of diverse mdfuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate, (landing, lying, and being, within the hamlet of kvighthill, in the parish of Tackley, in the county of Oxford, pursuant to articles of agreement between the president and scholars of Corpus Chriffi Coliege, in the uriiverfity of Oxford, and Simon fvifdome esquire; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

56. An act to enable the president and scholars of the college of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the university of Oxford, to grant building leases of certain ground, messuages, houses, and buildings, in the pafifti of Saint John Southwark, in the county of Surrey,

57. An act to enable the feoffees and trustees of an estate in the county of Aftddlesex, given by Lawrence sheriff\for the founding and maintaining a school and almfhoufes at Rugby, in the county of Warwick to sell part of the said estate, or to grant leases thereof, or of any part thereof; and to effeduate the other purposes therein mentioned.

58. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and waste grounds within the manor of Bolton, in the county of Cumberland.

59. An act for dividing and enclosing certain commons and wastes within the manor of Egremont, in the county of Cumberland.

60. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and waste grounds, within the townships, villages, or hamlets of Carleton,

'Brifco, and Wreay, within the manor or lordship of Botchardgate, otherwise Prior Lordship, in the pari flies of Saint Cuthbert carufe* and Saint Mary Carlisle. in the county of Cumberland.

61. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, nd waste grounds, in Naffington, Yarwell, Apethorpe, and jvocd newton, within the prebend or peculiar of Woffington, in the county of Northampton.

62. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, heaths, half year lands, and other commonable meadows, pastures, and grounds, within the parish of Little Creffingham, in the county of Norfolk.

63. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons, or waste lands, within the manor of fvhiuington, in the county of Salop.

64. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several moors, commons, and waste grounds, lying within the manor and parish of Farlam, in the county of Cumberland. '

65. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the several moors, commons, and waste grounds, lying within the manor and parish of Brampton, in the county of Cumberland.

66. An act for dividing, enclosing, and improving, certain

coma

TABLE of the STATUTES.

commons, lands, and grounds, in the township of Tthjbelfy in the county of Derby.

67. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Wejlon under Wetheley, in the county of Warwick.

68. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Condicote, in the county of Glmcefter.

69. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the commons

and waste lands, within the parish of Wreningham9 in the county, of Norfolk. 1

70. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing.. old whole year enclosures, common fields, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Carlton Rode, inthecounty of Norfolk.

71. An act for dividing and enclosing certain tracts of waste grounds, moors, or commons, within the manor and barony of Prudeboty and parish of Ovinghamy in the county of Northumberland.

72. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields and commonable places of and within the parish of Welfordy in the county of Northampton.

73. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and commonable lands within the manor and parish of Stanton Saint John, in the county of Oxford.

74. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common field and commonable lands lying within the townships and liberties of Great Bourton and Little Bourtony in the parish of Cropredy, in the county of Oxford.

75. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the dole or heath lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Felthorpe, in the county of Norfolk.

76. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in several ty, the open common fields, common meadows, common downs, waste lands, and commonable places, within the parish of Market Latrington, in the county of Wilts.

77. An act for dividing and enclosing a common or moor, called Howtell Common alias Houfedon, in the parish of kirknew iony in the county of Northumberland.

78. An act for confirming exchanges of lands and tithes of and in the open and uninclosed common fields, within the manor and parish of Wendover, in the county of Buckingham; and for establishing and securing certain annual payments in lieu of tithes.

79. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and waste grounds, and certain common fields, and also two mosses, called jvaitham Moss and Hilderjione Moss, within the manor of tea lands, in the parish of Warton, and county palatine of Lancaster.

80. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, lying and being in Wykeham and Caudwelly in the

parish

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

parhh of Rothley, in the county of Leicejter.

81. An act for dividing and enclosing three feverjl moors or commons, called Low Gatherley Moor, Moor Holmey and The High Moory (ituate in the several townships of Kirkby raven worth, Ravenfworth, and Wajhton, in the parish of Kirkby Ravenfi worth, in the north riding of the county of York.

82. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Braithwaite esquire, with Elisabeth Browney his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

83. An act to enable William Kilborn and his issue male to take and use the surname of Burrowesy pursuant to the will of John Burrowes deceased.

84.. An act for vesting the real estates late of Ann Phillips spinster, now the wife of Henry Barnes gentleman, comprised in their marriage settlement, (ituate in the county of Salcpy in trustees, to be sold; and for applying the purchase money for the purposes in the a mentioned.

85. An act for vesting in trustees and their heirs certain estates of Philip Jones, and Robert Berkley, esquires, in the counties of Kent and Sujfexy in order to sell the same, and, with part of the purchase money, to discharge certain encumbrances thereon; and for laying out the residue of the purchase money in the purchase of other eftatdfc, to be settled to the same uses as the said estates to be sold (land limited.

86. An act for discharging part of the settled estates of Thomas Hull esquire, in the counties of Dorset and Devon, from thenfes and trusts of his marriage settlement; and for settling other estates, in the county of Devony in lieu thereof; and for other purposes.

87. An afor uniting and better regulating the charities of Nathaniel Waterhoufey within the town and parish of Halifaxy in the west riding of the county of York.

88. An act for vesting certain pieces or parcels of ground and hereditaments, in the county of Kenty part of the settled estate of William Wheatley esquire, in trustees, to be sold to sir Sampfm Gideon baronet, pursuant to agreement; and for laying out the money arising by sale thereof in the purchase of other lands or hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses.

89. An act for vesting certain messuages and hereditaments, in the several parishes of Kirkwhelpingtony Lswicky and Simonburney in the county of Northumberland, late part of the estate of sir John Swinburne baronet, deceased, in trustees and their heirs, in trust, to be sold, discharged from the uses, trusts, charges, and powers, ir the will of the said John Swinburne mentioned; and for applying the money to arise by sale thereof in manner therein mentioned; and for other purposes therein expressed.

90. An act to enable William Jackson and Hannah his wife to carry into execution an agreement for sale of certain hereditaments, fituateat or near Barney, in the county of Norfolk (being their settled estate) to Richard Reeve the younger, gentleman; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase

of

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of other hnds and hereditaments to be settled to the uses to which the said settled estate doth now stand limited.

91. An act for vesting certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the isle of Wight, the settled estate of Elizabeth Trattle of Cardiff, \ in the county of Glamorgan Widow j and also a certain meltuage, and lands and hereditaments, of the warden and scholars, clerks of Saint Maty College of jvinthe jler, near Winchejier, in the county of Southampton, in trustees, in trust, to sell and convey part of the said settled estate, and also the said estate of the said warden and scholars, clerks, to sir Richard Worsley baronet; and other part of the said settled estates, to the said warden and scholars, clerks; and to apply part of the money arising from such sale, in paying off an encumbrance affecting part of the said settled estate; and for laying out the residue of the said money in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses;; to enable the said warden and scholars, clerks, to take a conveyance of that part of the said fettledeftates intended to be conveyed to them.

92. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of William Weddell esquire, in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of lands and hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

93. An act for vesting the real and personal estate of John

Harvey gentleman, a lunatic, in trustees, in trust, to sell so much thereof as will be fumcient for the payment of the debts and legacies of John Harvey, his late father deceased; and for other purposes therein mentioned. '

94. An act for repealing an ad, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for vesting'the manors lands, and tenements, both freehold and leasehold, comprised in the marriagefettlement of Charles Baldwin esquire, in trujlees,, to be sold; and for laying out the money arising by such Jale in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses whicn are now fubffiing with regard to the said freehold Jettled fiats; and for settling the said manors, lands, and tenements, to new and other uses.

95. An act for rendering valid and effectual a partition between Taylor ivkite esquire, and Sarah his wife, and Thomas Fowie esquire, and Ann his wife, of several estates in the counties of Huntingdon, Leicester, Cambridge, Essex and Kent; and or vesting and settling the same to the uses, and upon the trusts, contained in their respective marriage settlements; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

96. An act for confirming and eftabliftiing an exchange agreed to be made between the right honourable George lord Onflow and Cranley, and William Luck gentleman, and Edmund Luck bis son.

97. An act for vesting the freehold estates, in the counties of Hereford and Monmouth, devised by the will of Thomas Chamber

a layne.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

laynt esquire, deceased, in Richard Comb esquire, in fee simple; and for settling other estates of the said Richard Comb, in the county of Somerset, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

98. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain common or waste ground, called Halton Moor, in the township of Halt on, in the manor of Templenewfam, in the parish of ivtit kirke, in the west riding of the county of Tori.

99. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Great Sturton, in the county of Lincoln.

100. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, certain commons or waste grounds, within the several townships of' Kingjley, Newton near Kingsley, Norley, and Crowton, in the parishes of Frodjham and Weaverbam, in the county of Chcfler.

101. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of sir wilhom Hamilton and dame Catherine his wife in trustees, to sell or exchange the same; and for laying out the money to arise by le thereof, in the purchase of other mefiuages, lands, or hereditaments, to be settled to the same uses.

102. An act for sale of the settled estate of Philip Egerton esquire, in the county of Flint; and for investing the money in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the same uses.

103. An act to confirm and establish articles of agreement,

for a partition or division of lands and hereditaments, in the' counties of Northampton and Warwick, the estates of John Clarke esquire, and Mary his late wife, deceased \ for settling the ' same to the uses therein mentioned. \

104. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open fields, arable lands, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor of Killamarjb, in the county of Derby.

105. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the several parishes and liberties of Whilton, Norton, and Brockkally or in foire or one of them, in the 9ounty of Northampton.

106. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fields, common meadows, pastures, and common downs, in the parishes of Shireborne and Wtndrush, in the county of Gloucester.

107. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, common meadows, and common pastures, in the manor and parilhof Grafton Underwood, in the county of Northampton.

108. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, fens, heath, and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Metheringham, in the county of Lincoln.

109. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open common fields, meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Candlejby, in the county of Lincoln.

no. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and waste lands, and a dinted pasture, in the township of new/bam, in the north riding of the county of Tori.

; II Aq

A TABLE of the St attjtes.

In. An act for dividing and inclosing several open common fields, common pastures, ings, common, and other waste lands and grounds, within the township and manor of Barmby upon ibe Moor, in the east riding of the county of York.

112. An act for dividing and inclosing several open common arable fields, wolds', commons, and waste grounds, in the town ships of North Newbald and South Newbald, within the parish of North Newbald, in the county of York.

113. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor, parish, and liberties of kiuefby, in the county of Northampton.

114. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open arable fields, meadow and pasture grounds, and the common or moor, within the townftiip of Thornton, in the parish of Fojhn, in the north riding of the county of York.

115. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, forest, and waste grounds, in the parish of Fbrnsfield, in the county of Nottingham.

116. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of Brampton, in the county of Lincoln.

117. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the parifties of Halam and Edingley, in the county of Nottingham.

118. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of Leadenham, in thi county of Lincoln.

119. An act for dividing, allotting, and indosing, certain open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, downs, commons, and other commonable lands, within the townftiip of Uffington, and the hamlets of Baulking and ivoolfton, otherwise Wooboerjlon, and within the hamlets of Kingjlon Life and Fawler, in the county of Berks.

120. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, mesne inclosures, commons, or waste grounds, within the townftiip of Monkbret tonne other wise Burton, in the parish of roy fttni, in the west riding of the county of York.

121. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and certain commonable lands, within the parish of farm borough otherwise Farnborough, in the county of Berks.

122. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields and commonable grounds within the parish of Gilmorton, in the county of Lcitejler.

123. An act for dividing, allotting, and indosing, the open and Common fields, commonable lands, cow pasture, or ftirub, towngreen, heath, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of jvefion Colville, in the county of Cambridge.

124- An act for dividing and inclosing the moors, commons, or waste grounds, within the manors of Bafchurch, Herat'yt Stanwardiue in the wood, jvefion, Lulling field, and Stanwardim w

Vol. XXXI

C

the

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

tie fields or some of them, in the county of Salop.

125. An act for dividing allotting the open and commoij fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable grounds, in the tithings or liberties of Ramfiury Town, parktoum* Whittonditch, Eaftridge* and Baydon* within the manor of Ramfburyy in the county of Wilts.

126. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open fields, common pastures, and moor, or common, in the parifii of Bulmer in the north riding of the county ot York.

1, 27. An act for dividing, and enclosing cr0]ton Wood otherwise Corveton Wood or Common within the manor of Corfton .otherwise Corverton, and parish of Diddlebury* in the county of Salop; and for making a boundary or ring fence against a certain Open and uninclosed ground, in the manor of Corpbam* withii) the same parish.

128. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common pafiures, common meadow, and other commonable lands and grounds, of and within the manor and parish of Shears afoby, in the county of Northampton.

129. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pafiures, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Bleqfby* in the county of Nottingham.

130. An act for dividing and enclosing the feyeral commons and wafie grounds, within the manor and parish of Ipjlonei* in the county of Stafford.

131. An act to diflolvc the marriage of George Carpenter esquire, earl of Tyrconnel in the kingdom of Ireland with the right honourable lady Frances Manners his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

132. An act to enable William Dutton esquire, his first and other fons, and their issue male, to take, use, and bear, the name and arms of Naper* pursuant to the will of James Lenox Dutton esquire, deceased 5 and for making the exemplification of the will and codicil of the said James Lenox Dutton, under the great seal of Great Britain evidence in all courts of law and equity in fsreat Britain and Ireland.

133. An act to enable Isaac Martin Rebow esquire, to take and use the furnameof Martin pursuant to the yvill of Matthew Martin esquire, deceased'

'An act for naturalising Maria Perry.

135. An act for naturalising Charles Morris Klanert.

136. An act for vesting an undivided moiety of certain freehold and copyhold estates, late of Dame Elizabeth Pettys* deceased, in trustees, to convey and surrender the same respectively, pursuant to an agreement for the sale thereof; and for laying out the money in the purchafepf other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses.

137. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, several commons, moors, or waste grounds, and open common fields, ip the township of Barnjley* within the parish of Silkjhn* in the county of York.

138. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

138. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fields, common meadows, (tinted pasture, and commonable lamia, within the parish of Bari Stoke, in the county of llrilts,

139. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable grounds, in the manor and parish of ajbton Keynes, in the cpuoty of Wilts.

140- An act for dividing and enclosing the common fen, common marsh, common fields, and waste grounds, in the parish of Surfleet, in the county of Lincoln.

141. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open common fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the townships of Cantley, Brampton, bcjjacarr, and High Eliers, within the several manors of Brampton and bejjacarr, in the parish of Cantley, in the west riding of the county of York.

142. An act for dividing anc) enclosing the several open fields, carrs, ings, or meadow grounds, and commons, or waste grounds, within the townships of Melbourn and Storthwaite, within the manor of Melbourn with Storthwaite, in the parish of Thornton, in the cast riding of the county of Tori.

143. An act for dividing and enclosing the common or waste

ground, called Shapwich Moor or Sbapwick Turf Moor, in th? parish of Sbaflwifk, in tfie county of Somerftt.,

-

THE

STATUTES at Large, V

Anno regni G E O R g11 III Regis, nee Britannia, Franc,,

decimoseptimo.

AT the parliament begun and held at west minster, the twenty-ninth day of November, Anno Domini 1774, in the fifteenth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the graceofgod, ofgrta.t Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C And from thence continued by federal prorogations, to the thirty sirs day of October, 1776} being the third session of the fourteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for granting an aid to hit Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the ferrice of the year one thotifand seven hundred and ferenty seven. At four billings in the pound,

CAP. II

An a for continuing and granting to hit Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven.

CAP. III

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion $ for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. IV

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

CAP. V

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint Mary Iftington, in the county of Middlesex, and for building a jrorkhoufe for the said panih.

Vol. XXXI

CAP.

Y

*96 Anno decimo septimo georgii III C 6. [1777.

CAP. VI

An act for vejling in David Hartley esquire, bis executors, admini jirators, assigns, the foie use and property of a certain method ' by him invented offecuring buildings againji the calamities of fire,

throughout his Majestys dominions, for a limited time.

Preamble * AH E R E A S bis most excellent mojtfly King George the third,

reciting hu VV by his let ten patent, under the great seal of Great Britain, tertpatcinto date the first day of April, in the thirteenth year of bis reign,

David Hartley did give and grant unto David Hartley, of Golden Square, in tb esq. parish of Saint James, in the county of Middlesex, esquire, his executors,

adminijlrators, and ajsigns, the full power, foie privilege, and authority, of making, ufeng, exercising, and vending, a certain parti cular method by him invented, of securing buildings and Ships againji the calamities of fire, within that part of bis Majtjlfs kingdom of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick, upon Tweed, and atfo in bis Majejlfs colonies and plantations abroad, for the term of fourteen years; with a proviso, obliging the aid David Hartley, by writing under his hand and Jeal, to cause a particular deferiptton of the nature of the j'aid invention to be inr oiled in his Majejlfs high court of Chancery, within four months after the date of the said recited letters patent: and whereas the said David Hartley did, in pursuance of the said proviso, cause a particular description of the said invention to be enrolled in the said high court of Chancery, upon the twenty fourth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousandjeven hundred and seventy three: which defer ip ti: n is in the words and form, or to the effet following \ that is to Jay,

Description of TV/TY invention of a particular method of securing buildings the nature of xvx and ships against the Calamities of fire, is described in the invention, manner following; that is to say, 4k By the application of plates 44 of metal and wire varnished or unvarnished, to the several 44 parts of buildings and ships, so as to prevent the access of fire, 44 and the current of air, securing the several Joints by doubling 44 in, overlapping, soldering, rivetting, or in any other manner 44 closing them up, nailing, ferewing, sewing, or in any other 44 manner fattening the said plates of metal, into and about the 44 several parts of buildings and ships, as the case may require

And whereas the said David Hartley hath, with great attention and labour, prosecuted, and is Jhll prosecuting, a variety of experiments in order to per sell the said invention: and whereas the said David Hartley hath employed great sums of money out of his own private fortunt, and mujl necessarily advance jtill larger sums before the said invention can be completed, and rendered of general public utility xas well by fm os land: and whereas it will not be in the power of the said David Hartley to carry his invention into complete execution, so as to render the same of the highejl utility to the public of which it is capable, nor 'W there be any reasonable prospect to the said David Hartley of It

1777-1 Anno decimo septimo Gkorgii III C 297

tng reimbursed the fumsof money already by him expended andadvanc edy and the furtherfum necessarily to be by him expended and advaneed, or of obtaining a proper return and recompense for so important an invention, unless the term granted by the said Utters patent be prolong edj and his property in the [aid invention secured not only within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and his Majeflfs colonies and plan cations abroad, but also within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for such time as may enable him to obtain an adequate recompense for bis labour, time, and expense: to the end therefore that the said David Hartley may be enabled and encouraged to prosecute and complete his said invention, Jo that the public may reap ail the adxmntages to be derived therefrom in their fulleji extent \ may it please your tnoft excellent Majesty (at the humble petition and request of the said David Hartley) that it may be enacted; and, be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the palling of this act, The foie pri the/ull power, foie privilege, and authority of making, using, yilegeof make exercising, and vending the said invention herein before partio, e -

cularly described, except as to ships within the kingdom of fa£j invention Great Britain, and his majesty’s colonies and plantations abroad, vetted in da shall be, and are hereby declared to be, vested in the said David Hartley, Hartley, his executors, administrators, and assigns, for and during &eca‘r[°r 31 the term of thirty-one years \ and that he the said David Hartley * y his executors, administrators, and assigns, and every of them, by himself and themselves, or by his and their deputy or deputies, servants or agents, or such others as he the said David Hartley, his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall at any time agree with, and no others, from time to time, and at all times, during the term of years herein before mentioned, shall and lawfully may make, use, exercise, and vend the said invention, within the kingdom of Great Britain, and in his majesty’s colonies and V

plantations abroad, in such manner as to him the said David Hartleyr, his executors, administrators, and assigns, shall in their diferetions seem meet: and that the said David Hartley, his ex cutors, administrators, and assigns, shall and lawfully may have and enjoy the whole profit, benefit, commodity, and advantage, from time to time coming, growing, accruing, and ariflng, by reason of his said invention, for and during the said term of their

sone years, to have, hold, receive, and enjoy the same, for and uring, and to the full end and term of thirty-one years, as aforesaid;; that no other person or persons within the king Penalty on dom of Great Britain, or any of his majesty’s colonies or plan f*rion* tations abroad, shall at any time, during the said term of thirty fo'inct

one years, cither direcftly or indirectly, make or use, or put in practice the said invention, or any part of the. same so attained unto by the said David Hartley, nr in anywise counterfeit, imitate, or resemble the same, nor shall make, or cause to be made, any addition thereunto, or fubftradtion from the same,

Y 2 without

L ooq le

Exception, in favour of hi majetty’i dockyards,

C

Certain re ftri&ions laid on David Hartley, con the breach whereof this at to become void.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C [1777*

without the licence, consent, and agreement, of the said David Hartley, his executors, administrators, or assigns, in writings under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, first had and obtained in that behalf; upon such pains and penalties as can or may be justly inflicted on such offenders for their contempt of this act, and further to be answerable to the said David Hartley, his executors, administrators, and ailigns, according to law, for his and their damages thereby occasioned.

II Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the lord high admiral for the time being, or the lords com misti oners of the admiralty, or any three or more of them for the time being, to make use of the said invention, in any of his Majesty's dockyards, rope houses, brew hquses, and victualling offices, and all other houses or buildings which shall be used in sitting or equipping his majesty’s ships of war, or in victualling and supplying the same, for securing them against fire, in any such manner as they shall think proper, without licence obtained from the aforesaid David Hartley, his executors, administrators, or assigns.

HI. Provided always. That if the said David Hartley, his executors, administrators, or assigns, or any person or persons who shall, at any time during the said term of thirty-one years, have or claim any right, title, or interest, in law or equity, of, in, or to the power, privilege, or authority, of the foie use and benefit of the said invention, shall make any transfer or aflignmenr, or pretended transfer or alignment, of the said liberty or privilege hereby granted, or any share or shares of the benefit or profits thereof, or shall declare any trust thereof, to or for any number of persons, exceeding the number of five; or shall open, or cause to be opened, any book or books for public subscriptions to be made by any number of persons, exceeding the number of five, in order to the railing any sum or sums of money, under pretence of carrying on the said liberty or privilege hereby granted j or shall by him or themselves, or his or their agents or servants, receive any sum or sums of money whatsoever, of any number of persons, exceeding in the whole the number of five, for such or the like intents or purposes; or shall presume to ac1 as a corporate body, or shall divide the benefit of the liberty or privileges hereby granted into any number of shares, exceeding the number oi five; or shall commit or do, or procure to be committed or done, any act, matter, or thing whatsoever, during such time as such person or persons shall have any right or title, either in law or equity, which shall be contrary to the true intent and meaning of an act of parliament, made in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the first, entitled. An a for the better securing certain powers and privileges intended to be granted by his Majesty, by two charters, for ajfurance of Ships and merchandizes at jea, and for lending money upon bottomry, and for refraining several extravagant and unwarrantable practises therein mentioned; or in case the said power, privilege, or authority, shall at any time become vested in, or in trust for, more than the

number

1777-1 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 7." 299

number of five persons, or their representatives, at any one time, otherwise than by devise or succession, (reckoning executors and administrators as and for the Tingle persons whom they reprefenr, as to such interest as they are or shall be entitled to in right of such their testator or intestate)) then, and in every of the said cases, all liberties and advantages whatsoever hereby granted,

shall utterly cease, determine, and become void; anything here in before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV And be it hereby enabled, That any objection which might have been made to the said invention not being a new invention, within the true intent and meaning of an act of the twenty first of James the first, sufficient to invalidate letters patent, may be made in bar to any action brought by virtue or in consequence of' this act.

V Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for the afore Clause forre said David Hartley, his executors, administrators, or assigns, to

ask, demand, or take, any greater price, than sixpence by the { je piatc8 foot square for the plates of metal, mentioned in the above recited specification, commonly called fire plates, unless the said plates of metal shall be made of copper, or of any other metal except iron, or unless they shall exceed in weight ten ounces avoirdupoife to the foot square.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Public ad. this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public

ad; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, juftkes, and other persons whomfoeyer, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. VII

An ati for enabling the ccmmijfioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, to grant commissions to the commanders of private ships and veffielsy employed in trade, or retained in his Majesty's service, to take and make prize of all such ships and vessels, and their cargoes, as are therein mentioned, for a limited time.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the last session of this present?reamble 1 parliament, entitled, An act to prohibit all trade and in rcc*ting 16 tcrcourfe with the colonies of New Hampshire, majjachufet's Bayy Gc0, cap $ lflandy Connecticuty New Yorky New Jersey, Pensylvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginiay North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the present rebellion within the said colonies respectively; for repealing an ad, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and difchargings lading or shipping of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town and zyitbin the harbour Boston, in the province of Massachuset's Bay; and also two ad, Nmade in the last session of parliament, for retraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said acts re fpcdively mentioned j and to enable any person or persons, ap y 3 pointed

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 7. [1777.

pointed and authorited by his Majesty to grant pardons, to issue proclamations, in the cases, and for the purposes therein mentioned; it is (amongst other things) tnacted, That all Ships and vessels of or belonging to the inhabit anti of the colonies therein mentioned, and all other Ships and vessels which hall be found trading in any port or place of the said colonies or going to trade or coming from tradings in any such tort or place ball become so feited to his Majesty, together with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture as if the same wen the Ships and effects of open enemies and that the flag officers captains commanders and aether commijfioned officers in his Majesty's pay and also the seamen, marines, and Joldiers on board Shall have the foie inter eft ajnd property of and in all and every fuebjhip* vessel goods, and merchandise which they Shall seize and take (being frfl adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majesty's courts of admiralty, J to be divided « in such proportions, and after such manner as therein prescribed: and whereas many Ships and vessels belonging to his Majesty's loyal and well offered subjects have been armed and equipped by the owners thereof for their own security against the rebellious and piratical attach of the inhabitants of the aforesaid colonies and several vessels belonging to, and fitted out by the rebels have been taken without any commffm from his Mflefly* the property of which Ships, and their cargoes though forfeited to his Majesty, is not by law vested in the captors: and whereas it is just and expedient to vefl* under proper regulations the property of all such Ships and vessels Jo taken in the captors and to provide some encouragement for the defence of the property of his ma jessy hyd fubjefls* as well as for taking and destroying Ships fitted out in an hostile manner by the inhabitants of the rebellious coionics; be it therefore enaefled by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the comm^eyrs authority of the same. That the lord high admiral of Great bri .u., — - or the com mi (Turners for executing the office of lord

high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or persons by him or them im powered and appointed, shall and may, from and after the twentieth day of February one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, at the request of any merchant or merchants, being owner or owners of any ship or vessel employed in trade, or retained in his majesty’s service, giving such bail and security as is hereinafter mentioned and expressed, cause to be ifliied forth one or more com mi ((ion or commissions, to any person or persons whom such merchant or merchant? shall nominate to be commander, or in case of death successively commanders of such ship or vessel, for die attaeking, surprising, seizing, and taking, by and with such ship or vessel, or with the crew thereof, all ships and vessels, goods, wares, and merchandizes, chattels and effects whatsoever, belonging to the inhabitants of the said colonies now in rebeilion; and all ships and \efleis, with their cargoes, apparel, and furniture, belonging to his majesty’s subjects in Great Britain or Ireland which shall be found trading to or from the said coionics, contrary to the provifionsof the said adfc of parliament $ and that

such

of the admiralty, C raay issue forth coihmiflions to commanders of vessels, for raking ships, C belonging to the rebellious coionics, See.

1777-] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 7. ' 301

such ships and vessels, goods, wares, merchandizes, chattels and All pmei to effects, foto be taken by or with such ship or vessel, according belong to the to such last menrioned commission or commissions, (being first car,; adjudged lawful prize in any of his majesty’s courts of admiralty,) shall wholly and entirely belong to, and be divided between and among, such owner and owners of such ship and vessel, and the several persons who shall be on board the same, and be aiding and afliftingto the taking thereof, in such shares and proportions as shall be agreed on with such owner or owners of such ship or vessel as shall be the captor thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper goods and chattels of such owner or owners, and the persons that shall be intitfed thereto by virtue of such agreements among themselves 5 and that neither his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any adm.ral, vice-admiral, governor, or other person commissioned by, or claiming under, his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any person or persons whatsoever, other than the owner of such ship or vessel being the captor of such prize, ship or vessel, cargo, apparel, and furniture, and the persons claiming under him or them, shall be entitled to, any part or share thereof, (except as to the customs and duties) any custom, statute, or other law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II Provided always. That nothing in this act.contained shall Except when entitle any ship having a commission, and which shall receive such commis orders from, and put herself under the convoy of any his Majesty's

ships or vessels, to share in any prize or prizes taken by ^ ™ such convoy, or by such ship having a Commission, whilst: the said commissioned ship shall remain under the care and protection of such convoy.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commiflio

it (halt and may be lawful to and for the lord high admiral of ad^iral^msy Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of revoke any * lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any commission three or more of them, at any time or times hereafter, to revoke C and make void, by any order or orders in writing, under his or their hahd or hands, any commission or commissions which shall be issued forth to any person or persons who shall be nominated Commander or commanders of any ship or vessel, by virtue of this act.

IV Provided nevertheless, That the secretary of the admiralty Secretary of for the time being shall, with all convenient speed, after any and the admiralty every such commission shall be so revoked, cause notice thereofoff^hre^* in writing to be forthwith sent to the owner or owners, or agent catjon to the or agents, surety or sureties, or same one of them, of the ship owners, cor vessel named or deicribed in such order of revocation; and in

case such ship or vessel shall be in the channel, the said order of revocation shall be effectual tofuperfede and annul the said com tniflion at the expiration of twenty days from and after such notice given as aforesaid, or sooner, if notice shall be actually given in writing, by the secretary of the admiralty, to the captain or commander thereof; and in case such ship or vessel shall be to the southward of Cape Finijierre% at the expiration of six Y 4 weeks j

/

3oa

granting any cominiuion.

Anno decimoseptimo Georgii III C 7. [1777^

weeks; and in case such ship or vessel shall be in North America, who may com or the West Indies at the expiration of three months: and any plain thereof commander or commanders, owner or owners, agent or agents, to his Majesty fur^ty or sureties, of any such ship or vessel, whereof such com m council. miflfion or commissions, ijtued or to be issued forth as aforesaid, shall be so revoked, may complain thereof to his Majesty in council, within thirty days next after the secretary of the admu ralty for the time being shall cause notice thereof to be given as aforesaid; and the determination of his Majesty in council, touching every such complaint, shall be final.

When any V Provided always, That in case any such order of revocation order of revo shall be superseded, such commission (nail be deemed and taken cation shall bet have continued in force, and all prizes taken by virtue thereof commission awh belong to, and be the property of, such owners and captors, shall be deem in such manner as the same would have been, in case such order ed to have of revocation had not been made.

continued in yi. provided also. That no person shall be liable to be pu orcc* nifhed for doing, before he shall have received personal notice of

Proviso. such order of revocation, any matter or thing which he might have lawfully done under the authority of such commission, in case such order of revocation had not been made.

Bail, C to be VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, taken before That before the granting or issuing of anv commission in pursuance of this act, such bail and security (nail be taken as have been usual upon the granting or issuing of commissions for private ships of war; and that, previous to the taking of such bail and security, the persons who propofeto be bound and give such security, shall several ly make oath, before the judge of the high court of admiralty of England, or his furrogate, or other person or persons by such judge or furrogate lawfully commissioned, that, at the time of their being sworn, they are respectively worth more money than the sum for which they are then to be bound, over and above all their just debts; and moreover, the mar(hal of the said high court of admiralty for the time being, or his deputy, or the person or persons so commissioned as aforesaid, is or arc hereby required and directed to make diligent inquiry into, and satisfy himself or themselves of the sufficiency of such bail and security, and make a report thereof to the said judge, or his furrogate, before any such commission shall be granted or issued.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the said twentieth day of February, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, all and every person and persons who shall apply to the lord high admiral, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the of tjme being, in order to obtain any commission to be granted or cargo, num issued forth in pursuance of this a*dt, shall make every such application in writing; and therein fet forth a particular, true, and

exadi description of the ship or vessel employed in trade, or retained in his majesty’s service, for which such commission is requested, ffecifying the cargo thereof, the burden of such ship

or

AH persons applying tor any commission, to fet forth in writing an

ber of guns, C

1777-3 Anno decimo feptuno Geoegii III C 303

or vessel, and the number and nature of the guns on board the same, to what place belonging, and on what voyage bound, and the name or names of the principal Owner or owners of such ship or vessel, and the number of men intended to be put on board the same; (all which particulars shall respectively be inserted in every commission to be granted or issued in pursuance Commanders of this act;) and that every commander of a merchant ship, or ofcommission a ship retained in his majesty’s service, for which a commission..

be granted or issued in pursuance of this at, shall produce comm^hions^ such commifiion to the collector, customer, or searcher, for the to the collec time being, of his majesty’s customs, residing at or belonging to tor. See. of the the port from whence such ship or vessel shall be first fitted out, cuftonis» or to the lawful deputy or deputies of such collector, customer or searcher; and the said collector, customer or searcher, or his hoare to or their lawful deputy or deputies, shall, as soon thereafter as so*1™11* *uc* conveniently may be, without fee or reward, inspect and examine Ip * such ship or vessel; and if the same shall thereupon be found to and if found be according to the tenor of the description inserted in such agreeable to commission as aforesaid, or be of a greater burden or force than thc deferipd shall be mentioned in such commission, then such colleflor, ™rrifica^al * customer or searcher, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, thereof.

shall, and he or they is and are hereby required immediately, upon the request of the commander of such Clip or vessel, to give a certificate thereof in writing, under his or their band or hands, gratis, to such commander; which certificate shall be deemed a necessary clearance before such merchant ship or vessel shall be permitted to sail from that port : and if the commander of any Penalty on ship or vessel, for which any commission shall have been granted commander or issued in pursuance of this act, shall depart with such ship r acer

vessel from such port of clearance, before he hath received such tificate.'&c. certificate, or shall depart from any such port, or proceed upon a voyage with a force inferior to the force specified in such commission, or required by this act, in every such case, the commission for such ship or vessel shall from thenceforth be absolutely null and void, and the commander so offending, being convicted thereof before any court of admiralty, thall be imprisoned, without bail or mainprize, for such space of time as the said court shall direct, not exceeding one year for any one offence.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That penalty on, if any collector, customer, or searcher of his majesty’s customs, colledlor, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies, shall grant a certificate cu^omer! for any ship or vessel which shall not be of the burden and force fpcci&ed in the commission granted to the commander or com calc manders thereof, or of greater burden and force than shall be mentioned in suchcommission, be shall, for such offence, forfeit his said office, and be for ever after incapable of holding any office in the customs, and shall also forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any person or persons who will sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty’s courts of record at wejlminjier, or in the

courts

Proviso for ascertaining the tonnage.

If the cotn

304 % Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 7. [1777.

courts of session or exchequer in Scotland, in which no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed j and one moiety of the said penalty of one hundred pounds, when recovered, shall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the treasurer for the time being to the corporation for the relief and support of sick, maimed, and disabled seamen, and of the widows and children of such as shall be kilied, (lain, or drowned, in the merchants service, for the use of such corporation; or where such forfeitures shall be incurred in any of the out ports in which a corporation is eftabliihed, or shall hereafter be established, for the purposes aforesaid, then a moiety of such penalty shall be paid to the trustees for the use of the corporation so e(iabli(hed.

X Provided always, That the number of tonnes foto be certified, be ascertained according to the rules laid down by an a, passed in the eighth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, (entitled. An act for making a convenient dock or basin at Livcrpoole, for the security of all Ships trading to and from the said port of Liver pool.)

XI And be it further enadied by the authority aforesaid, That manderofany in case, at any time or times after the said twentieth day of Fe smsb, Ti, lrce ^ruary> onc thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, any with any/per commander or commanders of any merchant ship or ships, or Tonne belonging vessel or vessels, duly commissioned by virtue of this a (ft, shall to any prize agree with the commander or commanders, or other person or taken, for the persons of or belonging to any ship or lhips, vessel or vessels, of C fc fr ransom of any such ship or ships, vessel or vessels, or the 9 * respective cargo or cargoes thereof, or any part thereof, after

the same shall have been taken as prize, and shall, in pursuance of such agreement or agreements, actually quit, fet at liberty, or (Jifcharge any such prize or prizes, instead of bringing the same into some port or ports belonging to his majesty’s dominions not in rebeilion; that then all and every of the commander and commanders of such commissioned ship or ships, or vessel ferliccorduig or vessels, who shall agree for any such ransom, and shall quit, iy. 6 fet at liberty, or discharge, any such prize or prizes in manner

aforesaid, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be guilty of piracy, felony, and robbery, and he, they, and every of them, being duly convicted thereof, shall have and suffer such pains of death, loss of lands, goods and chattels, as pirates, felons, and robbers upon the seas, ought to have and suffer according to the laws now in being.

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all and every person or porfons, who shall be nominated and appointed agent or agents for any prize or prizes which shall be taken by virtue of this af, and which prize or prizes shall be condemned in the high court of admiralty in Great Britain, of condemns or in any other of the courts of admiralty in any of his majesty’s uon* ' dominions where the said prize or prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, shall exhibit, and cause to be registered, in. the said high court of admiralty in Great Britain, rin the re

fpe&ivc

he shall be deemed a pirate, and iuf

Agent shall regitter their letters of attorney within six months alter sentence

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 7. 305

fpcdhve courts of admiralty in any other of his majesty’s dominions, or elsewhere, where the said prize and prizes, and every of them, shall be condemned, his or their respective letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents for the purposes aforesaid: and if any person or persons so appointed agent or agents, as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect foto do, for the space of six calendar months next after sentence of condemnation of any prize shall be given in the said high court of admiralty in Great Britain, or other admiralty court in any of his majesty’s dominions, for the care and distribution of which he or they shall be appointed agent or agents; such person or per or forfeit 500u fons so refuting or neglecting, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them who will sue for the same, by adfcion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Great Britain, or elsewhere; in which no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than northeast imparlance,

shall be allowed.

XIII Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the au Pronto, thority aforesaid. That if any agent or agents shall be appointed

after the time any sentence of condemnation, in any of the said courts df admiralty, shall be given, such agent or agents shall, under the aforesaid penalty, register, or cause to be registered, in manner aforesaid, his or their respective letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents, as aforesaid, within the space of six calendar months after the date of the said letter or letters of attorney.

XIV Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by the Ships and authority aforesaid. That nothing herein contained shall extend, mcichandixe or be construed to extend, or exempt any ships, goods, wares, o tepe!u * or merchandise, which shall be taken as prize, and brought or empted from imported into this kingdom, or any of his majesty’s dominions, payment of from the payment of any customs or duties, or from being fub customs, See jedl to such restrictions and regulations to which the same now

are, or shall hereafter be liable by virtue of the laws and statutes of this realm.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Certain dan that the several regulations and provisions expressed and con fesin 16 Geo. tained in the above recited act of the last session of parliament, 3. cap. 5. to be and all ciauses, provisoes, matters, and things therein expressed esscutina this and contained, shall be applied, and made use of, for effectually ^ s carrying this present act into execution, sofar as the said regulations and provisions, clauses, provisoes, matters, and things

conta.ned in the said act of the last session of parliament, relate to, or in anywise concern, te condemnation, or other determination of prizes, and the proceedings thereupon, and also the appraifements and sales of prizes, and payment of prize money, and likewise the penalties and forfeitures to which the judges and officers of the admiralty courts, and also the agents for prizes, and embezzellers of any part or parts of prizes, and all officers of his majesty’s customs, are thereby relpedtively made subject and liable, and shall (sofar as the nature and circumstances

A

30s Anno decimo fcptimogeorgii III C [1777.

fiances of their respective cases will admit of) extend ft), and be fonfirued, deemed, and taken, in ail courts of admiralty, and all other courts whatsoever, to be in force, with respect to all such prize and prizes as shall be seized and taken by virtue and in puriuance of this act, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the like regulations, provisions, clauses, provisoes, matters, and things, were herein particularly repeated and enacted.

Treasurer of XVI And, as a further encouragement to the officers, seamen, the navy to murines, fc Idlers, and others, on board his Majeflfs ships of war, as scer»°feamen atf° f t0 ^ commissioned under the regulations of this act, to C onboard * attack, take, and dejiroy, any Jbips of force belonging to the said coh- any of his nies; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be Majesty's ships paid by the treasurer of his majesty’s navy, upon bills to be

commiil?onedy mac*c ort by the commissioners of the navy, to be paid accord *nst0 course thereof, without fee or reward, unto the officers, Shall take any seamen, marines, soldiers, or others, that shall be actually on ship of war, board any of his majesty’s ships of war, or merchant ship or ic. fro in the fhjps retained in his majesty’s service, to be commissioned as every’man r af°rcfa|d, n any action where any ship or ships of war, or prion board such vateer or privateers, shall be taken from the rebels, sunk, burnt, ship, cor otherwise destroyed, by virtue and in pursuance of this act, five pounds for every man who was living on board any ship or ships so taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, at the beginning of the engagement between them; the numbers of such men to be proved by the oaths of three or more of the chief officers or men who were belonging to the said ship or ships of war, or privateers of the rebels, or belonging to any of them, at the time of her or their being taken as p. izc, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, before the mayor or other chief inagiftrate of the port within any of his majesty’s dominions, whereunto any prize, or officers, or men, of such ships as were sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall be brought; or before thebritish consul or vice consul, residing at any port abroad to which such prize, or officers, or men, shall be brought; which oaths the said Mayor, or other chief magistrate of any such port, or consul or vice consul, are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer; and shall forthwith grant a certificate thereof, without fee or reward, directed to the commissioners of his ma jelty’s navy, together with an authentic copy of the condemnation of such ship so taken; or if such Ship he sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, on producing only a certificate from the mayor, or other chief magistrate, or consul or vice consul, as aforesaid, the said commissioners f his majesty’s navy, or such person or persons as they shall appoint for that purpose, shall, according to the course of the navy, within fifteen days, make out bills for the amount of such bounty, directed to the treasurer Manner of di of the navy, payable to, and to be divided amongst, the officers, VI ling the seamen, marines, and soldiers, on board his majesty’s ships of

bounty. war, in manner, form, and proportion, as, by his majesty’s

proclamation, the payment of prize money is directed and ap o pointed

1777o Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii III C 7. 307

pointed to be divided; and amongst the owners, officers and ieamen of any merchant ship or vessel, or ship or vessel retained in bis majesty’s service, to be commissioned by virtue of this a, infuch manner and proportion as by any agreement in writing, they shall have entered into for that purpose, (haii be directed.

XVII Provided neverthelefc, That in all cases where anyproviforelat such oath and certificate cannot be administered and granted at if!st(?

the first port where any prize, or officers, or men, of such wps was shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall begrantidg ccr. brought, such oath or oaths, relating to any prize or prizes thattificate.

shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, as aforesaid,

shall and may be administered and taken, by and before the mayor, or other chief magistrate of any port within any of his majesty’s dominions, or by or before the briti/b consul or vice consul residing at any port abroad, whereunto any prize or prizes, or officers, or men, of any ships belonging to the rebels, as shall be taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, shall at any time afterwards be brought, (proof being first made, by affidavit, before such person or persons, of the inability of making such oath or oaths, and obtaining such certificate at the said first port;) and the mayor, or other chief magistrate, consul or vice consul,

shall thereupon grant such certificate and certificates as are herein before directed; which certificate and certificates shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes, as if the same were granted by the mayor, or other chief magistrate, consul or vice consul, of the port to which such prize or prizes, officers or men, as aforesaid, shall be first brought;, anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. To what per that the bill or bills, to be made out for the bounty hereby

granted to the commanders and officers, seamen, marines, fol outfor tiic

dters, and others of his majesty’s ships of war, for taking, fink bounty, me

ing, burning, or otherwise destroying, any ships of war or pri tobc payable.

vateers, belonging to any of the said rebellious coionics, shall be

made payable to such person or persons as fhaij be authorised and

appointed by the flag officers or flag officer, captains or captain,

officersor officer, (hip’s companies or (hip’s company, and others

entitled thereunto, in like manner as directed by the said in part

recited act of the last session of parliament, for the nominating

and appointing agents for appraifements and Tales, to be made

as aforesaid, the same to be distributed and divided by the said

person or persons so authorised and appointed amongst the cap

rors, in such manner, form, and proportion, as aforesaid;;

several shares of which captors, if not legally demanded within

three years after public notification, and also of such as shall

ruo from his majesty’s service, shall be applied to the use of

Greenwich hospiral: and that the bill or bills to be made out for

the bounty hereby granted to merchant ships to be commissioned

by virtue of this act, for taking, burning, sinking, or otherwise

destroying, any ships of war or privateers belonging to any of

the said rebellious coionics, shall be made payable to such person

or

308 Anno dcclmo fcprimo Georgii IU. C 7; [1777.

or persons as shall be nominated and appointed by the owner or ' owners, officers or Teamen of such merchant ship or vessel, or

’ ship or vessel retained in his majesty’s service, to be commissioned as aforesaid, who shall have taken, sunk, burnt, or otherwise destroyed the same, or the major part of them, to be divided in such manner and proportions as shall have been agreed on by them as aforesaid.

Prizes which XIX Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any taken from vc or bat, ta^cn as prize, or any goods, therein shall

salt majesty’s appear, and be proved in the high court of admiralty, or any subjects not in vice admiralty court, to have belonged to any of his majesty’s "bc^^^befubjcdls of Great Britain, or Ireland, or any of the dominions thein t0 terr*tor*cs remaining and continuing in their allegiance to

9 the king, and under his majesty’s protection, which were before

taken or surprised by any of his majesty’s rebellious colonies or plantations before mentioned, and at any time afterwards again surprised and retaken from his majesty’s said rebellious colonies or plantations, by any ship or vessel having such dommiflion as aforesaid; that then such ships, vessels, boats, and goods, and every such part and parts thereof as aforesaid, formerly belonging to such his majesty’s subjects remaining and continuing under his protection, shall in all cases be adjudged to be restored, and shall be, by decree of the said high court of admiralty or vice admiralty court, accordingly restored to such former owner or owners, or proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu of faivage, (if retaken from the rebels bv a merchant ship or vessel of i^stit'art comfn*®c)nc^ a aforesaid) one eighth part of the true value of of the va?ue Ships vessels, boats, and goods, respectively Co to be restored 5 thereof. which salvage shall be answered and paid to the commanded officers, and crews of such commissioned ship or vessel, to be divided in such and the lame manner as before in this act is directed, touching the share of prizes to the owners, commanders and crews of merchant ships, or ships retained in his majesty’s feryice, having commissions as aforesaid.

s^ce# 0n XX And whereat in all Jhipt or ve/fels which Shall be commi/jioned miflionedtopsxnpurfmnce f lt ls expedient for the better difciplihi and

punishable in government of such hips, that all persons who ball enter themselves the same man - on board the said hips or vejfeh Jhculd be under proper regulations to fp°y obedience to the lawful commands of the captains and chus com board lhipi ot of the said hips and vejfeh; be it therefore enacted by the

authority aforesaid, That all offences committed by any officer or Teamen on board any ship or vessel, which shall be commissioned by virtue or in pursuance of this act, during the continuance thereof, shall be punished in such manner as the like offences Offenders ac are punifhableon board his majesty’s ships of war. cufcd of XXI Provided always. That all offenders who shall be ac crimes cogni cussed of such crimes as are cognizable only by a court-martial, sable only by ^ confined on board such ship or vessel in which such of arar k°ce ** commitlc<*> until they shall arrive in some port in confined on Great Britain, or Ireland, or can meet with a number of his board. See. majesty’s ships of war abroad as are sufficient to make a courtmartial

:

1777*1 Anno decimo fcptiiho Georgij III C 8. 309

martial: and upon application made by the commander of such ship or vessel, which shall be so commissioned as aforesaid, to the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or commissioners, for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, for the time being,. or the commander in chief of his majesty’s said ships of war abroad, the said lord high admiral, or commissioner? for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or such commander in chief abroad, are hereby authorised and required to call a court-martial for trying and punching the said offence.

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That if any action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted actions, against any person or persons, for or by reason of anything done

or acted in pursuance of this act; then, and II every such case, such action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants shall and may plead the general Generaliffue. issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence : and if the ad shall appear to have been done in pursuance of and by the authority of this act, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time herein before limited for bringing the same, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants and upon such finding, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall begiven against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs. Treble costs.

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Continuance That this act, and every ciaufc, proviso, matter and thing hereof this act. in contained, shall remain, continue, and be in force, for, during,

and until the expiration, or other sooner determination of the aforesaid act of the last fetfion of parliament.

CAP. VIII

An act to amend so much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present m^jessy, (entitled, An act for eftabli filing certain regulations for the better management of the affairs of the East India company, as well in India as in Europe,) as relates to the day on which the annual eurtion of direrters of the said company is to be made.

WHEREAS by an art, made in the thirteenth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for establish prcamble. ing certain regulations tor the better management of the affairs Ad 13geo. 3* of the East India company, as well in India as in Europe,) it is, recited. among other things, enarted, That at the then next ensuing general elertion of divertors of the said united company, injlead of an election 1 of twenty-four directors to serve for the space of one year only, there Should be chosen, in such manner and order as the directors of the said united company for the time being Jbculd appoint, six divertors exprejsly for the term of one year, and six other divertors for the term of two years, and six other dirertors for the term of three years, and the remaining

X

Jio Anno decimo feptlmo georgii III C [1777.

maining six directors for the term of four years, and not otherwise;; from thenceforth yearly and every year, and at the expiration of each and every of the said terms refpeftivefy, six new dir eft ors and no more y Should be chosen, from time to time, in the place of such directors whofit term Should have expired, and who 'were thereby declared incapable of being then rechojen; and at every fiubfequent election, during the continuance of the charter of the said united company, six new directors Should be chosen) and Should continue to be directors for the term of four yearly and no longer, to be accountedfrom the day on which the election of such directors was respectively made; and in case the office and authority of any such director Should become void) by death) removal) or otherwise, another Should be chosen)from time t time) in his place, to serve as a director during the remainder of such term for which the person whofit office Should have become void was chosen, and no longer: and whereas the first general election of directors of the said united company, after the passing the said recited act, was made on the thirteenth day ofapril, which was in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fieventyfout) at which time six directors were chosen for the term of one year) six other directors for the term of two yearsy six other directors for the term of three years 9 and six other directors for the term offour years) according to the directions of the said recited ad 5 and afterwards on the thirteenth day of April, which was in the year of our Lard one thousand[even hundred and seventy five) six other directors were chosen for the term of four years, in the room of those directors who were elected for one year as aforesaid‘5 and on the thirteenth day of April, one thousandfeven hundred andjeventy six, six other directors were chosen for the term of four years, in the room of those directors who were electedfor two years, as aforesaid: and whereas there is not any provision in the said act) for the making an election of directors of the said united company at any other time than on the exact day when the term of the former elections expire: and whereas the day of election of directors in the year one thousand seven hundred and evenly seven) according to the said recited act) will happen on Sunday, the thirteenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred andseventy seven \ it is highly improper that such election Should be made on a Sunday, and it is expedient that the like impropriety Should be prevented in future; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem tion ofd fre& - bled, anc by authority of the same, That, instead of the said ors for 1777," general election of six directors of the said united ederipany, in to be on Wed the said year one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, for neiday, April the term of four years, being made on Sunday) the said thirteenth j day of April) one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven,

the same election shall be made on Wednesday) the sixteenth day and all future of the same month of April; and in respect to all future annual on on tbef^ eledlions of directors of the said united company, instead of the second Wed ^ame being made on the exact day of the expiration of the term nefday ia for which the former directors were elected, in pursuance of the April. said recited ast such future annual general elections of directors ' of

i?77*] Anno decimo fepttmo Georgii III C 311

of the said united company, shall be made on the second wed nefday in the month of April in every year.

II And be it further enadej by the authority aforesaid, That Claurerelating the term of three years, for which six diredors of the said com to the deter pany were eleded4, in the said year one thousand seven hundred [h^tcrms^or and seventy four, and which will expire on the thirteenth day which the di of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, shall rector are

be enlarged; and such diredors so elected for the term of three elected. years, shall continue diredors of the said united company until the said sixteenth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and during the whole of that day; and in respect to the said diredors elected in the said years, one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, one thousand seven hundred and fe vcnty five, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, for the respective terms of four years; and as to all future diredors of the said united company to be elected for the term of four years, in case the said respective terms of four years shall happen to expire before the second Wednesday in the month of April in that year in which the said respective terms of four years shall expire yet such diredors shall continue to be diredors of the said company until the second Wednesday in the month of April in which the said respective terms ot four years shall end, and during the whole of that day; and in case the said respective terms of four years shall not have fully run out on the said second Wednesday of the said month of April, in any fybfequent year, in which the said terms shall respectively expire; in such case the same terms respectively shall end and expire at the end of the day on the said second Wednesday of the said month of April in such year in which the said respective terms of four years shall end and expire, in the same manner as if the whole term of four years was fully run out; anything in the said recited act of parliament contained to the contrary in anywise dotwitbftanding.

III And whereas notice bath been duly given, that the elefiion of directors in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, will be on the thirteenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven \ it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the diredors of the said united company shall, within Diredors to seven days after the passing of this act, cause notice to be given ive not, CC in in the London Gazette, that instead of the general election of six Gazenelrf the diredors of the said united company, in the year one thousand dayofdhdioa feveh hundred and seventy seven, for the term of four years, be by this ait ap' ' made on Sunday, the thirteenth day of April, one thousand pointed, seven hundred and seventy seven, the same election will be made

on Wednesday, the sixteenth day of the same month of af>ril\ which notice (together with the said former notice) shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient notice of the said election; any other law or statute in anywise notwithstanding.

Vol. XXXI £ CAP.

i Anho decimo septimo Georgii III C [177/. J

CAP. IX

An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain per font charged with) or suspected of, the crime of high treofon, committed in any of hie Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, or on the high Jcas, or the crime of piracy.

preambu. A ® ^ ^ EAS a rebellion and war have been openly and traiter V V oujly levied and carried on in certain of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America, and acts of treajon and piracy have been committed on the high seas, and upon the Jbips and goods of his Moje jly fuhjests, and many persons have been seized and taken, who are expressly charged orjlrongly suspected of such treasons and feionics, and many more such persons may be hereafter so seized and taken: and whereas such'persons have been, or may be brought into this kingdom, and into other parts of his Majesty's dominions, and it may be inconvenient in many such cases to proceed forthwith to the trial of such criminals, and at the same time of evil example to suffer them to go at large $ be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent roa jefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem persons guilty bled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every per ofh’ghtreason son or persons who have been, or shall hereafter be seized or taken or attcra * or of 'n ^igh tteafon committed in any of his majesty’s co

p[racytor0fu hmies or plantations in America, or on the high feasor in the fpsfted there ad of piracy, or who are or shall be charged with or suspected of, may be of the crime of high treason, committed in any of the said coionics, or on the high feasor of piracy, and who have been, or shall be committed, in any part of his majesty’s dominions, for such crimes, or any of them, or for suspicion of such crimes, or any of them, by any magistrate having competent authority in that behalf, to the common gaol, or other place of confinement as is herein after provided for that purpose, shall and may be thereupon secured and detained in safe custody, without bail or mainprize, until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight and that no judge or jufticeof peace shall bail or try any such person or persons without order from his majesty’s most honourable privy council, signed by six of the said privy council, until the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II And whereas it may be necessary to provide for such prifonert within this realm some other places of confinement besides the common h»s Majesty gals; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (hail and my app°hrt may be lawful for his Majesty, by warrant under his sign mafia ement for nuau t0 appoint one or more place or places of confinement such prisoners. within the realm, for the custody of such prisoners; and all and every magistrate and magistrates, having competent authority in that behalf, are hereby authorised to commit such persons as aforesaid to such place or places of confinement, foto be appointed, instead of the common gaol.

III pto

kept in custody, ti 1 Jan. II 177**

1777-1 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C io, 11, g i j

III Provided always, and be it enacted, That no offences shall What offers

be construed to be piracy within the meaning of this act, except b?

acts of felony committed on the ships and goods of hk majesty’s racy!™ ^ subjects by persons on the high seas.

IV Provided also, and it is hereby declared. That nothing No person herein contained is intended, or shall be construed to extend to

the case of any other prisoner or prisoners than such as shall *ffen^ have been out of the realm at the time or times of the offence or committed offences wherewith he or they shall be charged, or of which he within this or they shall be suspected. realm,

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That This a & to this act shall continue and be in force until the said first day of continue in

January) one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and noforce ^ >nger. 1, 1

CAP, X

An adfc for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing cf the mllitfs in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning thf twenty-fifth day of March, ont thouumd seven hundred and fevpnty* seven.

CAP. XI

An act for more effectually preventing frank and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool, worjled yarn, and goods made from worjled, in the counties of York, lancaster, and Chester.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty second year of the

reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, %%

An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woolien, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and (ilk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot prefers, and of all persons employed in the said several manu fa&ures; and for the better payment of their wages: and by another act, made in (he fourteenth year of the reign of his present ma !

King George the Third, entitled, An act to amend an act, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled. An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of' bats, and in the woolien, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and fiilk manufactures 5 and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot puffers, and of all persons employed in the said several manufae* lures \ and for the better payment of their wages: and by another act, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, an ijoeo. $ entitled. An act to explain and amend an act, made in the four recitcd' teenth year of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to arpend an ccf, made in the twenty fecona year of the reign of bis lau majesty King George the Second, entitled. An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed m tf\e manufacture of hats, and in the woolien, linen, fustian

% cotton,

314 Anno decimo septimo Georgii HI. t. n tl777

cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk tnanu failures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot prefiers, and of all per ions employed in the said several manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages : certain penalties and punijbments in the jhid alts respectively mentioned, are inflicted upon all persons who ball reel false or Short yarn, find on persons embezzling the materials used in the said manufactures : and whereas the good purposes of the fmi laws have been greatly fruji rated, from the manufacturers of combing wool, worjled yarn, and goods made from worjled, being unwilling to expose themselves singly to the loss attending the resentment of the spinners and workpeople, by profeeuting them for offences against the said.acis: and whereas this important branch of the woollen menu factory will be greatly prejudiced thereby, unless the manufacturers are enabled jointly to carry these laws into effectual execution; which can not be done without the aid of parliament: may it therefore please

Jour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled.by the ling’s.moil excellent majesty, by and with the advice andcon sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, General meet that a general meeting of the manufacturers of combing wool, ing of manu worsted yarn, and goods made from worded, in the counties of fjrcturera ap ycrk% lancqfitry and Chester, shall beheld at hauifax, in the mt 1 county of Tori, on the second Monday tr\ the month of Junt next ensuing after the palling of this act, at the hour of eleven of the clock in the forenoon of the same day, notice of which shall be given in the Leeds and Manchester newspapers, at lead twenty-one days before the said meeting, by the clerk of the peace for the west riding of the county of York at which said general meeting the said manufacturers present, fey themselves, or proxies appointed by writing under the hand of any of filch thofeofyork manufacturers, shall have votes? and having first chosen a (hiie to cleft chairman, the york/biremanufacturers shall elect, nominate, and si, and those appoint eighteen persons from amongst themselves, and the and Ctefoireo lanca/hire and che/hire manufacturers shall elect, nominate, and persons to he appoint nine persons from amongst themselves; which said a committee, eighteen and nine persons fa to be elected, shall be a committee of the said manufacturers for the time being, and until another committee shall be chosen and appointed in the manner hereinafter provided, and so as often as there shall be occasion; which committee are hereby authorised and empowered to nominate and recommend two or more proper persons, to be licensed by the justices of the peace of the west riding of the county of Yorky at any of their quarter sessions for the said riding, or any adjournment thereof, to be inspectors for the purposes herein after mentioned, and also to have the direction of all prosecutions of offenders against this and the said before mentioned acts, and the management of the fund herein after to be created, and to do all other matters and things which may be deemed necessary and proper for the carrying this act into execution, in such manner as the said committee of the manufacturers for the time being,

oc

1777*1 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 11. 515

r any fovcn or more of them, at a public meeting to be assembled, shall judge and think best for the interest and advantage of all the said manufacturers.

II And be it further enabled. That it shall and may be law Committee to full to and for the said committee, or the greater part of them, appoint a

at any general meeting assembled (and they are hereby autho clerk: rifod and required) from time to time to pominate and appoint, by writing under their hands, a proper person to be their clerk; which said clerk shall attend the meetings of the said committee, Hii duty, and shall, in proper books to be provided/or that purpose, enter and keep true and perfect accounts of all the acts, proceedings, and transactions of the said committee; and that each and every of the said manufacturers shall and may at all convenient times have recourse to, and peruse and inspect, all such books gratis, and may demand and have copies thereof, or of any pan thereof, paying twopence for every one hundred words to to be copied; and if the clerk shall refuse to permit any such manufacturer to ifrfpect such books, or jefufe to make copies or extras thereof, at the rates or times aforesaid, he shall, for every loch offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be recovered in such manner as any other penalty inflicted by this act is directed to be recovered. ***

III And be it funher enacted, That, for the purposes afore Quarterly laid, a meeting of the said committee, for the time being, shall meetings ap be held four times in every year 5 (that is to say) on the Monday p°mtcd# before midsummer day, on the Monday before michaelmas day, on

the Monday before the Epiphany, and on the Monday before eajier day, at eleven of the dock in the forenoon of each and every of the said days, who shall have power to adjourn themselves from time to time, as, occasion may require; three of which said quarterly meetings of such committee shall be held at same place or places within the county of York, and the other quarterly meeting shall be held at some place within the county of Lancaster; the first of which said quarterly meetings shall be held on the first of (he said days on which the said quarterly meetings are hereinbefore appointed to be held, which shall first happen after the election of such committee as aforesaid, and at such place as shall be fixe^and agreed upon by such committee after their election; and at such first quarterly meeting, and every fubiequent quar Chairman t terly meeting of such committee for the time being, a chairman be chosen. for each of such said quarterly meetings being chosen, the place at which the then next following quarterly meeting shall be held, shall be fixed upon and appointed by the majority of such committee then assembled; and the chairman of such committee is hereby required to cause fourteen days notice to be given, of the time and place where the next following quarterly meeting of (bch committee is appointed to be held, in the Leeds and man thefter weekly newspapers: and all matters or things which shall q2cft*°n» to come before such committee for their determination, shall be determined by a majority of votes of the members of such com y a majon mktec then present; and if there shall be an equality of votes

Z 3 upon

Mo bu fines to bfc done at quarterly meeting, titl lets seven members art present

*thl ee coffl tnittee men

Anno decimo Icptinio gfiorgii III C 11. [1777:

topdn any question which shall come before the said committee! then the chairman shall have a carting vote, by which vote such question in dispute shall be determined.

IV Provided nevertheless, That in case there shall not at any Of such quarterly meetings be there present and assembled seven of the persons constituting such committee, then and in such case it is hereby declared, that no business whatfoevef shall be done at such meeting; and the majority of the persons then present shall appoint at what place the next quarterly meeting shall be held, and give fourteen days notice thereof in the Leeds and Manchester weekly newspapers, in manner abovementioned.

V And be it further enabled, That if at any time it shall appear to any three or more of such committee for the time being, that fr more effectual putting any of the powers granted by this 4 act into execution! or for settling or difeufting any matters or things whatsoever relative to the same, a Special meeting of such Committee is necessary or expedient to be held, it shall and may be lawful for the said three or more of the said committee for the time being, to direct the clerk to give notice of such special meeting of the committee, to every member thereof, setting forth the place where, and the time when, such special meeting shall be appointed to be held; and in case there shall be then ptefent at such special meeting seven of the said committee, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said committee so present, to proceed in the execution of the power! given by this act to such committee

Mew commit VI And be it further enacted. That in case any one or more tee men to be of the said committee for the time being shall die, or shall decline Hfclthn business as a manufacturer, or shall go to reside in any distant

** part ef the kingdom, or shall wilfully absent himself or themselves

from the said quarterly meetings for the space of one year, or refuse to act, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said committee for the time being, at any of their said quarterly meetings, there being seven of such committee then present, to choose another or other proper person or persons, being manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarn, or goods made from worsted, in his or their place or places, who shall have the same power and authority as if appointed at a general meeting

VII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time hereafter it shall appear to any fifty or more of the said manufacturers of combing wool, worded yarn, or goods made from worded, within the said counties of York, Lancaftery and Cbejlery that the said committee for the time being negle# to discharge their duty, to the ends, intents, and purposes for which such committee was appointed; and in case such fifty or more of such manufadurers so difiatisfied shall, in writing under their *en^a^tam.11 bands, make complaint thereof to the judices of the peace for (ttg, etc the said wed riding of the county of in any of the general or quarter sessions of the peace for the said wed riding to be held and assembled, then and. in such ca|e it shall and may be lawful

to

If Committee hegleft their duty,

jhlhces mayi on complaint

1777*] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 11, 317

to and for such justices in such sessions assembled, and they are hereby required (if they shall think proper, after hearing the nature of such complaint) to call and appoint a general meeting of the manufa&urers of combing wool, worftcd yarn, and goods made from worded, within the said counties of Yorky Lancqfter, and Cbejier, at such time and place as such justices shall think, proper, and shall also cause notice to be given of such general meeting of such manufacturers as aforesaid, in the Leeds and Mancbefler weekly newspapers, setting forth the place where, and time when, such general meeting shall be held, the lame not being left than twenty-one days after such notice given in the said papers, and which notice shall be continued in the said papers until such meeting shall be held; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such manufacturers then present at such general meeting called and held in manner as aforesaid, to eles, nominate, and appoint a committee, confiding of the same nupnber of persons, and in the like manner, and under and subject to the like orders, regulations, and directions, herein before laid down and ordered for the election of the first committee: and the persons (p elected, nominated, and appointed to be a new committee, in manner aforesaid, shall thereupon be invested with the same powers and authorities as the former committee were invested with. 1

VIII Andy far preventing frauds and abuses for the future by persons employed in the said manufactures of combtng woolly woffled yarn, and goods made from worjledy and for the more effectual carrying this acl into execution; be it further enacted, That the justices Justices to ap of the peace for the said west riding of the county of Yorky at point infpea their next quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the said worttc<* riding, or any adjournment thereof, after Midsummer next after yarn' the palling of this act, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to appoint such persons, of good character and repute, within the said counties of Yorky Lancajlery and Cbejier, as shall be recommended to the said justices by the said committee of manufacturers, or any seven of such committee, in writing under their hands, to be inspectors of worsted yarn, within the said counties of Yorky Lancaflery and Cbejier.

I. And be it further enacted, That the said committee of Committee to manufacturers for the time being, or any seven of them, shall Ration inipect and may, and they are hereby authorised to station such inspectors a? j al" for fuph districts in the said counties of Yorky Lancajlery and a r C Cbejier, 3s the said committee, or any seven of them, shall think proper; and shall and may aftign, allow, and pay to the said in ipe&ors so appointed, such yearly salaries as the said committee, or any seven of them, shall think proper, to be paid out of the fund herein after mentioned to be railed for that and the other purposes of this act; and also shall and may remove, dismiss, and displace any of fqch infpeclors, who, by sickness, or any other accident, shall be rendered incapable of serving the said office, or shall mi(behave, or not cooduct himself or themfelvei to the satisfaction of such committee.

z4 X And

3i 8

Infpedorsto ule diligence in cormding and bringing offenders to juitice:

their powers.

Pi regions tiow worsted yarn shall be reeled.

Penalties on false reeling of worsted yarn, etc.

Anno decimo septimo georgii III C u. [i777.

X And be it further enacted, That the said infpedors for the time being, so appointed, shall several ly and rcfpcdivdy, in the Teverai districts allotted to them by the said committee, use all due diligence and industry for theconviding and bringing to jn ftice all offenders against this and the said former acts; and*hb shall and do from time to time, and as often as they shall be thereto required by the said committee, infped the several reels of all and every the spinners of worsted yarn, in their several and respective districts within the said counties of Fork, Lancosier, and Chester, and also the hanks of worsted yarn, in order to see that the directions herein after hid down for reeling such yarn be complied with; and also shall and do from time to time, when and as they or any of them shall detect any person or persons offending against this or the said former acts, lodge informations against such offender or offenders before .the proper justice or justices of the peace, and prosecute such offender or offenders to conviction: : for the easier detedion of all offenders against this and the said former acts, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such infpedor or infpedors, from time to time, as occasion (nail require, to demand entrance, at all feafonible hours, into the dwelling house or dwelling houses, (hop or (hops, outhouses or outhouses, of any agents, or persons hired or employed to put out wool to be spun, within the said counties of Fork Lancatler, and Chester, to infped the yarn in the custody of any fucli agent, or person hired or employed as aforesaid, within the said counties of Fork, Lamajlery and Chejier^ where he has any information of, or fufpeds any false or short reeled yarn; and in case of refusal by any such agent, or person hired or employed to put out wool to be spun into worsted yarn, to permit and suffer such inspection, he, (he, or they so refuting shall forfeit and pay such sum of money, not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, as such justice or justices, before whom he, (he, or they shall be convicted, shall think proper, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned.

XL And be it further enacted. That every person or persons employed, or undertaking to spin or reel worfied yarn for hire, in the counties of York, Lancosier, and Chester, or any of them, shall reel, or cause or procure the same to be reelect, either upon a yard reel of thirty-six inches, or a two yard reel of seventy two inches, round; and when such worsted yarn shall be so reelect, that each and every several hank of such worsted yarn shall consist of, or contain, seven raps or leas, and that each and every such rap or lea shall consist of, or contain, eighty threads of such worsted yarn..

XII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, hired or employed in the combing of wool, or in the spinning, reeling, winding, or weaving of worsted yarn, or in the preparing or working up any of the materials used in the said manufadures, in the said counties of Fork lanco/itr, and Chester, or any of them, shall reel or cause to be reeled any worsted yarn contrary to the directions herein before specified

1777-3 Anno deciimo septimo<jfiorgii III C IX 3 *9

and laid down for the reeling such yarn, or shall conceal, keep back, embezzle, fell, or otherwise dispose of, any wool, or other materials, entrusted with him, her, or them, to spin, or other purposes, and shall of all or any of such feverai offences be lawfully, convicted, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, libeny, town, or place, where such offence or offences shall be committed, or where such offender so charged shall reiideor inhabit, upon the oath of the owner of such yarn or wool, or upon the oath of the infpedor or infpedors appointed as aforesaid, or of any one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath such justice or joftices is and are hereby impowereo and required to administer) or by the confession of the person or persons charged with all or any of such offences, shall, for each and every such offence, be iuujed and liable to the same penalties and puniftiments as are several ly inflicted by the said former act, sofar as the said former acts, or any of them, are unrepealed; all which penalties shall be recovered, and puniftiments inflicted, in the manner di ceded by the said acts, or any of them; and which said penalties shall be publickiy distributed by the constable of such townftlip, paiilh, or place, where such offence or offences shall be committed, in the presence and under the direction of the said inspector or infpedors, amongst the poor of such townftlip, paristi, or place, last abovementioned.

XIII Provided nevertheless, That no part or share of such Provifa penalties or forfeitures be given to such offender or offenders,

bis, her, or their family or families.

XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That if any agents, or persons hired or employed to put out ?gcnts refus wool to be (pun into worded yarn, shall have in his, her, or

their custody or possession, any worsted yarn not reeled accord e/falfe Sei. ing to thediredions herein before specified and laid down foring yarn, the reeling thereof, and shall refuse or not fet forth and give in evidence, before any of his majesty’s justices of the peace for the said counties of Tori, Lancaster, and Chester, or any riding division, city, liberty, town, or place, within the same, respectively, being thereto required, what person or persons was or were the reeler or reelers of such false or (hort reeled yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to reel the same, so that the person or persons who reelect, or caused to be reelect, such false or (hort yarn may be lawfully convicted thereof in manner aforesaid, he, (he, or they so refusing, and being thereof lawfully convicted, upon the oath of any person or persons, before such justice or justices of the peace as are herein before mentioned,

shall forfeit and pay the fdm of five (billings for every parcel of yarn made up as and for a pound, so false or (hort reelect, which shall be found in his, her, or their custody; all which penalties inflicted by this act shall be recovered in the same manner as the penalties inflicted by the said former acts are directed to be recovered, and shall go, be paid, and applied, by such person or persons, and in such manner and form, to the poor of the town

A

gio Anno decimo septimo gfiorgii III C it, [1777.

. hip, as the penalties herein before mentioned are dircaed to be paid and applied.

Upon the XV Provided always, and be it further enaaed, That if any person who shall be so appointed an infpeaor of worsted yam, ethersto be' all happen to die, or shall be removed or displaced from his said appointed. office, it shall and may be lawful for the said justices of the peace of the said west riding of the county of York, in quarter sessions assembled as aforesaid, to licence some other proper person or persons to be an infpeaor or infpeaors of worsted yarn, within, the said countiesof York, Lancaster, anachejler, upon the like recommendation, and in such manner, as is herein before mentioned; which said person or persons shall be invested with all the powers, and fubjea to the like removal, and liable to the like penalties, for any breach or neglea of duty, as the inspector or infpeaors, in whose place or places he or they shall be appointed to succeed, was invested with or fubjea and liable to. jftmhhment of XVI And be it further enaaed, That in case any inspector mfpt&ort or infpeaors, so appointed as aforesaid, shall at any time or tiroes hereafter tac or receive, from any person or persons offending justice. against this or the said former aas, any sum or sums of money, or any other thing whatsoever, to screen from justice, or otherwise to hinder or prevent such person or persons so offending as aforesaid from being conviaed of such offence or offences, and being thereof conviaed upon the oath of two or more credible witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offence or offences shall be committed, or where the person or persons so charged shall reside or inhabit (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such justice orjustices of the peace to commit such infpeaor or infpeaors so offending to the house of correaion, or other pub lick prison, in the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offence shall be committed, for the fpaceof one month.

XVII And whereas iy several arts of parliament, made in tie tenth and twelfth years of the reign of £>ueen Anne, and several subsequent ails, the collectors of the duties upon fope, by the said ails ' granted, are directed to pay out of the moneys in their hands, by way

of drawback, unto any person or persons who Should employ any quantity of Jope in the making of any manufactures whereof the grsateft part of the value of the materials Should be wool, or in preparing the wool for the same, the duties upon the fope so spent and consumed as aforesaid; and to the end that a sufficient fund may be rat fedfor defraying the expenses in and about the obtaining this ait, and for paying the salaries of the infpeitors and clerk to be appointed under, and by virtue, Fund to be and for the purposes, of this ail, and all other necessary expenses at

established for tending the carrying this ail into execution, under the direction of the expcnccfof committee, be it further enaaed by the authority aforesaid, the execution That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the of this act. collcaor or collcaors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person

or

1777-] a11110 feptlirto Georgii HI. C i u ti

or persons employed in the collection of the duties on fope, within the said counties of York Lancajbr, and Cbester, and who by the hid acts are thereby directed to pay such drawback of the duties on fope to such manufacturers as aforesaid, and such collector or collectors supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons, are hereby required, from time to time, to deduct and retain the sum of twopence out of every shilling, to which any person, being a master manufacturer of combing wool, worried yarn, or goods made from worded, redding within the counties of York,

Lancaster, and Cbester, shall from time to time hereafter be entitled, and of which he, (he, or they shall demand payment of, under and by virtue of the said acts, or any other act or acts of parliament whatsoever, as and for the duties of and for kll fope spent, employed, and consumed in the combing of wool, making of worded yarn, or any kind of goods made from worded, or preparing the wool for the same, in the said counties of York Lancaster, and Chejitr; and such collector or collectors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons, and each and every of them, shall several ly and refpectivcly pay, or cause to be paid, unto the treasurer of the wed riding of the county of York for the time being, (demand being made thereof), all and every the sum or dims of money by him, them, or any of them, so deducted, retained, had, or received, under and by virtue, and for the purposes of this act.

XVIII And be it further enacted, That the said treasurer for Treasurer for the said wed riding of the county of York, for the time being, the west rid shall, out of the money hereafter to be received by him in man °* york ner aforesaid, pay the charges and expenses of obtaining andxecbajwof palling this act, and the expenses relative thereto, together with this out of intered for all or any part of such expenses, the salaries of the in the moneys to fpe&ors and clerk herein before directed to be appointed, the be received expenses of all prosecutions in support of this and the said former acts, and such other charges and expenses as may be hereafter incurred or expended for the support and encouragement of the said manufactory, as the said committee, or any four of them, in committee auembled, shall, by writing under their hands, direct or appoint; and the said treasurer is also hereby required not to pay any sum or sums of money, foto be hereafter received by hitni for the purposes of this act in manner aforesaid, to any person or persons whomsoever, or for any purposes whatsoever, without such order, direction, or appointment, in writing, under the hands of such committee for the time being, or any four of them, in committee assembled; and such treasurer shall, and he is hereby required, yearly and every year, at the quarterly meeting of the said committee herein before appointed to be held on '

the Monday before michatlmai day, in every year, for the future, to return and transmit to such committee, at such quarterly meeting, a true and perfect account of all and every the sum or sums of money which shall have come to his hands, or been paid by him, since the then lad yearly account; which said account shall be taid before the judices of the peace for the said C wed

$** Anno docim© fcptitno Gbormi III cm. (1777,

West riding of she county of frat their general quarter fetrons of the peace yeady to be held next after Michaelmas, by adjournment at Leeds, in the said west riding, for their inspection and allowance.

The rate of XIX And it is hereby further enacted That in case at any din the time hereafter the moneys herein before directed and ordered to £ reduced Pa lf**° hands of the treasurer for the said west tiding of w * the county of York for the purposes aforesaid, shall, affter payment of all and every the charges and expenses herem before ordered and directed to be paid thereout, amount to the fumtf six hundred pounds; then, and iti such case, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said justices of the peace for the said west riding of the county of Tonnes, at their general quarter fcflions to be held at Leeds, as aforesaid, upon application made to them by the said committee, or any seven of them, by writing under their hands, or upon application made to them the said justices by fifty or more master manufacturers of combing wool, worftd yarn, or goods made from worded, within the said counties of Tori, Lancaster, and che/ier9 by writing also under their hands, to make orders for reducing the aforesaid twopence per fhillmg, Which the collectors and supervisors of excise are herein befoit directed to retain in their hands, to three halfpence, one penny, or a halfpenny per shilling, as they may think neceflery, unt8 such fund shall be reduced to three hundred pounds; and from time to time, upon like application, to advance or reduce the * same, so as the fund in the treafurer’s hands shall not exceed six

hundred pounds, nor be reduced to less than three hundred pounds, and so as the same shall never exceed the rate, proportion, or Aim of twopence per shilling, herein before diro2edto be deducted and retained as aforesaid.

How joftices XX And be it further enacted, That the justice or justices arc to proceed before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall on conviaion cause the said convidton to be made out in the manner and form of offenders. following. (that is to say).

Form of conte it remembered, That on the vision. JD day of in the year of our Lord

A. B. is convifled before me [or us] of his Majesty's justices of the peace for

[specifying the offence,

, and the place where the same was committed; and also specifying that it was the first, second, or third offence, against this act, as the case shall be.]

Given under my hand and seal [or, our bands and feats] the iof and year aforesaid.

Which conviction the said justice or justices shall caufetobe fairly wrote on parchment, and returned to the next general quarter session of the peace for the county, riding, di?ifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where such conviction was made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept among

the

1777*1 A decimo leptimo gfcosgii IL cit. $2$

the record of such county, riding, division, cky, liberty, town or place.

XXI And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Persont ag foid, That if any person or persons shall find him, her, or them tctthe (elves aggrieved by any order or warrant made by any justice or qu|£terft( justices, or upon any conviction before him or them in pursuance font

of this act, such person or persons may appeal to the next general quarter sessions to be held for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, which shall not be held within fourteen days next after the cause of appeal shall arise, giving, ten days notice of such appeal to the person or persons discovering the offence on which the conviction was made; and if the justices at tfie said quarter sessions either confirm or disannul the orders or proceedings of the said justice or justices, they shall allow such costs and charget to the party aggrieved thereby, as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such manner as is usual in cases of appeal from any order of the justices of the peace to the sessions, whose order therein shall be final. '

XXII Provided nevertheless, That the person or persons p^jons p appealing to the next general or quarter feifions of the peace as atorefoid, shall give security, to the fatisfodion of the said justice profecute^etc# or justices, to prosecute such appeal with effod; and to pay the

cons which shall be ascertained by the said general or quaner sessions, in case such order or judgement be affirmed; and the justices in the said general or quarter sessions are hereby authorised to hear and determine such appeal, and to make order therein; and to award such costs, as to them shall appear just; Order ofjuffi# which order shall be final and condufive to all parties, and shallcc* to be final not be removed or removable, by any writ of Certiorari, of otherwise, into any of his majeft/s courts of record at fveji* mhtftery or el few here.

XXIII Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That Proceedings no order, or other proceedings, so made or had, by or before

any justice of the peace, in relation to the precnifes, shall qoafhed or vacated for want of form only.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any suit or action shall be commenced or prosecuted adiom. against any person or persons, for anything done or to be done

in pursuance of this act, every such suit or action shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be several ly laid, brought, and tried in the counties of York, Lancaster, and Cbejier, as the case shall happen, and not elsewhere;; the defendant or defendants in such adlonsor suits shall and may plead the general issue. General issue.j and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of, and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such suit or action shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place, that then the jury shall find for

the

3*4

Treble costs.

Public aft.

Preamble. Aft 7 Geo. 3 recited)

pod farther

continued till

June i, 179s.

Preamble.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 12 — 14. c1777-

the defendant or defendants; and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or diicontinue his, her, or their action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given aeainft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs in other cases at law.

XXV And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public aft) and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without fpecialiy pleading the same.

CAP, XII

An act for building abridge across the river Severn, from or near a place called Preen's Eddy, in the parish of Brofelev, to or near a place called The sheep waq), in the parish of Sutton Maddock, in the county of sa lop j and for making proper roads and avenues to and from the same.

CAP. XIII

An at for continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent frauds andabufes in the admeasurement of coals sold by wharf measure, within the city of London and the liberties thereof and between Tower dock and limehoufe»hole, in the county of Middlesex.

WHEREAS ad act of parliament was made in the seventh year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, entitled, An act to prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals sold by wharf measure, within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and between tower dock and limehouse hole, in the county of Middlesex, which said act hath continuance from and after the first day of June, one thousand fevtn hundred and sixty seven, for the term offourteen years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas the said act hath been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall be and is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XIV

An act to enable his Majesty to licence a theatre in the city of Chester.

WHEREAS a licensed theatre or playhouse is desired in the city of Chester; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be eoafted j and be it enacted by the king’s most

ccllcnt

*777-1 Anno decimo septimo georgii illic. 15*16. j45

cellent majesty, by and with the advice and con Tent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of hiimajdhr an act of parliament, made in the tenth of his late Majesty's ’^nhettws^ reign, entitled. An act to explain and amend so much of an act, made patent for in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, entitled, An act establishing a for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beg theatre at gars, and vagrants, into one act of parliament; and for the more Cheftcr. effectual punching such rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and vagrants, and sending them whither they ought to be sent, as relates to common players of interludes \ whereby all persons are discharged to represent any entertainment of the stage whatever, in virtue of letters patent from his Majesty, or by licence of the lord chamberlain of his majesty’s household for the time being, except within the liberties of ivejlminfer, or where his Majesty is residing for the time being; be, and the same is hereby repealed, with respect to the said city of Chester and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to grant letters patent for establishing a theatre or playhouse within the said city of Chester, which shall be entitled to all the privilege, and subjected to all the regulations, to which any theatre or playhouse in Great Britain is entitled and subjected,

CAP. XV

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the pariihes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guifelev, Calverley, jbatley, Birstal, Mirfield, Hartifhead cum Clifton, Almondbury, kirk beacon, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the lordship or hbetty of Tong, in the west riding of the county of York $ and for extending the jurisdiction of the courts baron of the honour of Pontefract, manor of Wakefield, and manor of Bingley, in the said county.

CAP. XVI

An act for limiting the exemptions from toll tfgranted by any act orafts of parliament for repairing turnpike roads) on account of cattle going to and from water or pojlure.

WHEREAS an exemption from toll has, by several acts for Preamble repairing turnpike roadsy been granted for cattle going to and from water and pasure: and whereas many disputes have arisen how far that exemption extended \ and it is not reasonable that cattle going to and from water or pafure Should be exempted from tolly when they travel upony and make use of any turnpike road for any considerable length; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases where any exemp How far the lion from toll for cattle going to and from water or pasture, is exemption or shall be given by any act or acts made, or to be made, fr X oing repairing any turnpike road, such exemption shall only extend J * anvfrom to such cattle as shall be driven to Acid from water or pasture water or paf

from tore.

, s

Anno dcclmo septimo Georgii III C 17. [1777.

from one parish to the next adjoining parish, or to such cattle as shall not pass upon any such turnpike road, more than for the space of two miles in going to or returning from water or pasture. This a ft not II Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this

to exempt cat al contained shall exempt from the payment of toll, any cattle tle otherwjfe g0jng to and from water or pasture, for which any person shall toll.c t0 pay ** to pay toll, by any act made, or to be made, for repairing any turnpike road.

CAP. XVII

An act for dividing the chase of Enfield, in the county of Middlesex; and Tor other purposes theiein mentioned.

Preamble. Rights of parties. Claim of Trinity Coliege, Cambridge, to great tithes \ and of the vicar of Enfield to the foall tithes. Survey made, and plan taken. Quantity of land. The scheme of division. Allotment to Enfield. Allotment to Edmonton. Allotment to South Mimms. Allotment to Monken Hadley. Apportionment of Monken Hadley allotment. Allotment to the incumbent. Allotment to Hadley common. Proviso. Allotment to Enfield Old Park. A road to be made by Enfield Old Park. Proprietor of the park to pay 5i. a year to the parish of Edmonton j who are, to make and maintain the said road. Allotment to Old Fold manor. Reservation of common rights to Enfield Park and manor of Old Sold. Pinfolds reserved to the Croton. Stewards, etc. may remove pinfolds, with consent of churchwardens. Allotments to be accepted in lieu of other rights. Allotment in discharge of great tithes of certain parts of the chase. Directions for apportioning the residue of the tithe allotment. When referees differ in opinion, an umpire to be elected. For apportioning part of the tithe allotment. Enfield vicarage may be 'augmented, etc. Deed of augmentation to be enrolled. Allotments to be accepted in lieu of such tithes. Certain parts of the chase made tithe free. A reservation to tithe owners, till their allotments be fenced. Powers to compound for tithes of Enfield allotment. The like power as to Edmonton and Hadley allotments. The like for Hadley incumbent's allotment. The like for the owners of incroachments. Compositions for tithes not to prejudice lessees. Allotments to the King.. Fences to be made at his Majeity's expense. Except, etc. The nature of the fences described. Directions for planting quiclcsets, etc. By whom the fences are to be repaired. His Majesty, etc. empowered to grant leases for 99 years, and to mew the same. Clause for encouraging growth of timber on the King's allotments. His Majesty rights of chase refereed for a limited time. Owners of allotments may kill deer upon their own lands. Enfield chase, after Jan. r, 17791 to.be difehafed. Certain parts of the chase maybe imparked. Fisheries reserved to his Majesty for a limited time. Timber refereed to the crown for a limited time: Application of moneys arising from sale of timber. The crown empowered to sell certain parts of the ebase, etc. Purcbafers, on payment of purchase money, to be vetted in fee simple, etc. The crown not to sell more than *50 acres betides incroachmpnts. Application of the purchase money. Edmonton allotment annexed to that parish. South Mimms and Old Fold allotments annexed to South Mirams parish. Monken Hadley allotments annexed to Monken Hadley parish. The rest of the chase to belong to Enfield parish. Directions for aftcflingtbe King's allotment. Roads and bridges to be made at his Majesty ex pence. ‘A description thereof. The king’s and tithe allotments erected into a district for repair of roads. Two surveyors to be appointed. Surveyors, etc. empowered to get materials from commons, filling up pits. etc. Roads over the other parts of the chase, by whom to be made. Ridgeway road to be continued to Enfield town. Quarter sessions may convert certain private roads into public roads. a Owners of lands now part of the chase, excluded from rights of common in marshes, etc. Provisions for poffeflors of incroachments on the parish allotments. Confirmation of grants by

copy

1777*7 Anno decime septimo Georgii III a'17. 32/

copy of court roll. Confirmation of crown leases. On what terms pof fcftb of other incroachmmts may obtain leases. On what terms copy hold incroachments may be enfranchised or the fee simple of other in croachments may be purchased. Rectipts to be given for purchase moneys. The form thereof. Rights reserved till fences made. Enfield vicarial dues reserved. Dues to the other vicars. Powers for the parities to make rules and orders concerning theirrefps&ive allotments: Such rules and orders to be signed by the major part of landowners, etc. aftefled to the land tax at 10 L a year. Moneys accruing from parifii allotments, to be paid to churchwardens, etc. till order made to the contrary. 200 acres of Enfield allotment to be enclosed, and tithe free. Parilli officers, with consent of the vestry, may lease the same. Qualification of persons to vote in vestry. No lease to be granted for more than three lives or 99 years.

Proper roads to be left. Churchwarden of enfie’d empowered to demise xo acres to sir Thomas Hallifax, for 99 years; and 10 acres to Humphrey Bache, e q for the same term. Application of the rents of the 200 acres'.

Edmonton common to be (hut up 14 we: ks every year. Limitation of penalties for cattle trefpafling on the commons. Freeholders, etc. to have the same rfpts to recover as the crown would have had. flo new gates to be setup, or ways made, without leave of the veitry. Exceptions. Penalty on offenders. Recitals in refpeff of South Mimms pirifh. South Mimms allotment, and bentley heath, to be divided and allotted among the freeholders, etc. Commissioners appointed. Commissioners tov be fvrom. Oath of commissioners. When commissioners die, or refu'e to »&, new ones to be choien. Two commissioners to be a quorum. Notice ' of meetings and limirtions of diftanee Survey, admeasurement, etc. to be made. Incroachments made before Sept xg, 1776, ‘to be the property of the persons in possession. Exceptions. Parish rents reserved. commil fioners to appoint roads, fences, bridges, etc. At whose expense roads to be made and repaired. Vicarage of South Mimms to be augmented. '

Vicar, with consent of the patron, etc. may exchange lands allotted to him. Appointment of the residue of the waste. Allotments for cottages, etc. Allotments to other persons. Assessments to be consolidated. Own. eis of two or more cottages to be allotted one acre for each. Two d waitings under one roof but one cottage. Provision for untenanted houses.

An exception as to Mr. Alien, the brewers company, and Shenley parish.

Earl of Salisbury's allotment, in discharge of manerial rights and tithes. Coouniffiqners to have regard to the quality and situation of the lands, etc.

Mr. Byng's allotment. Mr. Byng to make a certain part of the road, and to keep it in repair for 7 years. Allotment to Mr. Bowyer. Power to exchange lands. Allotments to be iuclofecj, etc. Penalty on persons neglecting to indofe. May be levied by diltress, etc. Gaps to be left in the fences. Allotments to be accepted within a certain time. Guardians, etc. may accept. non acceptance of guardians not to prejudice infants, etc. This act not to affect wills or settlements, etc. Allotments to be freeholds. Allotments to be the immediate property of the landlords. Leflces may appeal to commissioners. Tenants for life, etc. empowered to borrow money to enclose, etc. and to mortgage the allotments for a security. in terest to be kept down. Mortgages, etc. may be assigned. Commissioners to make an award. Award to be ingracted, and enrolled in the duchy court. Right of common, etc. to cease. The lease of the coney warren to be vacated from ft. 1, 1777. For selling Mr. nicoll’a cottage and land.

For sale of Mr. Ruftell's cottages and lands. Valuation of timber to be made on oath. The oath. Commissioners to notify the value of the trees on each person's allotment. If owners of farth decline the purchase, the trees to be sold by public au&ion. Application of purchase money of land, timber, etc. In case of d ficiency, how the same shall be fuppjied.

Allowance to the commissioners. Commissioners to account, etc. Brew » company to enfranchise their copyhold t nements, etc. Form of en franchiiemcnt. Mimms allotment to be a seigniory. Its name. Churchwardens incorporated. Clause for preserving new fences. No sheep to be keprin the new enclosures for 7 years 1 except, etc. Tenants for life, etc. empowered to cut dowa and carry away trees, buffees, etc. Power for the VOL. XXXI A a vicart

✓

328 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 18. [*777-

▼tears of Enfield, etc. and Hadley incumbents, to grant leafet. How rents hall be paid on death, cession, or resignation. Clause for prore&ion of tne woods. Penalty for destroying fences. Method of recovering penalties. How justices to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conviction. Hadley parish to be within the jurisdiction of the ordinary. Certain tn. C oachments enfranchised. For ascertaining tenures. Six parts to be made ot the survey, and to be certified by the speaker of the houfeof commons: to be kept in the parish chelu.trinir) Coliege, and in the duchy office. Per font aggrieved may appeal to the quarter ftfiions; whole determination shall be final. Limitation of actions. General ifl\ie may be pleaded to actions. Saving the rights of the New River company. Genera) laving of rights. Pubuck ad.

CAP. XVIII

An act for enabling the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, to purchase the prefenl tolls and duties payable for navigating upon the river Thames, vjeftward of london bridge, within the liberties of the city of London, and for a laying a small toll in lieu thereof for the purpose of more effectually completing the aid navigation \ and for other purposes.

Preamble. \kf H E R E AS by an act of parliament, made in the fourteenth a^ted^c°3' * * year f the rein f ^ts Present Majesty, entitled, An ad rtci * more effectually to improve and complete the navigation of the river Thames, westward of london bridge, within the liberties of the city of London, and to prevent any vessel or barge from being moored in taplow mill dream, in the county of Rucks; the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common council of sembled, were and are authorised and empowered to improve and complete the navigation of the said river, between the city of London and the city Jlone above stains bridge, in the county of Middlesex

whereas the may or, alder men, and commons, of the city of London,

have proceeded to carry the said oft into execution, and fevcrcl necessary and expensive works have been performed within their junf diction, between the city of London and the city Jlone above stains bridge, whereby the navigation bath been greatly improved, the pfe sage for boats and barges rendered more expeditious, and the expentes of navigating confederably reduced: and zybercas the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, have already applied near Un thousand pounds in this service, out of their own efeates, but find that) notwithstanding so large a sum has been expended by them, other works, very necessary for completing the improvement of the said navigation, fill remain to be done, the probable expense of which will, as the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, have been informed amount to the additional sum of near eight thousand pounds, over anl above a eonfiderable expeme that will annually be incurred in repairing and supporting the workj: and whereas the mayor, aldermen, anl commons, of the city of London, are deferous of being enabled to pur ebafe the several tolls and duties or other fumy of money now colleftd and taken for barges and other vessels navigating, and for horses drawing set b barges and vessels, within the limits before mentioned \ ani propose that the said tolls and duties, or other sums of money so pur, clajed by them, Shall cease and be no longer paid; as they apprebeni, from the circumfeances and nature of the said tolls and duties, anl

x777-1 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 18. 329

aether furm of money, that they are attended with great inconveniences to the navigation, and to the public: and the aid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in order to carry the good purposes of the said jormcr act into execution, and to enable them to purchase the present tolls and duties, and payments, and to complete the fold navigation, are also desirous that they Should be empowered to lay a small toll, in lieu of the present tolls and duties, and payments, upon the fev.ral barges, boats, and other veffeh, navigating the said river, between london bridge, and the city Jlone above stains bridge, according to the quantity of tonnage : but, as the same cannot be done without the aid and authority of parliament, may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king’s moult excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confenr of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be law Power given fii! for the said mayor, aidermen, and commons, in common to the mayor, council assembled, and they are hereby empowered to treat and etc. in com. agree with the owners and occupiers of, and other persons interested in, the several tolls and duties and payments, now col pur£hafe I™ Jested and taken for barges and other vessels navigating, and for old tolls and horses drawing such barge? and vessels, between the city of Lon duties, etc. don and the city done above stains bridge, for the purchase of such tolls and duties; and with the owners and occupiers of, and other persons interested in, such lands or grounds as they shall judge fit to be purchased for the purpose of erecting toll houses and toll gates, or other the purposes of this act.

II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Bodies poli it shall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politic, corpo ticic» truitecs, rate, or collegiate, or corporations aggregate or foie, trustees and feoffees in trust, guardians, and committees for lunatics and convey tolls? idiots, executors, administrators, and guardians whatsoever, not duties, and only for or on behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cefiuique truffs, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other persons whatsoever; and to and for all femes covert who are or shall be seized in their own right, and to and for all and every person and persons whomsoever who are or shall be feizod or possessed of, or interested in, any of the tolls or duties or payments, now collected and taken, for barges and other vessels, navigating, or for horses drawing such barges and vessels, within the limits herein before mentioned, or any lands or grounds, which by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or committee to be bv thetri appointed, shall be thought neceftary to be purchased for the purposes of this act, to sell and convey al or any such tolls, duties, lands, and grounds, or any part thereof, to the said mayor and com monalty, and citizens; and that all contrasts, agreements, bar *°

gains, sales, and conveyances, which (lull be made by such ** 1 persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in law, to all intents and purposes, not only to convey the estate and interest of the person and persons conveying, but also to convey all right, estate,

A a 2 interest,

3p

If parties refuse to treat, etc. a jury to be summoned

Anna dtcimo septimo Georgii III C 18. [; 1777.

: ipferect, use, property, claim, and demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cejluique trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or other persons whomsoever, and ail claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under them; any law, statute, usage, or any other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: and that ajl such persons so conveying as aforesaid, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do, by virtue of, or in pursuance of this act, .notwithstanding any omission or mistake of matter or form whatsoever. And if it shall happen that any perlbn or persons, body or bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, or other person or persons fe»fed or possessed of, or interested ina any such' ' duties, lands, or grounds, as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree for the tale and conveyance of their respective estates and interests therein, with the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council a (Tcm bled, or with any person or persons authorised by them, or shall not produce and evince a clear title to the premises, they arc in poilefiion of, or to the interest they claim, to the satisfaction of the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in comipon council assembled, or to the person or persons Jo aurhorifed by them; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the court of mayor and aldermen 0/ the said city, to be ho! Jen in the outer chamber of the guild htyll of the said city, according to the custom of the said city; .and the said court is hereby empowered and authorised, to iitue a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, directed to the sheriffs pf the city of London, or the fhcriff of the county of Middle, or the sheriff of the county of Surry, as the case shall require, who are, and each of them is hereby authorised, directed, and required, accordingly, to impanel and return a competent number of fuhftantial and disinterested persons qualified to serve on juries, not Jess than forty eight, nor more than seventy two, and out of such persons foto be impannelied, summoned, and returned, a jury of twelve persons shall be drawn by some person to be by the said court appointed, in such manner as juries for the trial of ifiues joined in his majesty’s courts at jveflminfier^ (by an ad, made in the third year of the reign of his late rciajerty King George the second, entitled, An act for the better regulation cf juries,) are directed to be drawn; which persons foto be im panntllcd, summoned, and returned, as aforesaid, arc hereby required to come and appear before the said court of mayor and aldermen, if the tolls, duties, lands, or grounds in question, are collected and taken, or lie in the said city of London, or the liberties thereof, at such time and place, as in such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, shall be directed and appointed; and if the tolls, duties, lands or grounds in question, are collected and tjken, or lie in either of the counties of Middlesex, or Surry, to come and appear before the justices of the peace tor the county where the tolls or duties are collected, cr the lands or grounds in * question lie, at some general quaiter fcltions of the peace, to be held for the faiqe county, or some adjournment thereof; and

1777-], Anno decimo fcptima gtorgii IN. C 18.

33 *

to attend the said courts respectively, from day today, until discharged by the said courts respectively; and a)) parties con jurymen may cerncd thall and may have their lawful challenges against any of be challenged, the said jurymen, but shall not be at liberty to challenge the array: and the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices as aforesaid, respectively, re hereby authorised and empowered, by precept or precepts, from time to tiir.o, as occafioft shall require, to call before them all and every person and persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper or needfary to be examined as a witness or wifnefies, on their oarh or oaths, touching and Witreflesma/ concerning the premises: : the said court of mayor and alder be examined men, or judices, as aforesaid, respectively, if they think sir, shallonoat ' and may likewise authorise the said jury to view the place or places in qutftion, in such manner as they shall dirc6t; and thtf said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, as aforesaid, re fpe6lively, (hal! have power to adjourn such meeting from day today, as occasion shall require, and to command such jury, Jury to eit witnefies, and parties, to attend until all such affairs, for which q*»i«e inro th they were summoned, shall be coneluded; and the said jury, upon their oaths (which oaths, as also the oaths to such person jan(fe .etc, fa or persons as shall be'called upon to give evidence, the faidqueftion. court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, as aforesaid, respective ly, are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall inquire of the value of such tolls, duties, lands, and grounds, and of the respective estate and interest of every person seized or possessed thereof, or intererted therein, or of or in any part thereof and shall assess and award the sum or sums to be paid to every such person or persons, for the purchase of such their estates and interests; and the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, as aforesaid, respectively, shall and may give judgement for such sum or sums of money, foto be assessed;; said verdht or Verdict of verdiets, and the said judgement, decree, or determination there Jury. etc. f€f upon, notice in writing being given to the person or persons interested, or claiming foto be, at lead fourteen days before the time of such assessment, declaring the time and place of the meeting or the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, as aforesaid, respectively, and jury, by leaving such notice at the dwelling house of such person or persons, or at his, her, or their usual place or places of abode, or with some lessee, tenant, or occupier of some of the said tolls, duties, lands or grounds intended to be valued and assessed, in case such party cannot otherwise be found out to be served with such notice) shall be binding and conelusive, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, against, all and every person and persons, bodies politic and corporate, claiming any estate, right, title, trust, use or interest, in, to, or out of the said toils, duties, lands or grounds, either in possession, reveriion, ' remainder, or expectancy, as well infants and issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, and femes covert, and persons under any other legal incapacity or ditability, as all other tcf.uique trusts, his, her, and their heirs, fucccfibrs, executors, and administrators, and against all other persons whomsoever \ thw

said

Arguments and conveyances to be made to the Maj or, etc.

Anno decimo leptimo Georgii III C 18. [1777.

said verdis, judgements, and decrees, and all other proceedings of the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices as aforesaid, relpedfivcly, and juries, foto be made, given, : nd pronouneed, as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on parchment, and signed and sealed by the mayor for the time being, or by the justices present, or; he major part of them.

III And it is hereby.further enabled and declared. That upon payment of Lch sum or sums of money, foto be awarded or adjudged, the person or persons, to whom the same shall be so awarded for the purchase of the said tolls, duties, lands or grounds, or for the purchase of any estate or interest therein.. make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal conveyances, assignments, and assurances in the law, to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the said tolls, duties, lands and grounds, or of such estate or interest for which such sum or sums of money shall be so awarded, and shall procure all necessary parties to execute such conveyances, alignments, and assurances, and shall do all acts, matters, and things, neceftary and requisite to make a good, clear, apd perfect title, to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens; and such conveyances, alignments, and assurances, shall contain all such reasonable and usual covenants as shall, on the part of the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, be If person'can required : and in case such person or persons, to whom such sum not evince a or lums of money shall be so awarded, as aforesaid, shall not be able to evince their title to the premises, to the satisfaction of the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council alfetn* bled, and to make, or procure to be made, good, valid, and legal conveyances thereof, to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or shall refuse foto do, being thereto required, and such sum or sums so alfclted and awarded as aforeiafd,. being produced and tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making such title, and executing, or procuring to be executed, such conveyances, aftignments, or assurances, as aforesaid; or in case such person or persons to whom such sum and sums of whertthe110^ money ke awar^e(l as aforesaid, cannot be found in the lands etc. lie c'fy or counly where the toils, duties, lands or grounds, for ’which the said sums shall be so alfelfed or awarded, are collected and taken, or lie; or in case, that by reason of disputes, depending in any court of law or equity, or for defect of evidence, it shall not appear to the said mayor, aldermen, and commons in common council alfcmbled, what person or persons is or arc the purchase intiiled to the premises in question; then, and in every such money to be case as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said court of'mayor and aldermen, to order the said sum or sums, so aftefied and awarded as aforesaid, as the value of, and purchase money for, the said tolls, duti s, lands and grounds refpetfively, to be paid into the bank of England, for the use of the parties mrercfttd in the said prefnifes, to be paid to them, and every of them, according to their respective estates and interest therein, at such time as the said court of mayor and aldermen shall order

q and

clear title to the premises.

or cannot he found in the

lodged in the bank.

33$

1777*1 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 18.

and direct; and the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, vrho shall receive such sum or sums, is and are hereby required to give a receipt or receipts for such sum or sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose use the same is or are received, to such personas shall pay any such sum or sums into the bank as aforesaid.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, verdich and That all such verdiets, judgements, sentences, decrees, orders, decree of the and other proceedings of the said court of mayor and aldermen, court of alder or justices as aforesaid, respectively, and juries, as relate to, ore Concern any tolls, duties, lands or grounds, foto be purchafedamongdie as aforesaid; and all receipts which the said cashier or cashiers of record of the the bank shall give for any sum or’fums of money, paid into the said court bank in consequence of any such verdict and judgement, shall be entered among the records of the said court of mayor and aldermen, or general quarter sessions of the peace sot the said county of Middleftx, or the said county of Surry, as the case shall happen to be; and the said verdiets, judgements, sentences, decrees, and orders, and other proceedings, shall be deemed and taken to be records, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and the same, or true copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual evidence and proof, in any court or couris and to be of law or equity whatsoever and all persons shall and may have deemed good recourse to the famegrj//j, and take copies thereof, paying forcvldcnct* every copy, not exceeding two hundred words, sixpence, and so proportionably for any greater or letter number or words: and After such immediately after such verdiets, judgements, sentences, decrees, verdi£h, ctc. orders, and other proceedings of the said court of mayor andthc du “aldermen, or justices aforesaid respectively, and juries, and of to b/purchaf! such receipt or receipts of the said cashier or cashiers as aforesaid, ed, vetted in all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim the maydrand and demand, in law and equity, of the person or persons for citiacus., whose use such money shall be paid, in, to, and out of the said tolls, duties, lands and grounds to be purchased as aforesaid, shall vest in the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and they shall be deemed in law to be in the actual poflfeflion thereof, to all intents, and purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually, as if every person, having any estate in the premises, had aciually conveyed the same byleafe and release, bargain and sale in rolied, grant, feoffment with livery and seisin, fine and recovery, or any other legal conveyance whatsoever; and such payments shall not only bar ail right, title, interest, claim, and demand, of the person or persons to whole use such payments were made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the dower and dowers of the wife and wives of such person and persons, and all estates tail, in possession, reversion, or remainder, and all rights and titles, in respect of any such estate tail, against the issue and ilfues of such person and persons, and every person claiming under them, as effectually as a fine or recovery would do, if levied or suffered by the proper parties in due form of law.

A I 4 V pro

33+

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 18. [1777.

Court of al V Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful for the clermen may fajj court of mayor and alderpien, after such payment into the chase money hank, and entry of the receipt aforesaid, at the petition of any in the funds person or persons in pofteflion of such tolls, duties, lands or on govern grounds, to place out or invest, or to cause to be placed out or ment security, inverted, such sum or sums of money, or any part thereof, in €tc' _ some of the public funds, or on government security, at interest, in the name or names of any person or persons authorised and appointed by the said court of mayor and aldermen for that purpose, in trust, to transfer and assign the same to the person or persons to whom the premises belong, on their executing proper conveyances thereof, and in the mean time in trust, to pay the interest and dividends arising therefrom to such person or persons as was or were in pofteflion of the said premises, at the time of the said payment into the bank.

personsvi. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled. That all and tied to the every person or persons who would be entitled to recover the premises, may me^nc profits of the premises, against the person or persons in recover in re pofteflion, in case the same had not been so conveyed to or verted rest by action in the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforesaid, of debt, etc. shall be entitled to recover the sum or sums to arise from such interests and dividends as aforesaid, by atftion of debt, or otherwise, against the person or persons who shall receive the same; and the said court of mayor and aldermen are hereby empowered and authorised to make such order as aforesaid on the bank, for the payment of such sum or sums of money, or any part thereof, as shall be necessary, in order to the same being so inverted in public securities: and the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, shall be quieted in the pofteflion of the premises, for < which such money shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be

answerable or accountable, in any court of law or equity, for the money so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the purport and true meaning of this ac1. same covert VII And be it further enacted. That in case any femc finfte'etc^o covcrt s or m fee*ample, or in tail, general or

have her pur special, of an such tolls, duties, lands or grounds, foto be purchase money chased as aforesaid, by the said mayor and commonalty, and paid to whom citizens, or of any interest in the same, to her separate use, free minatelin°- the control or intermeddling of her husband, the pur

chase money, arising from the sale of such eft ate or interest of such same covert, on the conveyance of such estate or interest to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, shall be paid either to the husband of such same covert, at her request, or to filch person or persons as (he shall, by writing under her hand, nominate to receive the same, in trust, to be re invested in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled for such use, eftater and inrerect, as the said same covert had in the pre, rml'es so purehafed by the said mayor and commonalty, and CI tizens.

monjy^n VIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, ctruin cases, That the principal, money arising from the hie of any tolls,

duties,

i?77*] Anno decimo fepdmo Georgii III C is. S3S

duties, lands or grounds, which shall be purchased for any of^allbcdir. the purposes of this act, of or from anybody corporate or col p^e<i °** legiate, corporation aggregate or foie, feoffees in trust, guardians, committees, or other trustees, or from any same covert, shall be paid to such persons as they shall refpedbvely nominate to receive the same, in trust, with all convenient speed then afterwards, to be re invested in the purchase of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to the likd uses, trusts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the tolls, duties, lands and grounds, which shall be purchased from them reipedlively, by the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or assured, at the time of such purchasing of the same, or so many thereof as at the time of making such conveyances and settlements shall be existing and capable of taking effect.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Bargains and the conveyance of any such estate or interest, of any same covert, farce octo the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or any person fiaet or co or persons in trust for them, by bargain and sale, acknowledged very.

by such same covert, and enrolled in the court of huftingsof the said city, according to the custom of the said city, within six calendar months after the making thereof, shall as effedhially and absolutely convey the estate and interest of such same covert in the premises, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, would or could do, if levied or suffered thereof, in due form of law.

And further, that all bargains and Tales whatsoever, to be made of any such tolls, duties, lands and grounds, as shall be purchased by the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforesaid, shall have the force, efsect, and operation in law, to all intents and purposes, which any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatsoever, would have, if levied or suffered by the bargainer or bargainers, or any person or persons seized of any estate in the premises, in trust for, or to the use of fuel) bargainer or bargainers, in any legal manner or form whatsoever.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Person infe

all and every person and persons whosoever, having any right, ^

title, interest, use, property, claim, or demand whatsoever, whe entcj.a njcmo. there in possession, reversion, remainder, or expedtancy, or other rial of their wise, in, to, or out of, any tolls, duties, lands, or grounds, rjght within which by virtue of this act shall he purchased by and conveyed, hvc cas

or mentioned or intended to be conveyed, to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, by any such bargain and sale as aforesaid, shall, within the space of five years, to be computed from the date of the inrolmenr of such bargain and sale, enter a memorial of such their ri; ht, title, interest, use, property, claim, and demand, in a book to be for that purpose prepared and kept in a book to by the town clerk or the said city of Lowhn^ or the clerk of the b prepared peace for tfie county respectively; which book the said town ^hc^wn* clerk, and clerk of the peace respectively, are hereby iequiredcv'r, CC to prepare and keep accordingly; and for which entry they shall be entitled to such fee, and no other, as the register of the county.

cf

such right.

Persons To barred may bring aft ion f

money.

336 Anno decimo septimo Gcorgh III C 18. [*777.

of Middlesex is by law.intitled to, for the registry of a memorial or be for ever containing the same number of words; and all and every person barred of all, or pcrf0ns whosoever, not entering such right, claim, and demand, within such tidoe, and in such manner as aforesaid, or having so entered the same, and not prosecuting such their right, claim, or demand, with efsect, within the space of five years, to be computed from the time of such entry, shall be for ever barred of all right, title, use, equity, property, claim, and demand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expcdlaney, or otherwise, in, to, or upon, or out of the said premises, and every part thereof; and the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the possession of such premises, any law, statute, usage, matter, or thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL Provided nevertheless, That any person or persons, barred of any right, title, estate, interest, claim, or demand whatsoever, in, of!deb??gainftto* orout f ^ tos duties, lands and grounds, by virtue the receiver of this a, shall be at liberty to bring any action or actions of

the purchase debt, for money had and received to his or their use, against any person or persons, or the legal representative of any person or persons, who received the purchase money arising from such sale of the said tolls, duties, lands, or grounds aforesaid; and that in every such case the plaintiff or plaintiffs, on proof of such title as would have enabled them to recover such tolls, duties, lands, or grounds, or any part thereof, or any estate or interest in the same, shall recover the said purchase money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their interest in the said premises, together with such ihtereft as shall be equivalent to the mesne profits of the premises which they would have been entitled to recover, in case this act had not been made.

XII And be it further enacted. That all and every person and persons, who shall have any mortgage or mortgages on such tolls, duties, lands, or grounds, not being in possession thereof by virtue of such mortgage or mortgages, shall, on the tender of the principal money, and interest due thereon, by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or by such person or persons as they shall appoint, immediately assign and transfer such mortgage and mortgages to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or to such person or persons, as they shall appoint, in trust for them; and in case such mortgagee or mortgagees shall have notice in writing, from the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, that they will pay off and discharge the principal and interest which shall be due on the said mortgage or mortgages, at the end or expiration of six calendar months, to be computed from such notice given; and at the end of the said six calendar months, in case payment, or a legal tender shall bp made of the principal and iqtereft so due, and such mortgagee or mortgagees, or those claiming under, or in trust for him, her, or them, shall refuse or neglect effectually to convey and assign his, her, or

their

Mortgagees, on tender ot' principal and luterest, to convey, etc.

On refusal, after six months notice, interest to ccafc.

337

17770 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C i8..

their interest in the premises, to the said mayor and common' ' and citizens, or such person or persons as they shall appoint, in trust for them, that then immediately after such payment or tender made, all interest on every such mortgage shall cease and determine,

XIII And be it further enabled. That upon payment of the On payment principal money and interest, due on any mortgage, as aforesaid, ones uito** into the bank, at the end of six calendar months from such no th^bank, pre ticc as aforesaid, for the use of the mortgagee or mortgagees, the mises to vat. cahier or calhiers of the bank shall give a receipt or receipts for in the city, the said money, in like manner as is herein before directed in cases

of other payments into the bank; and thereupon all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and demand, of the said mortgagee or mortgagees, and of every person or persons in trust for, or claiming under, him, her, or them, shall vest in the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual polteflion of the premises comprised in such mortgage or mortgages, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XIV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Expencet of That in all cases where any verdict as aforesaid shall be given i«ne* howto for a greater sum than shall have been offered by or on the be b.c.. dcfrayed half of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of. the city of

London, or in case no such offer shall have been made before the summoning of any such jury, that then all the expenses of summoning such jury, and the witnesses, and of taking such inquest,

shall be paid by the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the city of London: but if any such verdict shall be given for no more, or for a less sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the behalf of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the city of London, then, and in every such case, such expenses shall be defrayed by the owners of, or the persons interested in such tolls, duties, lands, or grounds in question; and such expenses shall be deducted and taken out of the moneys to be affected and adjudged, and such deduction shall be deemed and taken as payment of so much thereof.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Fines on (he * the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, as afore ^nl^eftin said, respectively, shall have power, from time to time, to im their *juty: °* pose any reasonable fine, not exceeding the sum of ten pounds,

on such sheriff or iheriffs, or their deputy or deputies, bailiffs or agents, respectively, making default in the premises; an<j on any of the oerfons who shall be summoned and returned on any such jury or juries, who thall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said jury or juries, or being so sworn shall not

Sive his or their verdict; and also on any person or persons who rail be summoned to give evidence touching any the matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or shall refuse to be sworn, or who being sworn shall refuse to give his, her, or their evidence; also on any other person or persons who shall in any other manner wilfully neglcdl his or their duty in the premises, contrary

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 18. [1777.

Penalty on giving filje evidence.

The present toils and du ties to cease, when vclted in the mayor,

may be levied trary to the true intent and meaning of this ak: and from time by dill refs and to time t0 ievy such fine or fines, by order of the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, as cforesaid, respectively, by distress and sale t>f the offender’s goods, together with the reasonable charges of every such distress and sale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners.

XVI And be it further enaefte^, That all and every person or persons, who, in any examination to he taken by virtue of this at, shall give false evidence before the said coort of mayor and aldermen, or before any justices of the pence, shall and may be prosecuted for the same; and upon conviction thereof, lhail be subject to such punishments and disqualifications as any person or persons would be subject to for wilful and corrupt perjury, by any of the laws or statutes of this realm.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That immediately after the said tolls and duties, and payments, foto be purchased, shall be respectively conveyed to, or otherwise vested in the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, by virtue, or in pursuance of this act, the lame shall refpedivcly cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any law, statute, custom, or prefeription, to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII I. And whereas, by reason of the pur chases which the faii mayor and commonalty, and citizens, tyre hereby empowered to make, they may happen to be pffiffed offame piece or pieces of ground over and above what may be neeffary for any of the purposes of this be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to ard for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, to let, fell, or dispose of, any such piece or pieces of ground, either together or in pareels, as they shall think moult advantageous and convenient, to such person or persons as (hill be willing to contract and agree for or purchase the same.

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, in confiderationof the great charges and expcnccs the said br taken after mayor, aldermen, and commons, will be at in improving and May 1*1777. completing the said navigation, and for keeping the works in repair, and in purchafmg the tolls and duties now collected and taken for barges and other vessels navigating, and for horses drawing such barges and vessels, within the limits herein before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorised and empower,, from time to time, and at all times, from and after the first

day of May now next ensuing, to take, demand, recover, and receive, .or cause to be taken, demanded, recovered, and received, for all barges, and other vessels whatsoever, which shall be navigated upon the said river Thames, or any part thereof, between london brnge and the city stone above stains bridge, (except as herein after is mentiorfed) iuch sum and sums of money, in the nature of a tollor duty, tolls or duties, as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, upon

due

Common council ini powered to let, fell, etc. any ground not necessary tor the pur pos ot this alt.

New tolls to

0

1777.} Anno dsoimo septimo Georgii III CI 339

due consideration of the expenses of improving and completing the said navigation, and purchasing the tolls and duties now collected and taken for badges and other vessels navigating, and or horses drawing such barges and vessels, within the limits aforesaid, shall, from time to time, think proper, not exceeding the tolls and duties herein after mentioned; (that is to say,

For all barges and vessels navigated on the said river west yard of london bridge, to Strand on the Green or Brentford, one halfpenny per tonne; to lfeworth* ox Richmond, one penny per tonne; to Twickenham, or Teddington, one penny halfpenny rr tonne tq Kingiion, or Hampton Wick twopence per tonne; to Ditton„

hampton court 1 Moulfey*. or Hampton twopence halfpenny per tonne; to Suhbury* wa[ton* haw/ord* Shepperton, or Weybridge* threepence per tonne; to cbert/ey* or Lalebam* threepence halfpenny per tonne; to Stains, and upwards, fourpence per tonne:

Which said tells and duties shall be paid to such person or per to whom the fons, at such place or places near to the said river Thames, in toll shall be fgeb manner, and under such regulations, as the said mayor, al paid dermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall from time to t'mie direst and appoint: and in case of denial or Method of neglect of payment of any such toll or duty, tolls or duties, or recovering any part or parts thereof, on demand, to such person or persons as aforesaid, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, may sue for the same by action of debtor upon the case, in the name of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the city of London, in any court of record; or the person or, persons to whom the said tolls or duties ought to have been paid, may, and he and they is and are hereby im powered to seize and detain such barge or vessel, for or in re (jpect whereof any toll or duty, tolls or duties, ought to be paid, until payment thereof, together with reasonable charges for such seizure and detention; and if the same shall not be redeemed within four days after the taking thereof, the same may be appraised and. sold, as the law directs in case of distress for rent.

XX Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au provifofor thority aforesaid. That if all the tolls and duties, now collected deducing the and taken for barges and other vessels'navigating, and for out of the new horses drawing such barges and vessels, within the limits herein to|j, t jn case before mentioned, shall not cease and be determined by virtue thy shall fub or in pursuance of this at, before the said first day or May now f|ft fer rhc next enfulng, that then, and in such c^fe, all and every person jjjj

and persons who, after the said first day of May now next enfu *** ing, shall pay all or any of such tolls or duties for any barg^ or barges, or other vessel or vessels navigating, or for horses drawing such barge or barges, vessel or vessels, within the limits aforesaid, after the said first diy of May now next ensuing, or any of them, shall and may dedueft out of the tolls and duties to be made payable under, or by virtue of this atft, all such sum and sums of money, as he, (he, and they respectively shall pay for or

Owners of

▼effeis to put their names

marked.

Offenders to

forfeit 40 s. ach.

Anno decimo feptimq georgii III C 18. [1777.

in respect of the tolls and duties now collected and taken as aforesaid, or any of them; which sum and sums of money shall be accordingly allowed to such person and persons respectively, anything herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding' '

And it is hereby furtherenafled by the authority aforesaid. That all and every owner and owners of any barge or other vessel on the^utfides pan? 011 the ^aic* r, ver Tbamts, between the limits aforesaid, thereof. shall, at his, her, or their own expense, cause his, her, or their name or names to be fet in legible painted white capital letters, of the length of six inches, and the breadth of one inch, on each of the outsides of every such barge or other vessel, higher than the same (halt fink into the water when full loacted, and cause the same to be renewed or restored so often as the same shall be Vessel to t worn out or defaced in part, or in the whole; and shall also per measured andrnit and suffer every such barge or other vessel to be measured and gauged, and marked with the number of the tonnes of her burden, at the expense of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the city of London, whenever it shall be required by them, or such person or persons as shall be appointed by them for that purpose; which number of tonnes so marked shall be accounted the tonnage of such barge or other vessel, and toll paid for it accordingly: and all and every such owner and owners as shall refuse or neglect to put his, her, or their name or names, on any such barge or other vessel, in manner aforesaid; or shall alter, deface, erase, or destroy, any letter, deferibing any such name or tonnage as aforesaid; or shall navigate, or cause or suffer to be navigated, upon the said river, within the limits aforesaid, any such barge or other vessel, not having the name or names of the owner or owners thereof, and tonnage, fet thereon in legible painted white capital letters of the dimer.fions aforesaid, higher than the same shall fink into the water when full loacted; or shall refuse to have his, her, or their barge, or other vessel, measured, gauged, or marked, as aforesaid, he, (he, and they shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay to the said mayor, commonalty, and citizens, or their assigns, the sum of which may be forty (billings; which said forfeiture and forfeitures shall and levied by dismay recovered in a summary way, by information or complaint, to be upon oath made to the mayor or any of the aldermen of the city of London, for the time being, or to any one of his majesty’s justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, or the county of Surry, (which said oath they are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer) and be levied by distress and sale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the h&nd and seal of such mayor, alderman, orjufticeof the peace, and shall go and be applied in the manner following; (that is to say,) one moiety to the informer or informers, complainant or complainants; and the other moiety to and for such uses and purposes as the tolls and duties, by this act granted and made payable, arc herein after directed to be paid and applied.

XXII And

treis.

1777-3 Anno decimo leptimo georgh II 341

XXII And be it further ensiled by the authority aforesaid.

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, al Power to dermen, and commons, in common council assembled, and they crest to11* are hereby authorised and empowered, to cause any toll houses sate#*etc# and toll gates to be erec1ed, built, and made, upon the lands or grounds foto be purchased by them as aforesaid, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof, for the purpose of collecting the tolls and duties to be made payable in pursuance of this act.

XXIII Provided always, and be it enacted. That nothing No toll gates in this at contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to to be erected authorise or empower the said mayor and commonalty, and CI ^^s!*111 tizens, to compel or oblige the owner or proprietor, owners or p proprietors, of any garden, orchard, yard, park, paddock, or

planted avenue to any house, which hath been respectively. used as such six calendar months before the paflingof this a, or the owner or proprietor, owners or proprietors, of any message or tenement, erected or built, or begun to be erc<ftcd or built, six calendar months before the paflingof this a c1, to pull down, let, fell, or convey, such message, tenement, garden, orchard, yard, park, paddock, or avenue, or any part thereof, to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or any other person or persons; nor shall anything in this act contained empower the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, to erecf any toll gate or toll house upon any garden, orchard, park, paddock, or planted avenue to any house, or upon any part of the lands or grounds lying between the garden of his grace the duke of Montague, situate at Richmond, and the road leading from the hamlet of Ham to Twickenham ferry; or upon a piece of ground granted by the crown to lord Cholmondely, and now in possession of the right honourable Georgiana countess dowager Cowper; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall Certain places not be lawful for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, or J, ” rfesfoall any other person or persons, to make use of horses for towing of not be uied boats, barges, or other vessels, on the Surry side of the said river, for towing between his majesty’s barge house, at Kew and the feite of his vc^eh§ majesty’s ancient palace of Richmond, in the county of Surry;

nor upon the Middlesex side of the said river from the town of ijleworth, to the upper end of the land now in the occupation of the earl of Buckinghamfhirey in the parish of Twickenham without leave of the refpetfive proprietors of the land on the said Middlesex Me of the river; anything in this a, or in an ac1 of the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, contained to the contrary notwithftandng.

XXV And whereas the King's most excellent majesty hath been graciously pleased for the conveniency of the inhabitants of Richmond and Kew, and the towns and villages adjacent, to cause a commodious public footwalk to be made along the side of the river from the late barfe ferry at Kew, to the feite of his Majesty's ancient palace of Richmond: and whereas there is also a commodious public foot walk

next

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 18. [1777.

next the said river, extending the whole length of the cite of the same palace, part thereof which, if made use of as a towing path by

horses, would greatly injure the said foot walks % and render the same dangerous to pnjfengers walking thereon \ and as it may be of mare pub lick utility to have barges touted by horses rather than by men it is therefore also provided and enacted by the authority aforesaid, Horses may That if the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, do make, or t^ne boats cau^c ta be mae, on the shore of the Surry side of the said river, etc froro Kew a proper towing path for horses, from his majesty’s said barge t#gichmond, house at Kew, to a place called water lane, in Richmond aforesaid, ionev^tow (which towing path shall not be raised higher the whole extent bemfete he said foot walks than is absolutely necessary for horses to

m * tow thereon with safety in times of spring tides and land floods) and shall also effectually separate the said towing path by pods and rails, or in any other manner, so as to prevent horses from ' going upon the said public foot walks; that then, and in such

case, it shall and may be lawful for the said mayor aldermen, ?nd commons, or any other person or persons navigating boats, barges, and other vessels, between the said barge house at Kew and water lane in Richmond, to make use of horses on such new towing path, for the purpose of towing such boats, barges, or other vessels,, the said barge house at Kew and water lane in Richmond; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wire notwithstanding.

Mayor, a'der XXVI And it is hereby further enacted. That it shall and men, etc. may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and comma/appoint m0ns, in common council assembled, at any time or times, to c©r^e&ors of nonluiate an appoint such person or persons to be receive! or tolis; receivers, collector or collectors, of the said tolls and duties

granted or made payable by this act, as they shall think fit, and from time to time to remove and displace such receiver and receivers, collector and collectors, and to appoint others, as they shall think proper; and all persons by this act liable to pay the foid tolls and duties, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the same to such receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, as mho shall pay aforesaid;; all such receivers and collectors shall respectively the iaroe into pay the same into the office of the chamberlain of the said city, lain’0*'officean^ shall a*fo» upon oath, if thereunto required by the said court and account mayor and aldermen (which oath the same court are'hereby to the court of empowered to administer) from time tp time give in a true, ex aldermen. act, and perfedk account, in writing, under their respective hands, of all moneys which they, and every or ny of them, shall to such time have received, paid, and ddburfed, by virtue of this adfor by reason or in consequence of their refpedhve On refuel to offices? for which oath no see or reward shall be taken: and in account, etc. cjjre any fuc]1 receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the said tolis and duties, or any of them, shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon oath any such account, or to make Justices torn payment as aforesaid, then, or in any of such cases, it shall be default1110 ltoc’^aw^ r9 or fr the mayor of the said city, or one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said city of London or for the

said

*43

j777*] Anno dcclmo septimo Georgii III C 18.

said county of Middlefexy or for the said county of Surryy or any other county, city, or place, as the case shall happen, and such mayor, justice or justices, upon complaint to him or them made, is and are hereby authorised and required to make inquiry concerning such default, as well by confession of the party, as by the testimony of any credible witness or witnesses upon oath,

(which oath Rich mayor, justice or justices, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without fee or reward;) and if any such receiver or collector shall be convicted of any of the, offences aforesaid, such mayor, justice or justices, shall commit every such offender to his majesty’s gaol of Newgate, or to and commit the common gaol of any county, city, or place, where such of the offenders fender shall be apprehended, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or they shallgive or make a true andperfedfc on^made.* account and payment as aforesaid, or until he or they shall have compounded for the same with the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council assembled, and paid such composition in such manner as they shall appoint; which composition the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, are hereby empowered to make and receive, from time to time, if they shall so think fit, in fuss satisfaction for all money that shall be then due from such person or persons on the said account.

XXVII Provided always. That no toll orduty, tolls orduties, Exemptions, shall be paid or payable to, or demanded by, the mayor, aldermen,

and commons, of the city of London, or their collector or col le£or&, by virtue of this act, for any boat or vessel under the burden of three tonnes, or for any pleasure boat; anything in this alt contained to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding.

XXVIII And be it further enatfted by the authority afore All moneys said. That all the moneys made payable by, or to be recovered raffed by vir or received under or by virtue of this act, (except the share and vetted in shares of any informer or informers, complainant or complain the’mayor and ants, of and in any penalty or penalties, forfeiture or forfeitures, commonalty, inflicted or made payable by this as) shall be, and the same are and citizens, hereby vested in the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens,

of the said city, and shall be applied to and for the purposes of this act, and the purposes of the said aeft made and passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or fume or one of them; and an account of the said tolls and duties granted by this act, be annually laid before parliament.

XXIX And forasmuch as the money to be collected by the receipt Common of the tolls or duties to be made payable by virtue or in pursuance

this at, will not be sufficient for the purpoft of this at!, and of the 9

said at made and poffed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his pre 15, 0001. sent Majesty, be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council assembled, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, to borrow and take up at interest, any sum or sums of money qot exceeding Vol. XXXI B b fifteen

244

and to assign the tolls as a (ccuriiy.

Twenty dsy« notice to be given of borrowing money.

Anno decimo septimo georgii III c.18. [1777.

fifteen thousand pounds, upon the credit of the tolls and duties to be made payable in pursuance of this act; and by any writing or writings, under the common seal of the city of London, to assign the toll houses and toll gates, to beereded as aforesaid, and the tolls and duties to be made payable by virtue or in pursuance of this act, or any of them, or any part or farts thereof, to any such person or persons as shall advance or lend such money thereon, as a security or securities for the sum or fumsof money so borrowed, with interest, not exceeding legal interest, for the same; which interest shall be payable and paid half yearly, by the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, out of the moneys to arise by or from the said tolls and duties, or any other money which shall be recovered or received under or by virtue of this act, and paid into the office of the said chamberlain.

XXX Provided always, That no money shall be borrowed by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, on the credit of any of the said tolls or duties, or premises, as aforesaid, unless notice be for that purpose given in the London Gazette, and also fixed in writing, under the hand of such person or persons as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, or by any committee to be by them appointed, shall dire, at or upon all the toll houses and toll gates then erected or made, by virtue of this act, at least twenty days before the borrowing of such money.

___________ XXXI And whereas many persons may choose to advance mentj

be granted a C for the pur chafefif annuities, to be secured upon, and payable out oftkt cording to the said toils and duties; be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to contribute, advance, and pay, into the office of the chamberlain of the city of tendon, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of fifteen thousand pounds, for the absolute purchase of one or more annuity or annuities, for the nat, J life or lives of such person or persons, being of the age o >rty five years or upwards, as shall be nominated by or on behalf of such purchaler or purchasers respectively, at the respective times of payment of their respective purchase moneys; which £hnuity or annuities shall not exceed the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum \ or for the absolute purchase of one or more annuity or annuities, for the natural life or lives of such person or persons, being of the age of sixty years or upwards, as shall be so nominated; which last annuity or annuities shall not exceed the rate of tea tol. percent, pounds per centum per annum; all which annuities foto be purchased, shall be payable and paid by the chamberlain of the said city for. the time being, out of the moneys to arise by or from the said tolls or duties, granted and made payable by this act, by four equal quarterly payments in the year, the first payment to be made to the respective purchasers, or their assigns, at the expiration of the first quarter after payment of their respective purchase moneys: and that the rates of such annuities'respectively shall be settled and adjusted by public sale of such annuities,

o by

Annuities to

age of the annuitants

Si. percent.

*45

by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or by any committee by them to be appointed, to the best bidders for the same.

XXXII Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Whmantim* That when and as often as any of the persons, for whose life or tantsdie.

Jives any annuity or annuities shall or may be purchased by vir council may tuc of or under this act, shall happen to die, it hall and may be grant other lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, ofanuuuks. the city of London, in common council assembled, or any committee by them to be appointed, to sell and grant one or more

annuity or annuities for the life or lives of any other nominee or nominees, upon the terms aforesaid, so that the whole amount of moneys paid for the purchase of such annuities then actually existing do not exceed the sum of fifteen thousand pounds; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Provided always, That the whole money to be borrowed under, or by virtue of this act, either by annuities or loan, shall not exceed the sum of fifteen thousand pounds.

XXXIII And it is hereby further enacted, That the clerk cl.erfc ofcom for the time being of such commitfbe or committees, as shall be ^altrjcurj1" appointed as herein after is mentioned, shall enter in a book or tjc8fqi moniet books, to be for that purpose provided and kept by the clerk of borrowed or the said committee or committees, all securities for moneys bor annuities rowed, or annuities granted, by virtue or in pursuance of this sranuti*

ac1, and all assignments and transfers thereof; expressing in words at length the names, surnames, additions, places of abode, and other defqriptions, of all such persons as shall, from time to time, be entitled to such securities, and the sums received upon such securities; and also the names, surnames, additions, places of abode, and other descriptions, of the persons for whose lives the said annuities shall be respectively granted, and the days whereon the said annuities respectively shall be payable; to which book and books, *' e person and persons entitled to, or interested in such annuitii. shall at all seasonable times in the daytime have access, with free liberty to inspect the same, without fee or reward. *

XXXIV And be it further enacted by the authority afore Annuities said. That all and every of the annuities, foto be purchased cnargrd ou under or by virtue of this act, shall be, and are hereby charged tbc lol^» upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of

the tolls and duties granted or made payable by virtue or in pursuance of this act; and all and every the purchaser and purchasers of such annuities, duly paying the conlidcration or purchase money for the same as aforesaid, or such person or persons as he,

(he, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their respective assignee or assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of this act, to have, receive, and enjoy, the said respective annuity or annuities, during the term of the natural life or lives of the person or persons to be nominated by each such purchaser and purchasers respectively, as before mentioned; and thvt all and every such purchaser and purchasers, and their assigns refpec^

B b 2 lively.

2^6'

and not liable to any tax.

Securities may be transferred.

Common

council im powered to appoint committees.

No member of the committee to hold any place of profit, etc.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the

Quarter fef ons.

Anno decimo septimo gfcorgy III C 18. [1777.

tively, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible eftajesand intereftsin the annuities so by them refpe6\ivelypurchased, accord ing to the tenor and true meaning of this act; and that none of the said annuities shall be subject or liable to any tax assessed upon land, by authority of parliament, or to any other parliamentary or parochial tax whatsoever.

xxicv. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, entitled to any of the securities aforesaid, and his, her, and their executors, administrators, or assigns, at any time or times, by writing under his, her, or their hand or hands refpctfively, to assign or transfer such securities, by indorfernent thereon, or otherwise, to any person or persons whomsoever, and so toties quoties; and such assignments or transfers, after they shall respectively be entered by the clerk of the said committee or committees, in manner aforesaid, for every which entry the said clerk shall be paid the sum of two (billings and sixpence, and no more, shall entitle the person or persons to whom they shall be respectively made, and his, her, and their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, to the benefit of the Security or Securities so assigned or transferred.

XXXVI And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, from time to time, to appoint one or more committee or committees, to manage and transact all or any of the matters or purposes which they the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, are hereby authorised or required to do, execute, or perform; which committee or committees; foto be appointed, shall have such powers and authorities as shall from time to time be given or delegated to them respectively, by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, who are hereby accordingly authorised and empowered to delegate all or any of such powers and authorities.

XXXVII Provided nevertheless, and be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be eligible or capable of acting as a member of such committee, during such time as he shall have or execute any office or place of profit by or under the authority of this act, or during such time as he shall have any share or interest in any contract or agreement for effecting any of the purposes of this act.

XXXVIII Provided also, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved, by any orders or proceedings of any justice or justices of the peace, which shall be made or had under this act, it shall and may be lawful for such person or persons to appeal to the justices of the peace, at the next general quarter sessions of the peace, to be held for the said city of London, or the said county of Middlesex, or the said county of Surry, as the case may be; and the justices, at such said general quarter sessions, afe hereby required to hear and finally determine every such appeal and appeals, and shall

award

247

award to the party or parties for whom such appeal shall be determined, such costs as to them in their discretion shall seem reasonable, and shall raise and levy, by their order or warrants, such costs as shall be awarded, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of any person or perfqns who shall be ordered to pay the same.

XXXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no order which shall be made by any justice or ju Proceedings dices, by virtue of or under this act, or any other proceedings not to be to be had touching the conviction or convictions of any offender quashed for or offenders against this act, shall be quashed or vacated for oi totva» want of form only, or be removed or removable by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his maje fty’s courts of record at Wejtminjler.

XL Provided also, nd be it further enacted, That no contrast, agreement, alignment, entry, copy, or proceeding, by Writings may this act directed or authorised to be executed, made or given, J w, th<nit shall be charged or chargeable, or subject or liable to any duty ^ whatsoever.

XLI And be it further enacted. That all costs, charges, and expenses of passing this act, and all other charges incident to the £xpences of obtaining thereof, shall be born, paid, and defrayed, out oftbisaftbow the first moneys to arise by virtue of this act. to ** V

XLI I. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any action shall be brought, or suit commeneed, against any Limitation of person or persons, for anything done in pursuance of this act, or in relation to the premises, or any of them, every such action or suit shall be laid or brought within six calendar months next after the fast done, and shall be laid or brought in the city of London, or the county where the matter shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matters iri evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same Generalissue, was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been fodone, or if any such action or suit shall not be brought within the time before limited, or shall be brought in any other city, county, or place, than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if, a verdiftshall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the said defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or de Treble costs. fendants hath or have for costs in other cases by law.

XLIII And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public aft; and shall be Publickaft. judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever without specially pleading the same.

B b 3

CAP.

*43 Anno decimo feptiow Georgii II C 19 — 21. [1777*

CAP. XIX

An ad the more easy ard speedy recovery of ftoall debts within tb panqi of Old Swintord, in the counties of Worcetter and Stafford.

CAP. XX

An act for continuing two acts, made in the sixth year of the reign of King Georg? the first, and in the twentieth year of the reign of hts iatc Majesty, fur laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny Iterlmg, upon every Scots pint of beer or ale vended or fom within the town ot Burntisland, and liberties thereof, for increaiiog ths pablick revenue of the said town, and for other purpoies therein mentioned.

CAP. XXI

An aj1 for the better Jupport of kit majesty*s hcufehold, and of the honour and dignity cf the crown cf Great Britain.

May it please your mtjl excellent Majesty \

Preamble. TTTHEREAS by an a £1 of parliament, made in the first year V V of your Majesty 5 reign, entitled, An act for the support recited 3* household, and of the honour and dignity of the

crown of Great Britain,) it was enabled, (among other things,) That there Should be granted and continued to your Majesty, and ij/uing and payable out of the fund called the aggregate fund, during your ma jelly s life, the clear yearly rent or sum of seven hundred and twenty-three thousand pounds, during the continuance of the several annuities therein mentioned and immediately from and after the determination of one or more of the said annuities, suck clear yearly sum, over and above, and in addition to, the said yearly rent or sum of seven hundred and twenty-three thousand pounds, as the annuity or annuities so deter tnined Jlxill have amounted to; and in case of the determination of ail the said annuities, then, and immediately from thenceforth, the clear yearly rent or furrt of eight hundred thousand pounds, to be ijfued and p+id out of the J'aid fund, for the jupport of his Majesty s boujbold, - and of the honour and dignity of the crown, from the twenty-fifth day cf October, one thousand seven hundred andsixty, in manner therein particularly mentioned, as by the said ail, relation being thereunto had,

_ pay more fully appear: and whereas the revenue to which your Mo jejiy is ini it led by virtue of the said ail, hath been found inadequate to, and infuffeient for, the purposes for which it was granted, and it is therefore jujf and expedient that a more competent provision Should bt yiadejor the better Jupport of your Majesty s boujbold, and of the h hour and dignity of the crown \ we your majesty*s mejl dutiful end loyal fubjefis, the commons cf Great Britain, in parliament ajfemkled, with hearts full of the warmejl duty and gratitude for the inejlim&bk blcjjtngs which yourfubjt Us do enjoy under your Majesty s most aufpuim government, do pray your Majesty that it may be enailed; and be it enacted by the king’s moll excellent majesty, by and with the advice nd consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, nd by the autho. From January rity or the same, That there be granted to his Majesty, during 5>l777»his life, (which God long preserve) over anfl besides the yearly ‘. ... jertt

1777*] Anno dechno septimo georgii III C 21. 249

rent or rents, or sum or sums of money in and by the aforesaid additional aft granted to his Majesty, the further revenue or yearly rent of annum°kram one hundred thousand pounds, to commence from and after the t0 ^ ma fifth day of Jauuary, one thousand seven hundred and seventy jefty during seven;; that the said yearly rent or sum shall be, and is hereby his life j charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from time to time payable out of out of the hereditary and temporary revenues, and any other the aggregate the duties and revenues which do or shall compose the said fund, *un ' commonly called the aggregatefundy or any of them, (after paying, or reserving fuffkient to pay, all such sum and sums of money as have been directed, by any former act or, acts of parliament, to be paid out of the same;) but with preference to all other paymepts which shall or may be hereafter charged upon, or payable out of the said fund.

II And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the The first pay. fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, ment to hi there be issued and paid to his Majesty, out of the duties and t0 ^

revenues composing the said fund, the sum of fifty thousand 1J7?.J s pounds, being so much of the yearly rent or sum hereby granted as will then have accrued and become due and payable from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy after which seven; and that from and after the said fifth day of July, one to be paid thousand seven hundred and feveoty seven, the said additional quarterly, etc. yearly rent or fumt>f one hundred thousand pounds shall grow due and be payable to his Majesty at the same time, and in the same manner, and together with the yearly rent or sum granted by the aforesaid a&ofthe first year of Jiis majesty’s reign, quarterly, at the four most usual days of payment in rhe year; that is to say, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, the tenth day of October, and the fifth day of January, by even and equal portions, out of the moneys of the said aggregate fund, the first quarterly payment thereof to be made on the tenth day of Obfobery one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven: : the commissioners of his majesty’s* treasury, or any three or more of them, and the high treasurer, chancellor and under treasurer of the exchequer, for the time being, and all other the officers and ministers of the court of exchequer, and of the receipt thereof, shall and may, and they are hereby refpetftively authored and required to do all such acts, matters, and things, in I

order to render this aeft, and the several payments hereby directed, effectual, as are in and by the said recited at authorised, required, or directed to be done and performed by them, or any or cither of them, concerning the several payments thereby dristed, in the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the several provisoes, clauses, matters and things, concerning the j

paying, issuing, or applying such yearly rents or sums as are ' '>

therein mentioned, were ln this behalf partictilarly repeated and " '. '*

re enacted. 1 ‘,

B b 4 CAP.

*

250 Anno decimo septimo georgii III C 22 — 2 [1777.

cap. xxn.

An act for opening communications between wapping street and ratcliff highway, and between Old Gravel lane and virgmia street; and for paving certain itreets intended to be built, and also certain other llreets and public passages and places within the parishes of Saint George and ' Saint John of Wapping in the county of/middlefex.

CAP. XXIII

An act for lighting and watching the turnpike road leading from the (tones end next Blackman street, in the pan(h of Saint Mary, Newington, in the county of Surrey, to the bridge at Walworth in the same parish, and the several roads, ways, and places, therein described, communicating therewith.

CAP. XXIV

An act for expediting the falej>f estates in Scotland belonging to the York buildings company, for the relief of their creditors.

CAP. XXV

An act for widening, cleaning, and lighting, the several streets, lanes, alleys, ways, and other public passages, within the town of Wolver, bampton, in the county of Stafford; and for taking down, altering, or rebuilding certain buildings therein mentioned; and for removing all other nuilances, and incroachments, and for regulating carts and other carriages within the said town.

CAP. XXVI

filjl WAN ail for regijiering the grants of life annuities; andfor tie better

protection of infants against such grants.

7 'fi&rar] Preamble.

w

H E R E A S the pernicious practice of raiftng money by the fate of life annuities bath of late years greatly increased, and )ted by the secrecy with which such transactions are con

is much promoici

ducled \ be it therefore enacted by the kingv most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and cgnfent of the lords fpirituaj and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That a memorial of every deed, bond, instrument, or other assurance, whereby any annuity or rent charge shall, from and after the palling of this wzntmziik a<^’ 8rantec* fr one or more life or lives, or for any term of annuities, years or greater qftate determinable on one or more life or lives, shall, within shall, within twenty days of the execution of such deed, bond, thc instrument or other assurance, be enrolled in the high court of chancery; and that every such memorial shall contain the day of the month, and the year when the deed, bond, instrument, or other assurance, bears date, and the name of all the parties, and for whom any of them are trustees, and of all the witnesses; and shall fet forth the annual sum or sums to be paid, and the name of the person or persons for whose life or lives the; parties, annuity is granted,, and the consideration or considerations of wes, C granting the fameotherwife every such deed, bond, instrument, rv^uc^dee^ or ot^er assurance, shall be null and void to all Intents and bond, etc shall purposes.

be void. II And be it further enabled, That before any judgement

. ' ‘.. shall

A memorial of all deeds,

execution thereof, be enrolled in the court of chancery; which shall contain the date, names of the witnel

1777-1 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 2 6. 251

shall be intered of record upon any warrant of attorney for re Before judgecovering or securing the payment of any annuity or rent charge that hath already been granted for one or more life or Jives, orcord upon any for any term of years or greater estate determinable upon one warrant of or more life or lives, and before any execution shall be sued out, attorney for oration brought on any such judgement already entered, or on recover, n any deed, bond, instrument, or other assurance already executed aiready"grant' for the purposes aforesaid, a like memorial of the deed, bond, in ed, and before ftrument, or other assurance, shall be enrolled in the high court of execution chancery; and in case the party shall neglect to inrol the same, fta11 b.c.. any such judgement, execution, or proceeding in the action re any judge fpe&ively, shall be null and void. menr already

III And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Thai entered, etc. in every deed, instrument, or other assurance, whereby any an ^ nuity or rent charge shall, from and after the passing of this act, jed as af"rc/ be granted, or attempted to be granted, the consideration really raid, and bona side (which shall be in money only) and also the name All future or names of the person or persons by whom, and on whose be deeds for half, the said consideration, or any part thereof, shall be advanc fnnuvhcs^ali ed, shall be fully and truly fet forth and described in words at contain the length; and in case the same shall not be fully and truly fet forth consideration, and described, every such deed, instrument, or other assurance, andthename* shall be null and void to all intents and purposes. ?n

JV. And be it further enacted. That if any part of the confi iength. deration shall be returned to the person advancing the same; or. If any part of in case the consideration, or any part of it, is paid in notes, if thecmfidera any of the notes, with the privity and consent of the person ad ^” read ^ same, shall not be paid when due, or shall be can any notes'shall ceiled or destroyed without being first paid; or if the consideration, not be paid or any part of it, is paid in goods; or if any part of the confide when due, etc. ration is retained on pretence of answering the future payments of the annuity, or any other pretence; in all and every of the aforesaid cases, it shall and may be lawful for the person, by whom the annuity or rent charge is made payable, to apply to the court, in which any action is brought for payment of the annuity on judgement entered, by motion, to stay proceedings on the judgement or action; and if it shall appear to the court court mar that such practises as aforesaid, or any of them, have been used, ^^^^™ it shall and may be lawful for the court to order the deed, bond, jcd> gtc< instrument, or other assurance, to be cancelled, and the judgement, if any has been entered, to be vacated. '

V And be it further enacted, That a particular roll shall be Direction reprovided and kept by the clerks of the inrollments in chancery, !atinsto the or their deputy, on which such memorials shall be entered, and memorials that every such memorial shall be duly enrolled in order of time, as the same shall be brought to the office; and the said clerks of the inrollments, or their deputy, shall specify upon the roll the certain day, hour, and.time, on which such memorial is brought to the office, and (halj grant a certificate of the inroll ment thereof when required; and that there shall be paid for the The mrollment of every such memorial the sum of one shilling, and sees.

Ut *, * V no

£$2

All contract for the purchase ot annuities with any person tinder 21 years of age, to be vo d.

Any person wh^shall procure or fulitit any minor to grant an annuity, etc.

shall be pn mfhed by fine or imprison mtnvetc.' *

Solicitors, fieri vener, ftc. who shall take more than.

10 s. per 100i. for proruiing money for annuities.

shall be pu niihcd by fine and irfpiilon mtnt, etc.

Anno decimo septimo georgh III C 26. [1777.

no more, in case the same do not exceed two hundred words; but if fueh memorial shall exceed two hundred words, then after the rate and proportion of (ixpence for every one hundred words, and the like fees for every certificate and copy given; and the see of one shilling for every feareh in the office, and no more.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all contra&sfor the purchase of any annuity with any person being under the age of twenty-one years, shall be and remain utterly void, any attempt to confirm the same, after such perfop shall have attained the age of twenty-one years, notvrithstanding: and that if any person shall, either in person, by letter agent, or otherwise howsoever, procure, engage, solicitor ask any person, being under the age of twenty-one years, to grant or attempt to grant any annuity or rent charge, or to execute any bond, deed, or other mftrument, for fearing the same; or shall advance or procure, or treat for any money to be advanced to any person under the age of twenty-one years, upon consideration of any annuity or rent charge to be secured or. granted by such infant, after he or she shall have attained his or her age of twenty one years; or shall induce, solicitor procure any infant, upon any treaty or transaction for money advaneed, or to be advaneed, to make oath, or to give his or her word of honour or solemn promise, that he or she will not plead infancy, or make any other defence against the demand of any such annuity or rent charge, or the repayment of the money advanced to him or her when underage; or that when he or she comes of age, he or she will confirm or ratify, orin any way substantiate such annuity or rent charge; every such person shall be guilty of a misdemeanour, and being thereof lawfully convicted in any court of assize, oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, shall and may be punished for the said offence by fine, imprisonment, or other corporal punishment, as the court shall think fit to award.

VII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That al! and every solicitors anjl solicitor, feriveners and ferrvener, brokers and broker, and other pfcrfons or person, who, from and after the pafiing of this at, shall ask, demand, accept, or receive, dirediy or indirectly, any sum or fiims of money, or any other kind of gratuity or reward, for the soliciting or procuring the loan, and for the brokerage of any money that shall be actually and bona side advanced and paid as and for the price or consideration of any Inch annuity or rent charge, over and above the sum of ten (billings for every one hundred pounds so actually and bona side advanced and paid, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a misdemeanour;; being lawfully convifled of such offence in any court of assize, oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, shall and may, for every such offence, be punished by fine and imprifonmenr, or one of them, at the discretion of the court; and that the person or persons who shall have paid or given any sum or sums of money, gratuity or reward, shall be deemed a competent witness or witnesses to prove the same.

1777*3 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 27. 253

VIII And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act Certain cases contained shall extend to any annuity or rent charge given by th, s

will or by marriage settlement, or for the advancement of a extend. nt child; nor to any annuity or rent charge secured upon lands of equal qt greater annual value, whereof the grantor was seized in fee simple or in fee tail in possession at the time of the grant, or secured by tbeaftual transfer of flock in any of the publick funds, the dividends whereof are of equal or greater annual value than the said annuity; qqrtoany voluntary annuity granted without regard to pecuniary cpnfideration; nor to any annuity or rent charge granted by anybody corporate, - or under any authority or^ruft created by act of parliament; nor to any annuity where the mm to be paid does not exceed ten pounds annually, unless there be more than one such last mentioned annuity from the same grail tor or grantors, to or in trufl for the same person or persons.

CAP. XXVII

An act for diming a drawback of the duties of customs on the ex portation of tea to Ireland.

WHEREAS the drawback allowed by an act of parliament, Preamble.

made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

(entitled. An act for granting a drawback of part of the customs Aft 11 Geo. 3. upon the exportation of tea to Ireland, and the British dominions recited. in America; for altering the drawback upon foreign sugars exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continuing the bounty on the exportation of british made cordage; for allowing the importation of rice from the British plantations into the ports of Bristol, Liverpoole% Lancaster, and Tfrhitehaven% for immediate exportation to foreign parts; and to impoyver the chief magistrate of any corporation to administer the oath, and grant the certificate required by law, upon the removal of certain goods to London, which have been sent into the country for sale)) the importation of tea into Ireland from this kingdom, will cease on '

ihe fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy jeven: and whereas it may tend to promote and encourage the importation of tea into Ireland from this kingdom, if the whole of the duties of cu fioms, payable upon the importation of teas, were to be allowed to be drawn back upon all teas sold at the publick sales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which Shall be exported to Ireland after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and froenty seven \ it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiem bled, and by the authority of the fatne. That there shall be drawn A drawback back and allowed for all teas sold at the publick sales of the t0 hf awed united company of merchants of England trading to the East dut^fofhcur indies, or which shall be imported, by licence, in pursuance of toms on tea, an act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty on the exporting George the second, (entitled, An aftfor repealing thb present sat, on thereof

u 7. *77* JTX £ - 67, 0 I ' 3 slo

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 28.

c*777 inland duty of four Jbillings per pound weight upon all tea sold in Great Britain; and for granting to his Majesty certain other inland duties in lieu thereof j and for better securing the duty upon tea and other duties of exetfe; and jor pursuing offenders out of one county into another) which shall at any time from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, be exported From this kingdom as merchandise to Ireland, the whole of the duties of customs payable upon the importation of such teas; which drawback or allowance shall be made to the exporter, in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, and securities, and subject to the Jilfe penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned in and by the said recited at of the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and in and by an at, made in the four teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for granting further time to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to expose to sale the finglo and hohea teas remaining in their warchoufes unfold, on the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred andfiventy four andfor allowing the drawbacks on the exportation of such teas;) and in and by an a, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An a 61 for granting further time for allowing the drawback upon the exportation of muslins and calicoes, imported by the east-india company in the years one thousandfeven hundred andfeven ty three, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy fouryfor allowing further time to the said company to expose to sale such bohea and finglo teas and coffee as remain unsold on the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy fx; and also such bohea teas os Shall be imported on or before a certain time; and for allowing the drawbacks on the exportation of such teas and coffee; and for granting further time for allowing the drawback on the exportation of coffee imported in the Jhip Shrewsbury, in the year one thousand seven hundred and frventy tkree \) or by any other agt of parliament now in force, sofar as the same respectively concern the exportation of tea to Ireland, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses relating theretp were again repeated and re enacted in this present at.

CAP. XXVI(L

An all to revive and continue such part of an acty made in the lost session of parliament, entitled, An act for allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena, and to the other settlements belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of biscuit and peas to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with respect to advising or carrying into execution his Majesty's orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat, and other articles; as expired on thefirjldayof]za\xivjy one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven.

!777*] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 29. 255

WHEREAS by an amae tn session of parliament, Preamble;

entitled, An act for allowing the exportation of certain ^tiog an quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majcfty’s sugar facft fe(fl0„ of colonies in America, and to the island of Saint Helena, and to parliament, the other settlements belonging to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of biscuit and peas to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all persons with respect to advising or carrying into execution his majesty’s orders of council already made for allowing the exportation of wheat, and other articles; liberty was given to export, at any time or times before thefirjl day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, certain quantities of wheats and other articles, from certain ports in this kingdom, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, /cr the fufenance and use of the inhabitants of the said coionics; and also to export, from certain ports in this kingdom, certain quantities of biscuit and peas to the island of Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador, for the benefit of the British fishery carried on in those parts: and whereas it is expedient that the like liberty Should be granted and continued for a further time: may it therefore pleafeyour Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confentof the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in thispresent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, ' That such part of Such part of the Lid recited ad as expired on the said first day of January, the above one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, shall, from and ada after the palling of this act, be revived, and the same is hereby here^yreviv revived, and shall continue in full force and virtue until the ed, and con twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and tinued until cventy eight. March *5,

CAP. XXIX *778'

An act for the more effeblual prevention of the manufabluring of ajb, elder, sloe, and other leaves, in imitation of tea, and to prevent frauds in the revenue of excise in refpebi to tea.

WH E R E A S by an abl of parliament, made in the fourth year

of the reign of his late maje/ly King George the jecond, in Preamble. tituled, An act to prevent frauds in the revenue of excise with & Q |# respect to (larch, coffee, tea, and chocolate) it is enabled, That, rccjttd. from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, if any person or persons who Should be a dealer in or seller of tea Should dye, fabricate, or manufablure any sloe lelives, liquorijb leaves, or the leaves of tea that had been used, or the leaves of any other tree, Jhrub, or plant, in imitation. of tea, or Should mix, colour, Jlain, or dye, such leaves or tea, with terra japonica, sugar, molajjes, clay, logwood, or with any other ingredients or materials whatsoever \ Should sell and vend, utter, or offer or expose to sale, or Should have in his, her, or their cujlody, any such dyed, fabricated, or manufablured leaves, in imitation of tea, or any such coloured, jlained, or dyed leaves, or tea mixed with any of the materials before mentioned, or with any other ingredients whatsoever, such

o person

256 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 29. [1777.

person or perform Should respectively, for every pound of fitch leaves so dyed, fabricated ormanufallured in imitation of tea, and for every pound of juch mixed, coloured, Jlained, er leaves or tea, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds: and whereas great quantities of sloe leaves, and leaves of ajh, ' elder, and other trees, Jhrubs, and plants, dyed, fabricated, and manufacture! in imitation of tea, diverse persons who fell the same so dyed, fabricated, and manufactured) to other persons being dealers in tea, fmuggkn, and others, by whom the aid manufactured leaves are mixed with tea, and sold and vended as true and real tea, but by reafen that the persons so dy ing, fabricate ing, and manufacturing the fold leaves, are not dealers in, or sellers of tea, they are not punishable for thefaii offences by the laws noxv in being, whereby such evil practises are increased to a very great degree, to the injuty anddejlruction of great quantities of timber, woods, and undenvoods, the prejudice of the health of his Majestys subjects, that diminution of the revenue, the ruin of the fair trader, and to the encouragement of idllnefs; for remedy whereof, and for the more efftclual prevention of such frauds and abuses for, the future, be it enaested; and it is hereby enabled by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice andconfent of the lords fpirirual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem any person bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after who, after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fevenry, 777> kven> ^ any person or persons whatsoever, whether he, (he, or manufacture a dea*er or dealcrs in or a seller or sellers of tea, gr not,

in imitation * (Viall dye, fabricate, or manufacture, any sloe leaves, liquorifh of tea, any leaves, or the leaves of tea that have been used, or the leaves of fa any ah, elder, or other tree, shrub, or plant, in imitation of ufedorany*11 tca* or m, X c°l°ur> stain, or dye, any such leaves with sloe, ’liquorifh, terra japonica, copperas, sugar, molasses, clay, logwood, or with or elder any other ingredients or materials whatsoever, or shall sell or leaves, etc. vend, utter, or offer or expose to sale, or shall have in his, her, offer to (>11* r or !*leir custody or possession, any such dyed, fabricated, or the same, etc. manufactured leaves in imitation of tea, or any such coloured, stained, or dyed leaves, or any leaves that (hoyld be dying, fabrieating, or manufacturing in imitation of tea, and (hail be shall, on con thereof convicted upon the oaih of one or more credible witness vicvion, foifeit or witnesses, before any one or more of his majesty’s justices of owned of such Peace or county, city, riding, division, district, or place, leavesfodyed, wherein such offence shall have been committed; such personor etc. X * persons shall respectively, for every pound of such leaves so dyed, fabricated, or manufactured in imitation of tea, or dying, fabrieating, or manufacturing in imitation of tea, and for every pound of such mixed, stained, or dyed leaves of tea, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; and upon nonpayment thereof, such justice orjuftice's shall commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprise for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor less than six months, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid, persons hav And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar,

p ’ from

1777*1 Anno decimo septimo georgii III c.29. 257

from and after; the said first day of June, one thousand (even wore than - hundred and seventy seven, if any person or persons shall have fnp°fj^8 in his, her, or their custody or possession, any quantity exceed feaves* in their ing six pounds weight) of fioe leaves, or the leaves of alb, elder, pdirdfion: of any other tree, ihrub, or plant, green or manufactured, and shall not prove, to the satisfaction of the justice or justices be except, etc. fore whom the matter shall be heard, that such leaves were ga * with the consent of the owners of the trees, ilirubs, or plants, from which the said leaves were taken, and that such leaves were gathered for some other use or uses, and not for the j>urpofe of fabricating and manufacturing the same in imitation of tea, and shall be thereof convicted, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, district, or place, where such leaves shall be so found, such person or persons shall respectively, for every pound of such green or manufactured leaves, so found in his, her, or their custody or pofieffion, as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; and upon nonpayment thereof such justice or justices shall commit the offender to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor less than six months, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, If any officer That if any officer or officers of his majestyy revenue of excise, f excise, etc. or other person or persons, shall have cause to fufpecfc that any fore such leaves dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, or leaves dying, a justice that fabrieating, or manufacturing, in imitation of tea, or leaves in he suspects tended foto be dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, shall be hid, any *uch concealed, or lodged, in any place whatsoever; then and in such case, upon oath made by such officer or officers, or other person cealed, such" or persons, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace justice may for the county, city, riding, division, district, or place, where the grant a Special same shall be so suspected to be hid, concealed, or lodged, fet ^

ting forth the ground of such his, her, or their suspicion, it shall pace iiifearch and may be lawful to and for the said justice or justices of the of the same, peace respectively, before whom such affidavit or affidavits shall be made, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant or warrants under his or their respective hand and seal or hands and seals, to authorise and empower such officer or officers, or other person or persons, by day or by night, but if in the nighttime, then in the presence of a constable, of other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all .and every such place or places, where he or they shall so suspect the said dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, or other the said leaves shall be so hid concealed, or lodged, and to seize and carry away as forfeited all such leaves so dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, or dying, fabrieating, or manufaeluring, or intended to be so dyed, fabricated, or manufactured, which he or they shall so find hid, concealed, or lodged, together with all and Angular the wagons,

carts,

Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii III C 29. [1777.

All such leaves so found, to be

Penalty on persons ob ftru£ting officers in

carts, boxes, bags, tubs, or tether vessels, or package, containing the lame: and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice or justices so granting the said warrantj or any other destroyed, etcju^*ce or justices of the peace for the county, city, riding, division * or place, wherein such seizure Shall be made, on proof of the premises, by oath of one or more credible witness or 9 witnesses, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand or seal, hands or seals respectively, to order the said dyed, fabricated, or other leaves, so seized as aforesaid, to be conveyed to some convenient place, and there to be burnt or otherwise destroyed, and to order the said wagons, carts, boxes, bags, tubs, or other vessels or package, containing the same as aforesaid, to be forthwith sold, and the money arihng by such sale, after deducing the charges of such seizure and la*e, and of the burning, or otherwise destroying of the said leaves, to go and be paid, one half to the informer, and the other half to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed : and if any person or persons whatsoever Shall let, obstruct, or hinder, such officer or officers, or other person or persons having such authority as search of such aforesaid, from entering such places where he or they shall fuf leaves, etc. pedt such leaves to be lo hid, concealed, or lodged, or in seizing, carrying away, burning, or otherwise destroying the same, or in seizing, carrying away, or selling, the said. carts, wagons, boxes, bags, tubs, or other vessels or package, containing the same as aforesaid, the person or persons offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds each, on conviction thereof, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, district, or place, where such offence shall be committed; and upon nonpayment of the fard forfeiture, such justice or justices shall commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor leis than six months, or until the penalty and charges shall be paid.

IV Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no such green and unmanufactured leaves, so found hid, concealed, or lodged, as aforesaid, shall be burnt or otherwise destroyed, if the owner or owners thereof shall, with deitroyed, etc. in twenty spur hours after such seizure, prove, to the satisfaction of the justice or justices granting the said warrant for seizing such leaves, or any other justice or justices of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, district, or place, where the same shall be so seized, that the said green or unmanufactured leaves were gathered with the consent of the owner or owners of the trees, shrubs, or plants, from which the said leaves were taken, and that the same were so gathered for some other use or uses, and not for the purpose of dying, fabrieating, or manufacturing, in imitation of tex, as aforesaid;; if such proof shall, within the time aforesaid, be made to the satisfaction of the said justice or justices, then the said green or unmanufactured leaves, together

'with

Certain cases in which leaves found concealed, shall not be

1777*1 Anno decimo septimo georgh III C $59

with the carriages, vessels, and package, in which the same shall have been so seized, shall be forthwith restored to the owner or owners thereof, by order of such justice or justices.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Occupieriof all such dyed, coloured, stained, fabricated, and mariufadured, * hwwtany and other leaves aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be ruth leaves in the custody, and possession of the occupier or occupiers of the shall be found, dwelling houses, outhouses, gardens, and lands, wherein or, f^g«d.thcrc whereon the same shall be so found hid, concealed, or lodged, as sjnfeo/ftall aforesaid; and such occupier or occupiers of the said dwelling be liable to the houses, outhouses, gardens, and lands, shall be liable to all the penalties of pains and penalties by this act in Aided on the person or persons **** such dyed, coloured, stained, fabricated, or trianufadured,

and other leaves, in his, her, or their custody or possession, if it shall be proved, to the satisfaction of the justice or justices before whom the matter shall be heard, that such leaves were lodged in'such dwelling houses, outhouses, gardens, or lands, with the privity or content of the said occupier or occupiers thereof.

VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That one moiety of all and every the forfeitures herein before directed to be paid in pursuance of this act, shall go to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed.

VII And for the more easy conviction of persons offending against

this afty be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in all in Inhabitants of formations and other proceedings for any of the offences afore ^droiwedas said, the evidence of the inhabitants of the parish or place where evidence, the offence shall be committed shall be taken and allowed, any law, cuftoro, rule, order, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. V

VIII And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That his ***

majesty’s justices of the peace for the respective counties, cities, execution, ridings, divisions, districts, or places, wherein any of the offences committed against this act shall be done, are hereby authorised to put this act in execution, and to administer an oath

to any such credible witness or witnesses...

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That °*

the conviction or convidions of all and every offender and of be ccrttfed°to fenders against this act, shall be certified, by the justice or justices the nextqoar of the peace before whom the same shall be made, to the next ter sessions. general quarter sessions of the peace, to be filed amongst the records of the said sessions; and that such conviction shall be fairly

written on parchment or paper, in the folfowing form of words,

(as the case shall happen or in any other form of words to the like efsect; that is to say,

1 TJ E it remembered, That on the to wit. J II in the year

day of Form of conviction.

A. B. was upon the complaint of C D. convicted before of the justices of the peace for in pursuance of an, aft passed in the seventeenth year of the Vol, XXXI C C reign

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 30. [1777.

rtigft if his majtjly Xing George the Third, for

(as the case shall be.)

Given kniir hand and seal, theday and year ohm > written.

^onviftionnot Which said conviction shall be good and effectual in law, to all for want of *ntcnt® and purposes, and shall not be quashed, fet aside, or ad

form, etc. judged void or insufficient, for want of any form or words whatsoever

; nor shall the (ame be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his majesty’s court of King's Bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be final, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XXX

An act for farther refraining the negotiation of promijfory notes, and inland bills of exchange under a limited sum, within that part of Orest Britain called England.

Preamble. \\ THEREAS by a certain act of parliament, passed in the ff aa 15 Geo. 3. V V teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An recited. at to restrain the negotiation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain cmcd England,) all negotiable promijfory, or other notes, bills tf exchange, or draughts, or undertakings in writing, for any jum of money left than the sum of twenty fillings in the whole, and ijfued after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufani seven hundred and seventy five, were made void, and the publishing or uttering and negotiating of any such notes, bills, draughts, or undertakings, for a lefsjum than twenty jhilrngs, or on which less than that sum Should be due, was, by the Jaii aft, rejlrained under certain penalties or forfeitures therein mentioned; and allfuth notes, hills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings in writing, as had ijfued before the said twenty-fourth day June, were made payable upon demand, and were directed to be recovered in such manner as is therein also mentioned: and whereas the said act hath been attended with very salutary ejfefts, and in case the provifms therein contained were extended to a further sum [but yet without prejudice to the convenience arising to the public from the negotiation of promijfory notes and inland bills of exchange for the re mittanu of money in discharge of any balance of account or other debt) the good purposes of the said act would be further advaneed; be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and'consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, ...... and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

momsro°rya authority of the same. That all promissory or other notes, bills notes, C for of exchange, or draughts, or undertakings in Writing, being northeast

105. and left gotiable or transferable, for the payment of twenty (billings, or than a. which afly sum Of money above that sum and less than five pounds; tn^england af or on twenty (billings, or above that sum and less than

terjan.1, 177^ five pounds, shall remain undischarged, and which shall be issued

within

k7)?.] Apno decimo fitptirno Gkokou tit C go within that part of Grant Britain called England, at any time Ifefir Aall fpecifr the first dav of January, one thousand fatten hundred and seventy j

eight, shall specify the narpts and placet of abode of the perfoas t0 wh0m pay mipe&ively to whom, or tp whose order the fane shall be made able. ' payable; and shall bear date before or at the. time of drawing or ifluiftg thereof, and not on any day subsequent thereto; and shall be made payable within the (pace of twenty-one days next after the day of the date thereof; and shall not be transferrable or negotiable after the time thereby limited for payment thereof; and that every endorsement to be made thereon shall be made before the expiration of that time, and to bear date at or not before the time of making thereof end shall specify the name and place of abode of the person or persons to whom, or to whose order, the money contained in every, such note, bill, draught, or underr taking, is to be paid; and that the signing of every such note, Thetigningof bill, draught, or undertaking, and also of every such endorse ctn7 such. ment, shall be attested by one fubferibing witness at the lead Sorfcment'm and which said notes, bills of exchange, or draughts, or under be attefted’by takings in writing, may be made or drawn in words to the pur one witnefa.

rrt or effect as let out in the schedule hereunto annexed. No.

and II and that all promiflbry or other notes, bills of exchange, or draughts, or undertakings in writing, being negotiable or transferrable, for the payment of twenty Shillings, or any sum of money above that sum and less than five pounds; or in which twenty (billings, or above that sum and less than five pounds shall remain undischarged, and which shall be ifhied, within that part of Great Britain called England, at any time after the said first day of January, one thousand Seven hundred and seventy eight, iu any other manner than as aforesaid; and also every endorsement on any such note, bill, draught, or undertaking, to be negotiated under this a other than as aforesaid, shall, end the same are hereby declared to be, absolutely void any law, statute, usage, or custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That Penalty on the publishing, uttering, or negotiating, within that part of Great puhhoung or Britain called England, of any promiuory or other, note, bill of any such notea, exchange; draught, or undertaking in writing, being negotiable etc. contrary or transferrable for twenty (billings, or above that him and less to the method than five pounds, or on which twenty Shillings, or above that W

sum and less than five pounds, fball remain undischarged, and Uu* ’

htued or made in any other manner than notes, bills, draughts, or undertakings, hereby permitted to be published or negotiated s aforesaid;; also me negotiating of any of such lait mentioned notes, bills, draughts, or undertakings, after the time appointed for payment thereof, or before that time in any other manner than as aforesaid, by any ad, contrivance, or means whatsoever, from and after the said first day of January, one thousand fovea hundred and seventy eight, shall .be, and the same is hereby declared to be, prohibited or restrained, under. the like penalties or forfeitures, and to be recovered and applied

Cca in

*

qt Anno decimo septimo georoii III c.30. [1777.

in like manner as by the said act is directed, with respect to the tittering or publishing or negotiating of notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undmakings in writing, for any sum of money not Jess than the sum of twenty (billings, or on which left than that, a Aim (hold be due.

AH negotiable HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefitid, That, notw ct? be fr°m and immediately after the passing of this act, all promiflory tween tos. and or other notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings in fl which (handwriting, for the payment of anygreater (um of money than twen beiirued be ty (billings, and Iefs than the sum of five pounds, or on which 1778, fltahbe twenty Shillings, and Iefs than the sum of five pounds, shall repayable on main undischarged, and being negotiable or transferable, as demand. shall be iftued before the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, mall be, and the same are hereby declared and adjudged payable, within that part of Great Britain called England, on demand, any terms, restrictions, or ' conditions therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

; and shall be recoverable in such manner, or by the like means, as is or are directed in or by the said act with respect to notes, bills of exchange, or draughts, or undertakings in writing therein mentioned to have ifliied previous to the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five; and that all and every other the powers, provisoes, limitations, restrictions, penalties, dauses, matters and things whatsoever in the said former act contained with respect thereto, and also with respect to au such notes, bills of exchange, draughts, or undertakings in writing, issued after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be in force, within that part of Great Britain called England, as to all notes, bills of exchange, or draughts, or undertakings in writing, for twenty (billings, or any greater sum and Iefs than the sum of five pounds, or oq which twenty (billings, or above that sum and Iefs than fire pounds, shall remain undischarged, ifltued after the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and cventy eight, and previous thereto respectively, and in like manner as if the same respectively had been the object of the said act at the time of making thereof, save sofar as the same or any of them are altered or varied by this present act.

Ctmrimunce IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the so *** tr C ormer anc a this present act, shall continue in force,

005 not only for the residue of the term of five years in the said former

aft mentioned, and from thence to the end of the then next fefljon of parliament, but also for the further term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of juujia* mem.

SCHE,

*777*3 Anno decimo septimo Georgii 111. C 30.

SCHEDULE

No. I.

Place Day Month Year

— —

ct’weniy one days after date, I prto pay AB. of — —

X Sum

bis trier, tit sum of for value rectivtd by

C D„

Witntfs,

E.F.

And the endorsement, totits quoties.

Day Month Year

Pay the contents to Place’

G. H. of — —

or bis order,

Witnefi, A. B.

J.K.

No. II

Place Day Month Year Place

ct*wenty one days after date, pay to A. B. of — — or bis, tbt

X Sum

sum of — value received, as advised by

C p.

Place

7fle.f.r/ -- -- -- -

Witnefi,

G. H.

And the endorsement, toties

Day Month Year

Pay the contents to Place

J.K. of -- -- -- --

or his order.

A.

Witness L.M.

CC 3

CAP.

Anno dean) feptfmo geor6ii III C 31 — 33. [1777*

ih

CAP. XXXI

An act to enabte the tbmmftfionert for executing the 6i!ice 6f treasurer of hismajesty's exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to make an agreement or compofttion with the feve>al furetiet of William Brown, and the representatives of such of the said furetiet at are dead, for a debt remaining due from them to the crown, on federal tobacco boadft, entered into and executed by such furetiet respectively; and that they and their eftatetand effect may be acquitted and discharged therefrom.

ftteammej rccftihg ft vert! bottdi entered Into by william Brown, etc. payable to hit Majesty. Commiffionert of the treasury empowered to compound with William Francit, John Wlgglnton, etc. (niretiet for Will. Brbfen) in respect of the aforesaid bond. After such composition, etc. Hull be made by the commissionert of the treasury, the said furetiet and their eftatet shall be freed from all future claimt relating to the said bonds. This act not to discharge Will. Brown, bit hein, etc.

CA PXXXII.

An act for btludipg a pt church within the town and parish of Buckingham.

4 CAP. XXXIII

An act to allow the mafler dyers j within the counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent, to employ journeymen in their trade who have not served apprenticeships thereto.

Preamble. W hr\r E.AS made in the fifth year Aft 5 Eliz, ▼ F of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, ttituuled, An act contain recited, ing diverse orders for artificers, labourers, servants of husbandry, and apprentices, it is amongst other things enacted, That it Shall not be fateful to any ptrfan or per fans (other than such as then did lawfully use or exercift any art, myfiery, or manual occupation) to sat up, octupy, Ufa, dr txercifa, any crafty myfltty, of occupation, then ufad at occupied within the realm of England, or Wales, except be Jbdll have been brought up therein seven years, at the leaf, as an apprentice 1 nor to fat any person on work in such myfiery, art, or occupation, being not then a workman, except he Shall have been apprentice as aforesaid, upon pain of every person offending or doing the contrary to forfeit and sofa, for every default, forty/hillings for every month j whereby the trade of a dyer is very much injured and objlrufted\ in regard there are not a Jufficient number of persons who hope served an apprenticeship to be employed as journeymen therein: may it therefore pleikfe your Majesty that it may be enacted;; be it enacted bylhe Kirig*$ tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefept parliament assembled and by the authority of the to much of the same. That from the day of passing this act, so much of the said h, d ao’a$ rc‘ at made in the fifth year of the reign of the said Queen Eliza ncymendycri eth, above redted, as relates to journeymen or servants being repealed. 9 employed in the trade or occupation of a dyer, shall be, and the same is hereby rep j; led, with respect to the counties of Middle

M

17770 Anno deg mo feptitno Geqrqii III C $4.

/«, ejsex, Surrey, and jcw/j and that it shall and may be lawful

to and for all and every person and persons whomsoever, who carry on or use the trade of a dyer within any of the said counties of Aftddlesex, ejsex, Surrey, or Kent, to employ so many, and

such number of journeymen, servants, and labourers, as they shall respectively have occasion for, without incurring any penalty under the said ad, anything therein contained, or any other law, u&ge, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV

A off for the better supply of mariners and seamen to I bii Majesty'e Jbips of war, ana on board meribant Jbips ana other trading

Jbips and vessels.

Is

FOR the bitter supply of mariners and seamen to serve in Preamble.

Majesty's Jbips of war, and on board merchant Jbips, and other trading Jbips and vejfels\ be it enacted by the King’* moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and From the paf after the passing of this act until the twenty-fifth day of March, tb

one thousand seven hundred and seventy ejght, and no longer,

(except in respect of such merchant ships, and other trading eban'tihips, ships or vessels, which shall be on their voyage before the said etc. may be twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and wigated by seventy eight, who shall be, and are hereby allowed the liberty and benefit of returning home navigated in the manner as hereinafter is provided, it shall and may be lawful for any merchant ship, or other trading ship or vessel, to be navigated by foreign seamen or mariners, not being natives of Great Britain, or of any of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his majesty’s natural or naturalised subjects, so as the number of such foreign seamen or mariners, do not exceed three fourths of the mariners at any one time employed to navigate such merchant ship, or other trading ship or vessel, and that one fourth at lead of the mariners or seamen so employed be At all times natives, or his majesty’s .naturalised subjects of Great Britain, ffudden death and hazard and casualties of war, and the seas, laved and excepted), one act of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second,

(entitled. An act for the encouraging and tntreafing of/hipping and navigation), or any other statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II Provided always. That nothing in this act contained shall This act not extend to take away or restrain the effect of any such royal pro damation as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, are hnpower Nation to be CD to make by virtue of an act, passed id the thirteenth year of his madepurfuant late majesty’s reign, (entitled. An aftfor the better supply of mart to an an ners andseamen, to serve in his mqjejiy*s Jbips of war, and on board®™'u tnercbantjbips, and other trading Jbips and privateers.)

C C 4 CAP.

g66 £nno decimo septimo Georgii III C 35, 36. [1777;

CAP. XXXV

An at for furthtr continuing an act, pajftd in the sixth year of his present Mricfty's reign, entitled. An act to prohibit the importation of foreigp wrought silks and velvets for a limited timer. and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the (ilk manufacture.

Preamble.

AA $ Geo. $. iecited $

tand

further continued for 6 years.

WH E REAS i law herein after mentioned bas, by expert erne, been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring, may it therefore pleafeyour Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the king’s rood excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, 2nd by the authority of the same, That an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act to prohibit the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets for a limited time, and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the sill ipanufafture\ whict) was to continue in force for five years, from the fourteenth day of Jyne, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and from thence to the end of the then next feffiooof parliament; and which, by another act, made in the eleventh year of tfie reign of tys present Majesty, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the fourteenth day pf June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and from thence to the end of the then next fefliop of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the fourteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the end of the then nexf fefliop of parliament.

CAP. XXXVI

An act for enlarging the times appointed for the first meetings of cm' ' or trustees for putting in execution certain acts of this fefjion of parliament.

preamble. f H E R E A S certain acts may have been made and passed in Y V this present session of parliament, appointing the first meetings of the emmiffioners or trujlees for putting such acts in execution upon certain days which have elapsed before, or happened upon, the refbeftive days of faffing such acts; and doubts may arise whether, in such cases, the commijfioners or trujlees, appointed in and by such acts, are auth; fifed to meet and carry such acts into execution; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted e by the king’s moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice

and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the ers^ctcffor* me That n ca^c any a or acts of parliament hath or have executing any passed during this present session of parliament, and the com paifeif this mifiioners or trustees for putting such actor acts in execution, session, who not have met and held their first meetings on the respective

1777*] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 37. 367

fpedtive days appointed by fpch acts refpe&iveiy, it shall and have” ” held may be lawful for such commissioners or trustees, or such num ^

of them as by such acts are authorised to meet and to put formab^to " such acts. in execution, to meet and proceed in the execution of such aft, may such acts respectively on or before the day fortnight next after meet within a the end of this present session of parliament; and alf such meet ings so had shall arid are hereby declared to be as good, valid, p^fentfeffion! and effectual, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if tlte commissioners or trustees had met and proceeded to put such acts in execution on the days appointed in and by such respective acts; and all acts, matters, and things, which shall be done by 1 such commissioners or trustees in the execution of such acts respectively, shall be as valid and effectual in all respects, and to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if their first meetings had been held on the days appointed by such acts respectively.

CAP. XXXVII

An act to Indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments \ and to indemnify jujiices of the peace, or other Si who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualificationswithin the time limited by la w, and for giving further time for tbcfe purposes;; to indemnify members and officers, in cities corporations, and borough towns, whole admissions have been omitted to bo fiamped according to law r or, having been jlamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly jlamped \ and to give further time to fuel persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

WHEREAS diverse persons, who, on account of their offices, Preamble.

places 1 employments, or prosessions, or any other cavfe or occa fan, ought to have taken and subscribed the oaths, or the ajjurance respectively, appointed to be by such persons taken and subscribed, in and by an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, of glorious memory, (entitled, An act for the ave onittted further fecurityof his majcfty’s person and government, and the to qualify succession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being protestants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pre agreeable to tended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors;) or to 1 Geo‘ have qualified themselves according to an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for Aft 13 Car. a. the well governing and regulating corporations;) or to have qua lifted themselves according to another a ft, made in the twenty-fifth year ff the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for pre Aft *5 Car. venting the dangers which may happen from popish recusants, by receiving th sacrament of the lord’s supper, according to the usage of the church of England, and making and fbbfcribing the declaration against transubstantiation therein mentioned;) or according to another act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Aft 30 Car. s, Charles the Second, [entitled. An act for the more effectual preserving the King's person add government, by disabling papists.

.

S Anno decimo septimo georgii III C 37. [*7#*

from sitting in either house of parliament 5) or according to another oft made tu the eighth year of the reign of bit late majesty King AT Geo. V George the Fir ft, (entitled, An act for granting the people called Quakers such forms of affirmation or declaration as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under;) or according to another act, made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty Aft 9 Geo. i. King George the Second) (entitled An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for amending (b much ot an act, passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term, or quarter sessions; and also for enlarging the time limit d by law for making and fubferibing the declaration against traofubftantiation; and for allowing a further time for inrol* ment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lessees)) according to another act) made in the eighteenth year of the reign of bit late majesty King Aft it geos. George the Second, (entitled, An act to amend and render more effectual an act, passed in the fifth year of his present majesty’s reign, entitled. An act for the further qualification ofjuflices of the peace \) or according to another act made in the firth year of the reign and aft 6 Geo. of his present Majesty) (entitled, An act for altering the oath of 3* abjuration, and the assurance; and for amending so much of an act

made in the seventh year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anni) entitled. An act for the improvement of the mien of the two kingdom) as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lists and copies therein mentioned to persons indicted of high treason, or misprision of treason)) through ignorance of the law) abfenu) or some unavoidable accident, omitted to take and subscribe the said oatns and ajfurance% and make and fubferihe the declaration required by law, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within fueb time) and in such manner) as in and by the said acts respectively, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made, is required) whereby they have incur+ed, or may be in danger of incurring diverse penalties and disabilities: for quieting the minds of his Majeftfs subjects) and for preventing any inconveniences that might otberufife happen by mans of such omiftkns; be it enacted by the king’s moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par iwfline of this l*ament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That all * and every person or persons, who, at or before the palling of this act, hath or shall have omitted to take and subscribe the said oaths and declarations, or to receive the sacrament of the lord’s Tapper, or otherwise to qualify him, her, or themselves, within such time, and in such manner, as in and by the said acts, or any of them, or by any other act of parliament in that behalf made, is required; and who, after accepting any such office, place, or employment, or undertaking any profession or thing on account of which such qualifications ought to have been had, and is required, before the palling of this act, hath or h*vc taken and

fubfcribe4

1777 ] Anno decimo septimogxproi^ III o. 37.' 3%

(bbfcribed the said oaths, or made the declarations required by law, and also received the fecrament of the lord’s tapper, according to the uface of the church Of, of who, on or and who Audi,

before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hun «« or before died and fevcnty^seven, shall take and tahfcribe the said oaths, declarations, and assurance respectively, in tach cases wherein by * law the said oaths, declarations, and aitarance, ought to have been taken or tabfcrijbed, in tach manner and form, and at or in tach place or places, as are appointed in and by the said act, mode in the first year of the reign of his said late majesty King Gtirge the First, or by any other aft or acts of parliament in that behalf made and provided, and also hath or have received, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of one

thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, receive the iacra ment pf the lord’s tapper, according to the ufege of the church of England, in tach cases wherein the said sacrament ought to

have been received, and hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thotifand seven hundred and feventv seven, make and tabferibe the id declaration against trantabftantiation, and also hath or have made and subscribed, or shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and seven ty fereti, make and tabferibe the said declaration, in the said statute made in the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, in tach cases wherein the said declarations ought to have been made and subscribed, and take and tabferibe the oath directed by the said act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King Geerge the Second, in tach cases wherein the said oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in tach manner as by the said act is directed, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and disabilities incurred, or to be incurred, for or by Audi be. teafon of any neglect or omission previous to the palling of this indemnified aft. Of taking or tabferibing the said oaths or assurance, or re ceiving the sacrament, or making or tabferibing the said declarations, or taking or tabferibing the said oath, according to the abovementioned acts, or any of them, or any other aft or acts; and tach person and persons is and are, and shall be, fully and oftually recapacitated and restored to the same date and condition at be, Ihes, or they, were in before fitch neglect or omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her,

6t themselves, according to the abovementioned acts, and every Of them: and that U cleftio^ of, and acts done, or to be done, by any tach person or persons, yr by authority derived from him, her, sir thetn, are and shall be of the same force and validity as the same, or any of them, would have been if tach person or persons respectively had taken the said oath or assurance, and received the facratttent of the lord’s tapper, and made and tab scribed the said declarations, and taken and subscribed the said oath, according to the direction of the said acts, and every or any of them i and that though qualification of tach person or persons,

qua

370 Anno decimo fepdmo georgii HI. c.37; [1777,

^ualifyingthemfelves in manner, and within the time appointed by this act, shall, be, to all intenta and purposes, as effectual u ' if ruch person or persons had respectively taken the said oaths and assurance, and received the sacrament, and made and subscribed the said declaration, and taken and subscribed the said oath, t within the time, and in the manner appointed by the several acts before mentioned.

Not toindem II Provided always. That this act, or anything herein con nify any pertained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify son for any any person againd whom final judgement shall have been given, by ner Urn any a<^on & debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his leding to qua majesty’s courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having iiiy hunfelt. neglected to qualify himself within the time limited by law.

III And whereas the appointments of diverse clerks'of the pact, town clerks, and other public officers, and the admissions of diverse members, and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, or tie entries of such admissions in the court books, rolls, or records, of [tub cities, corporations, and borough towns, which by several alls of parliament are direhed and requited to be /lamped, may not bam been provided, or the same not jlansped, of may have been lost or mifkui; Perfqns probe it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the during ap. relief of such persons whose appointments and admissions, or m^a^iffions t*lc cntr*cs wh°fe admissions as aforesaid may not have been before Dec!! or not duly damped, or where the same have been 1777, 5 lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such persons,

on or before the twenty-fifth dy of December, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, to provide, or cause to be provided, appointments and admissions, or entries of admis fipns, as aforesaid, duly stamped: or, in case where such appointments, admissions, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly damped, to produce such appointments, admissions, or entries of admit cons, as aforesaid, to the commissioners appointed to inspect and manage the revenues of the lamp duties, to be duly damped; which such commissioners are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, to duly damp, on payment of the duties first pay qualified to a^e* or t0 h*ve been paid on such appointments, admissions, or aa clerk, entries of admissions, as aforesaid, without any fine or forfeiture officer, or thereon; and such persons so providing appointments, admis member of sins, or entries of admissions, as aforesaid, duly damped, or ctc^.p0^atl<3wi,, Procurmg the same to be duly damped, in manner aforesaid, are m * en: oy an and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as clerk of offices into the peace, town clerk, or otherfublick officer, or member or which they members, officer or officers, of such cities, corporations, and borough towns refpe<$tively, to alf intents and purposes, and shall elected; Inc may hold and enjoy, and execute such offices, or any other and shall be 0fljce or offices into which he or they hath Or have been elected, fromaupenil notwithstanding his or their omission, or the omission of any of ties and dama their predecefiors, in such cities, corporations, or borough towns, tges incurred as aforesaid; and shall be indemnified and discharged of and oy iffiomk.°f *4 incapacities, difabilitif?, fprfcitures, penalties, and da

i777-j ^nno decimo septimo Georgii III C 37. 371

mages, by reason of any such omission; and none of his or their acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

IV Provided always. That this act, or anything herein con - Not to extend rained, shall not extend, or be conftmed to extend, to restore or fons toany*" entitle any person or persons to any office or employment, bene cfljce avoided fice, matter, or thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by by judgement, judgement of any of his majesty’s courts of record, or already

legally filled up or enjoyed by any other person; but that such office, employment, benefice, matter, or thing, so avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now, or shall, at the pa sling of this act, be legally entitled to the same, assis this act had never been made.

V And whereas many persons have omitted to cause affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper office, of the aflual cue action of several contracts in writing entered into by them to serve as clerks to attornies or folicitorsj within the time in which the same' aught to have been done, and many infants and others, may thereby incur certain disabilities; for preventing thereof and relieving such

persons, be it enacted by the authority aforeiaid, That every per Person who * son who, at the passing of this act, shall have negteded or omitted .cause acto cause any such affidavit or affidavits as aforesaid tp be made^j^jjjf^ e and filed, and who, on or before the first day of Michaelmas Michaelmas term, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, shall cause term 1777, one or more affidavit or affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed, in such manner as the same ought to have been made and filed in due time, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and again ft all penalties, forfeitures, inca ^ and disabilities, ih or by any act or acts of parliament, penalties, mentioned and incurred, or to be incurred, for or by reason of such neglect or omission; and every such affidavit and affidavits foto be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the said first day of Michaelmas term, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, shall be as effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been made and filed within the respective times the same ought, by the laws now in being for that purpose, to have been made and filed.

VI And be it further enacted. That in cgfe any action, suit, Persons prose bill of indiftroent, or information, shall, from and after the paf j uted and fingof this act, be brought, carried on, or prosecuted, againstj^ty^"1 any person or persons hereby meant or intended to be indemni nified, may" fied, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any forfei plead’the gc ture, penalty, incapacity, or disability whatsoever incurred, or to nerai iffuc* be incurred, by any such neglect or omission, such person or per.

Jons may plead the general issue, and, upon their defence, give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, upon any trial tp Jbe had thereupon.

CAP.

37*

Anno decimo feprfmo Georgii III C 38, 39. [1777.

car xxxvm.

An a for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fer?ice of the year one thousand seven hundred and een ty (even.

CAP. XXXIX

An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon nil Jervants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; and for r. pealing several rates and duties upon glass, imposed by an act mode in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and sit granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu thereof and for the better collecting the duties upon glass; and for repealing the several rates and duties charged by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, upon ell persons and bodies politic and corporate having certain quantities sf ftlver plate.

Mojl Gracious Sovereign,

Preamble: TXT E your Majejlfs most dutiful and loyalfubjelte, the commons tf

V V Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising tit nectjjary supplies which we have chearftdly granted to your Majesty in this fejfton of parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your mo jejly the several rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that; it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, After July 5, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth

1777, *1 » today of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, there be paid yearly (ha ^ raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, bis male^ftrsant **cirs an fuccc®>rs> after the rate ot twenty-one (billings per employed as annum for every male servant, within the kingdom of Greet herein after Britain, who shall then have been, or shall afterwards be, retained mentioned. or employed in the following capacities; (that is to say) of maitre

d’hotel, house steward, mailer of the horse, groom of the cham ber, valet dechambre, butler, under butler, clerk of the kitchen, confectioner, cook, house.porter, footman, running footman, coacliman, groom, postiilion, stable boy, and the rcfpeclive helpers in the (tables of such coacliman, groom, or postiilion, or in the capacity of gardener (not being a day labourer) park keeper, game keeper, huntsman, whipper in, whether such male servants shall have been or shall be retained and employed in one or more of the said capacities, or in any other business jointly with one or more of the said capacities of a servant; which said ygt. to be paid sum of twenty one (billings per annum shall be charged and paid for every such in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, every such servant for the master or mi ft refs shall be charged fifteen (billings for every such July 5*1777? servant retained or employed within the time which shall and Marchs5, clapfe between the fifth day of Julyy one thousand seven hun

1778. dred and seventy seven, and the twenty-fifth day of Marcby one

chou

373

l777*] Amo dedlmo septimo gfiorqii III C 39.

thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and every such matter or mistress shall be charged the sum of twenty-one (billings for every such servant which shall be so retained or employed within every subsequent year, ending on the twenty-fifth day of March; and the said several sums herein before mentioned shall be levied and paid in every yeir, within six months subsequent to the twenty-fifth day of March, on which such charges are hereby directed to be made.

II Provided always. That this act shall not extend to any This act not servant who shall be retained or employed, bona side, for the to extend to purposes of husbandry or manfaftures, or of any trade or causing

by which the matter or mittrefs of such servant earn a bandry.ma * livelihood or profit. nufaftures,

III Provided also. That the duty hereby granted for every etc coacliman, groom, pottiilion, or helper, let out to hire by way Who shall pay of job, shall be paid by the matter or mittrefs for whole use, ^^^yf^or and in whose service, such coacliman, groom, pottiilion, or grooms, etc. helper, shall be employed respectively; and that the duty hereby let out to hire, granted for every gardener, retained or employed by any person

or persons who shall contrast for the keeping of any garden or gardens, shall be paid by the person or persons for whole use and in whose garden such gardener shall be employed.

IV Provided also, That nothin® in this a ft contained shall Duty to bt extend, or be construed to extend to exempt any person or Paid for k.r* persons from the payment of the duty imposed by this act, in afbre ** respect of any servant retained or employed in any of the capa said, not with cities aforesaid, on account or under pretence that such servant (landing their is or shall be bound as an apprentice to such person or persons; being apprtn lave and except filch apprentices as are or shall be imposed upontice#’. any matter or mistress, under and by virtue of the powers given

to magistrates and parish officers by any act of parliament, so as the number of such apprentices so imposed upon any matter or mistress does not exceed two.

V Provided also, That this act, or anything herein con Butlers, cooks, tained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to charge etc in the with the duty hereby granted, the biller or butlers, manciple, unitcrfities| cook or cooks, gardener or gardeners, porter or porters, of any

college or hall within either of the universities of Oxford or

Cambridge, or the universities of Edingburgb, Gtafgow, Aberdeen,

or Saint Andrews in Scotland, or of the several colleges of /fw?

minfier, Eaton, or wincbejur, or to the servants of his Majesty, Serfantsofthe

or any of the royal family, or of any ambafiador or foreign mi family,

Slitter redding in the kingdom of Great Britain *

Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein and certain 'Contained shall extend to charge with the duty .hereby granted, bofpitals, CX any of the royal hospitals of Chrifi, Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, emptcd* Bethlehem, Saint Thomas in the city of London and borough of Southwark, or guy’s, or the Foundling ffojpital.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Duties to he That the duty by this act imposed as aforesaid shall be aftefied, collected by raised, levied, collected, and received by such persons, and shall

u be *

Anno decimo feprimo Georgii III C 39. [1777.

the exchequer be paid into his majesty’s exchequer, for the purposes in this under such ad expressed, in such and the like form and manner, and with uakamm^nt a^owanccs> anc under such penalties, forfeitures, and dif ed for the du - abilities, and according to such rules methods, and directions, tie on houses as are prescribed or appointed for aflefling, raising, levying, coland window, lecting, receiving, and paying, the duties on houses and windows aogeo3*** or nan an a niade in the twentieth year of the

*° N '** reign of his late Majesty, entitled. An act for repealing the fivt- ral rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for raising the sum offour millions four hundred thoufani pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties; and by another ad, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his laid late Majesty, entitled, An act to enforce the execution of an act of this session of parliament>for granting to his Majesty several rales and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and by an ad, made in the a&saigeo.s, twenty first year of his said late maiefty’s reign, entitled, .//!

act for explaining, amending, and father enforcing the execution of an acty passed in the laji session of parliament, entitled, An act for the repealing several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to 31 Geo. ». be charged on the said rates or duties; and by an ad, made in the thirty first year of the reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon 1 offices and penfions^and upon houses yandupon windows or lights; and for

raising the sum offive millions by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged, ft Geo. 3. on the said rates and duties; and by an ad, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon windows or and 6 Geo, 3. lights and by an ad, made in the sixth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, entitled. An act for repealing the several duties upon houfesy windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majefij other duties upon houses, windows, and lights, or by any of them; and that all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, now in force, contained in the said several acts, or any of them, for the assessing, raising, levying, colleding, and paying the rates and duties thereby granted, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain for the aflefling, raising, levying, colleding, and paying the duties upon servants by this act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as the same are or may be, for the aflefling, raising, levying, colleding, and charging the rates and duties granted by the aforesaid acts, or any of them, sofar as the said powers, authorities, rules and penalties, are applicable thereunto, and not altered by this act; and that all moneys arising by the said duty granted by this act, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty1*

CX

Goot e

i777-j Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 39- Hi

exchequer at m^jlmirjier^ distinctly and apart from all other branches of the public revenue, and shall he carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called thefinking fund.

VIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

That for the better execution of this aeft, and for the ordering, for^meniion raifmg, levying, colletsing, and paying the duty hereby granted, ed ah shall the commissioners au; horized or appointed, or who shall be put ths M in hereafter authorised or appointed, for putting in execution the eaecutioft. said herein before mentioned acts, or any of them, shall be commissioners for putting in execution this present act, and the powers therein contained, in all and every the respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, f £rg towns, and places respectively within Great Britain; and that etcf

the said commissioners, in order to the speedy execution of this act, shall, in their respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places, for which they are or shall be appointed commissioners respectively, meet on or before the thirtieth day of Jpril, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and shall, in like manner, meet yearly and every year, at such day or time as the said commissioners for the time being shall think proper to appoint, before the thirtieth day of Jprityearly; and shall then divide themselves to ad in separate districts, and proceed in the execution of this present ady for aflefling, raising, levying, and colleding the duty hereby granted as aforefard, in such and the same manner as is prescribed by the said before mentioned acts, or any of them, with respect to the rates and duties thereby imposed.

IX And it is hereby also enacted. That the said commiffl corrmutiqm oners shall, in the precepts to be from time to time directed by

them to the inhabitants of the parishes or places within their ^, c*n^ respective districts or divisions, w hom they Shall think fit to be afteilor*. presenters and afleflbrs under the said before mentioned nds, or any of them, cause notice to be inserted, that such persons are to be appointed afleflbrs of the duty upon servants granted by this act.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tfiat afltcflbrs td such persons to be appointed afleflbrs as aforesaid, shall, within give notice hi fourteen days after such their appointment yearly, give or leave

notice or warning in writing, to or for the master or mistress of pr0(|i, re, every servant on whom a duty is imposed by this act, within the Lists of their limits of the places for which such afleflbrs are to ad, at his or servant ember dwelling house, to prepare and produce, within the space of fourteen days then next ensuing, a dist in writing of his or her ctc# f

servants retained or employed within the said parish or district, deferibing the number by him or her retained or employed, the christian and surname of each servant, and the office or capacity in or for which each servant is retained or employed \ every such list to contain the greatest number of servants at any one time retained and employed in the course of the year, ending on the twenty*fifth day of March in each preceding year; and that every such master or mistress do and shall, after such notice Vol. XXX L Dd so

376 Anno decimo septimo georgh III c.39. [1777.

so given or left, make out a list of his or her servants accordingly, and sign the same with his or her own hand, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such affeffor or How assessors assessors: and in case any such matter or mistress shall negledtor to proceed, in refuse to make out, sign, and deliver such list within the time neele<ft to^ie before mentioned, then such affeffor or assessors shall, from the liver such lilti. best information he or they can obtain, make an assessment upon such matter or mistress so refusing or negledling, for or in respect of the number of servants so retained or employed by such matter or mistress, diftinguilhing them by their christian and ' Turname, and their respective employments; and every such assessment

so made upon any such neglect or refusal shall be final and conclusive upon such matter or mistress, who shall not be at liberty to appeal therefrom, unless such matter or mistress shall prove that he or she were not at their respective dwelling houses at the time of the delivery of such respective notices, nor between that day and the time limited for their delivering their respective lists to the afftffor; or unless such matter or mistress shall allege and prove such other excuse for not having delivered their lists as the commissioners in their judgement shall think reasonable and sufficient.

Lists to con XI Provided always, That the lists which shall be delivered eft^number of m inanner herein before mentioned by order of the said com fervantsem miflioners, and which shall be for the space of time which shall ployed during elapse between the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred Retime to and seventy seven, and the twenty-fifth day of March, one

relate.they thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, shall contain the

greatest number of servants which such matter or mistress shall at any time have retained or employed between the said fifth day of July, onp thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and the said twenty-fifth day of a4arch, one thousand seven hundred ' and seventy eight.

Commission XII And whereas many masters and mijlreffes, who will be charge cation to a^e ^uty *mp°f£d by this act, have or may have diverse bcufes

grant" relief to or paces f residence in different parts of the kingdom, andfome of persons who their servants may be jlationed and resident in such refpeflive bcufes or have been places of residence, and others of them may be removed from time lo

feren^ 'lices time t0 aiten^ upon t^elr Jai moflers or miftrcjfes> or their business: forth font and whereas other mailers or mijlrejjes keeping servants may from time servants. to time change their houses, lodgings, or places of abode: therefore, ts the end that no person may be obliged to pay for the same servants, or others coming in their room, in more parishes or diftrifls than one within the same y^ar \ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any matter or mistress, having bcenaffeffed inonepanlh oi*district for his or her servants retained or employed within the same, shall happen to be again assessed in another parish or district for or in respect of such servants, .or any of them; in such case the commissioners for the district wherein the houe, lodging, or place of residence or abode of the matter or mistress assessed shall be firuated, or the majority of the commissioners

present at any application for this purpose, may and are hereby

required

377

j777*] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 3^.' required to alter any afleftment, on proof given before them thaf the said matter or mistress hath paid the duty imposed or intended by this acts, for or in refpedfc of such servant or servants, in: another place, and in what placespecifically, or hath leen assessed for the same; which proof shall be made, as to the fact of payment, by producing a receipt signed by the colledtor to whom the same payment was made, or in default thereof by other reasonable evidence to the satisfaction of the commissioners * the majority of them, before whom such evidence shall be offered; and the aforesaid proof, as to the fact of the party having been assessed elsewhere, shall be made in like manner, either by producing a copy or certificate of the assessment, signed by two or more commissioners of the district for which such assessment had been made, which copy or certificate the clerk then attending the said commissioners shall deliver gratis to the party requiring the same; or in default of such copy or certificate, then such j5roof shall be made by other evidence to the fathfadlion of the commissioners present, or the majority of them.

XIII And whereas diverse noblemen, gentlemen, and others, retain diretftorts foi or employ groomsf jlable boys, and other j<truants, to look after and aflefling no attend upon horses or hounds at many places within this kingdom where

they themselves have no houses or places of refdence; be it therefore fervanuat^ enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be places where lawful for the afleflor or aflefiors, within and for such districts or they h*veu* places respectively, to deliver or leave such notice as is herein houfea. before directed to be given, at the house or houses where such grooms, stable boys, or other servants usually reside; and that ail and every of such noblemen, gentlemen, and others, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, a list or lists, ligned by them respectively, specifying the number of servants lb retained and employed by them for the purposes aforesaid, to the aflcltor* within and for the respective districts or limits where such serve an s shall usually reside, and the afleflrnents for and m respect of such servants shall be made and delivered by the affeflors within and for such respective limits or districts.

XIV And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the In case tfid authority aforesaid. That such afllftois as aforesaid shall not Ic lists delivered bound by such lists as shall be delivered to them respectively in J? pursuance of this act, but shall be at liberty, in cale they shall deficient^rhcy find upon due examination that any servant or servants are emit furchaigtf ted in such lists, to surcharge the same, and make a true afteflf the same, mentupon every master and mistress within their respective districts of the real number of servants so retained or employed by

such master or mistress, diftinguilhing the christian and surname of such servant or servants, and their respective employments; aft fors to and shall from time to time make and deliver in writing their afleflinents of the duty charged by this act, within the bounds ^ cowmj or limits for which they are respectively to act as aforesaid, unto fjoners within the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, within the 3 months af'uf space of three calendar months next after the time of their being then appeint so appointed assessors $ that the said commissioners to whom

D d at such

378 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 39. [1777.

Commission such assessments shall be so delivered, or any two of them, * shall, era to sign the within the (pace of one calendar month next after the receipt of

print collect same rcfpe&ivety> or as f°on ater as conveniently may be, tors, *tc. fet their hands to the said respective assessments, and to such surcharge or surcharges as shall or may have been made in the mean time, either by the same afleflbrs, or by such surveyor or surveyors as herein after is or are mentioned, testifying their allowance of the same; and shall likewise nominate and appoint two of the persons named in each of such assessments to be collegers, or any other two such persons as they shall think able and reiponfable, for the respective divisions and places for which they shall be so presented;; shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered, such assessments so by them allowed of, unto the respective persons by them nominated to be collectors for the year ensuing who are hereby enjoined and required to collect and pay the duties hereby assessed, and to give acquittances for the same.

Surveyors un XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, der the before That all and every surveyor and surveyors appointed and to be aft o?a in app°*ntcd under or by virtue of the said several acts herein be fpeft^the lists fore mentioned, or any of them, for the rates and duties thereby before they are imposed, shall be, and he and they are and is hereby empowered signed, and and authorised to inspect and examine any list or lists to be made amend them. out an(j fignecj by any such master or m.stress as aforesaid, or any afleflinent or assessments for any parish or place, before thecom miflioners shall have sinned and allowed the same, and to alter and amend any such list or lists, afleflinent or assessments, if he or they shall see just cause for so doing, by fpecifyingthechriftian and surname of each servant to be added to or taken from such list, together with their respective employments; and every person, in whose custody any such lists or assessments shall be, is hereby required, upon the request of any such surveyor or fur if surveyors veyors as aforesaid, to produce the same: and if any such fur di(cover any veyor or surveyors shall, after any such list or litis, afleflinent or a^e^mentsi stall he so respectively made our, signed, and allowed signed, they as aforesaid, find or discover, upon his or their iurvey or exami are to certify nation, that any master or mistress, that should and ought to be the same to charged with the said duty hereby granted, shall have been omittc<^ the charged therewith, or shall have been underrated, such surveyor or surveyors shall certify the same in writing under his hand, together with the christian and surname and the employment of each servant, by way of surcharge, to any two or more of the said commissioners, in order to have such omission or under rate certified in the said afleflinent, and such commissioners are thereupon to cause the same to be rectified, and the duties levied/accordingly.

Matters to he XVI sfvd to the end that every master and mistress may deliver, doubly rated or Caufs to be delivered, to the ajfcffor or ajfejfors, a true list of thtir vtnta^he Cr' refpcdlive servants according to the intent of this atu be it further omvin their en3fted by the authority aforesaid' ' in all cases where any lists. afleflor or surveyor shall make a surcharge upon any matter pr

mistress,

*777-] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III c.39. 379

mijstress, for or in respect of any servant or servants omitted to be inserted in any such list, such surcharge shall be made after northeast balfof the rate of two pounds two (billings an head for every such fer are to'be vant io omitted j and the afleflor or surveyor so making such fur ai fed the charge shall be, and is hereby entitled to, and shall have and afletfor or fur receive, to and for his own use, one pound one (lulling of every veyor making such iurcharge which shall bejuftly made upon any such list. the same

XVII Provided always, and be it hereby further enaefted. Surveyors or

That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to autho afleflor*not to rise or empower any surveyor or afleflor to enter the dwelling ^ehing house, mouthouses, or garden, of any person, for the purpose or h0jfc, etc. to under the pretence of infpeding or examining the number of examine the servants retained or employed by such person. number of

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, rcr"ants* That if any person or persons shall think himself, herself, or pcr*°ns over themselves respectively overcharged or overrated by any afleflt t ™tahycap* mem, charge, or surcharge, to be made by virtue or in purfu commidioa ance of this act, it shall be lawful for him, her, or them refpec ers. tivcly, to appeal to the said commissioners; and that the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall and they arts

hereby required to hear and determine all such appeals, except where it shall appear to the said commissioners that the matter or mistress had omitted to deliver in their lists, and shall not assign fufiicient cause to the satisfaction of the commissioners for such

omission in manner herein before mentioned; provided that at Appellant to the time of hearing the same, a list shall be produced, by or on deliver, on the part of the appellant, upon oath, of the greatest number f the create ft servants of such appellant, within the district or limits of thenumberof places where such appeal shall be made, subject to the duty hereby fervanrs cm. granted, that shall have been retained or employed by him or ploved, etc. her at any time between the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and the twenty fish day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, with respect to the space of time which shall elapse between the said fifth day of Julyy one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and the said twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight i or with respect to any future year, the greatest number of servants which shall have been so retained or employed by him or her within the year preceding the twenty-fifth day of Manh in every such year, with a description of the occupation of each servant, and of the capacity in which such servant shall have served;; that all such appeals shall be heard and determined on the days appointed, and in the manner directed by the several acts herein before mentioned, with respect to the duties on houses, windows, or lights.

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission That the said commissioners, or any of them, shall not, upon ^^e0^to the hearing of any appeal, make any abatement or defalcation ^atement in in the charge, or surcharge, made upon any person by such af the charge, feflment as aforesaid, or the surcharge of any such surveyor or etc. unleis it (urveyors as aforesaid, but the same shall ftana good and remain(ha11 appc^

D d 3

part

nt

one

etc,

on

Anno decimo septimo georgii III c.39. [1777.

part of the annual assessment, unless it shall then appear to that laid commissioners, by examination upon oath, that such person is over rated in and by such assessment or surcharge;; every „ V person intending to appeal to the said commissioners, shall, and is hereby required to give at the least ten days notice thereof to the said surveyor, or to one or more of the afleflor s of the parish or place wherein such person is rated, of such intention to appeal; and such surveyor and afl'eflors may then and there attend to juftity the said afteftinent and surcharge; and such surveyor and ^flelfors, and appellant, shall have full and free liberty to be present during all the time of hearing such respective appeals, and of the said commissioners determining the same: and the said tain commissioners are hereby authorised and empowered upon every y such appeal, although they shall confirm the surcharge of such ^ or surveyor, upon the application of any such master or to be mistress, to remit and (hike off the said penally of one pound cne shilling herein before directed to be paid to such afleflor or surveyor furcharging such list, in case they shall be of opinion that there was any doubt whether such servant or servants so surcharged was or were rateable within the meaning of this act, and were not wilfully omitted by such master or mistress out of such list or lists.

XX Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if, on *, etc. such examination on the hearing such appeal, it shall appear to ns a the said commissioners that such surcharge was falsely and vexa

tioufly made; then, and in such case, such surveyor or afleflor so furcharging shall forfeit and incur such penalties and punithment as in and by the herein before mentioned acts are directed to be inflicted on surveyors or afleflors for neglect of duty.

XXI And be it further enabled by the: authority aforesaid, That all appeals once heard and determined by the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, or the m jor part of them then present, on the day or days by them appointed for hearing of appeals, shall be final (except as is h^rein after direct CD

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if either the said surveyor, or the person so appealing, in that part of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or in Berwick upon Tweed, shall apprehend the determination made by

Bench; the said commissioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such surveyor or person respectively to require the said commissioners to state specially, and sign the case upon which the question arose, Together with their determination thereupon; which case the said commissioners, or the major part of them then present, are hereby required to date and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the party making such request, as aforesaid, ro be by him transmitted to one of theju ftices of the court of King's Bench,, or Ccrnnon Pleas, or to one pf the barons of the court of Exchequer for the lime being; and

every

mati

m mif to be

, etc.

difia

may,

land,

to tne f

1777-] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III c.39. 381

every such justice and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to such case so transmitted, with bis opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which opinion so certified, the assessment, which shall have been the cause of such appeal, thall be altered or confirmed: and that if either the said surveyor, or the person so appealing, in that part caqnurt of of Great Britain called Scotland shall apprehend the determina fion. tion made by the said commissioners to be contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall then declare himself or herself dissatisfied with such determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such surveyor or person dissatisfied respectively, to require the said commissioners, or the major part of them then prpsent, to state specially and sign the case upon which the question arose, together with their determination thereupon; which case the said commissioners are hereby required to state and sign accordingly, and to cause the same, to be delivered to the party making such request as aforesaid, to be by him transmitted to one of the judges of the court of sejjion, or of the barons of the ex chequer in Scotland, and every such judge and baron is hereby required, with all convenient speed, to return an answer to such case so transmitted, with his opinion thereupon subscribed thereto; according to which opinion so certified the assessment, which shall have been the cause of such appeal, shall be altered or confirmed : provided always. That notwithstanding any such case so transmitted to any of the said justices, judges, or barons, the determination of the said cpmmiflioners shall stand with respect to the payments which shall become due precedent to the opinion certified by any such justice, judge, or baron, upon such case.

XXIII And whereas by an act of parliament made in the nine Recital of an teenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the fecondy AIN 19 Geo. (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and * duties upon glass, and upon spirituous liquors; and for raising a certain sum of money by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the said rates and duties; and for obviating some doubts about making out orders at the exchequer for the moneys advanced upon the credit of the salt duties, granted and continued to his Majesty by an acts of the last session of parliament,) it was amongst other things enaftedy "That there Should be raised, leviedy col leftedy and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc ctjforsy the several rates and duties therein exprejfed on all glass imported into Great Britain, and the several other rates and duties for and upon all the materials or metaly or other preparations whatsoever, made use of in the making of all crowny plate, and flint glafsy and all white glafsy and in making of common bottlesy and all other green glass in Great Britain 5 we, your majesty*s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament ajj'embled, do think it would be for the advantage of the public to repeal the present rates and duties upon glass imported into Great Britain, and upon the materials or metal made use of in making the several sorts of glass in the said recited oft mentioned and to grant unto your Majesty, in lieu thereof, the several new and additional rates and duties herein after mentioned;

D d 4 and

I

From July 5, 7777, tnc duties oij glacs imported, etc. g anted by the before recited 0, to ccafe.

New duties to be paid in lieu thereof.

Foreign ghfs liable to any cuity, widen ilial; be imported cldll deltinely, 10 be forfeited;

1 ,., „. *

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III 0.39. [1777.

and also that further regulations Should be eftablifhedfor the better collection of the said duties: be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of Julyy one thousand seven hundred andfeven ty seven, the before mentioned duties upon glass imported, and upon the materials or metal used in making the several sorts of glass granted by the said recited act shall cease, determine and be no longer paid or payable, save only and except in all cases relating to the recovering any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said rates and duties upon glass, or to any penalties or forfeitures in respect thereof, which shall haveariten 6r grown due and payable to his Majesty, or may have been incurred upon, or at any time before the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in lieu thereof, from and after the said fifth day of Wr, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon alt glass which Shall at any time or times hereafter be imported, or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all other customs, subsidies, and duties, by any act or acts of parliament (nowin force and not hereby repealed) imposed upon or payable for the same, the several and respective rates or new duties herein after expressed; (that is to say) for and upon all plate, enamel, stained, and pafle glass, and upon all window glass, whether flatbed or spread, or otherwise manufactured, and upon all other white glass, and upon all cakes which shall be imported and brought into Great Britain, the sum of one shilling and fourpence for every pound weight, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity; and for and upon all green glass; and for and upon aft bottles and fhfks, whether the same be filled or empty, which will contain the quantity of a quart, respectively, which shall be imported and brpught into Great Britain, the sum of four fhil jings for every dozen; and for and upon all bott es and flasks, whether the same be filled or empty, which will contain morecr Jess than a quart, which shall be imported and brought as afore fail, the sum of four (billings for every dozen quarts, be the quantity of bottlesgreater or lesser; the said several and respective rates and duties to be paid by the importer or importers thereof respectively.

XXV And, in order the better to prevent the clandejiine importation of any foreign glass, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any foreign glass of any kind, liable to the payment of ny customs, fubiid.es, or duties, by any act or acts of parliament, or law whatsoever, so imported as aforesaid, shall be landed or put on shore out of any ship or veiled, or unshipped with intent to be put on (bore, before due entry be made thereof at the customhouse, in the port or place where the same shall be imported, and the respective duty or duties payable for the same Jhajl be paid or secured, or without a warrant for thelandingo;

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 39. 3s3

delivering of the same, first signed by the commissioners, collectors, or other proper officer or officers of the customs respective iy; all such glass as shall be so landed or put on share, or taken out of any ship or vessel, contrary to the intention of this present act, shall be forfeited, or the value thereot, and shall or may be seized or recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof, by any officer or officers of the customs or excifef; and moreover the and LI e matter master, mate, or other person or persons taking the charge or ot the veil!, com/pand of such ship or vessel, and ajl and every other person etc*t0 toncit ' or persons who shall be any ways concerned, or aiding or affiit 100 u ing, in such unfhipping or landing of such glass as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the him of one hundred pounds.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Northeast duties That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand fe n the mate ven hundred and seventy seven, there shall be raised, levied, colos

leed, and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, which shall hereafter be made use of in the making of glass in Great Britain, (over and above all other rates and duties) by any at or acts of parliament (now in force and not hereby repealed) imposed upon or payable for the same, the several and respective additional rates or new duties herein after expressed; that is to say, for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of all plate or flint glass, and of all enamel, stained, or paste glass, and Plate glass of all phial glass, commonly calied, or known by the name of etc. \ Jpothecary or other phials, the sum of eighteen (billings and eight^pence for every hundred weight, and after that rate for a greater or less quantity; and for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of spread window glass, commonly called or known by the name of Broad Glass, a duty Broad glass. of seven (billings for every hundred weight, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity; and for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of all other window glass, (not being spread glass), whether flalhed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the name of Crown Glafsy a duty of fourteen (billings for every hundred Crown glass weight, and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity 5 and for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall hereafter be made use of in the making of glass now called German Sheet Glats% a duty of four German sheet f$cn (billings for every hundred weight, ard after that rate for a gl*f«.

greater

SH Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 39. [1777*

greater or lesser quantity; and for and upon all the materials or metal, or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever they now are, or hereafter may be called or known, that shall Common Bot hereafter be made use of in the making of common bottles, (the ties. lame not being phials), and of vessels made use of in chemical

laboratories, and of garden glalfcs, and of all other vessels or utensils made of common bottle metal, the sum of three (billings and sixpence for every hundred weight, and after that rate fora greater or lesser quantity; the said several and refpe&ivc rates and duties to be paid by the maker or makers thereof respectively. Makers of XXVII And be it Further enacted by the authority aforesaid, gin's to cuter That all and every person or persons, who, frotn and after the said t fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven!.?

!.? bv become a maker or makers of glass, shall make such entry > > t, C and entries, in writing, of their respective names, and of their

rerpeftive furnaces, pots, pot, chambers, warehouses, rooms, and other places, for making or keeping of glass, or of materials < mixed and prepared for making of glass, and give like notice before they use any pot or pots, for the preparing or making of glass, as makers of glass were by the said recited al directed to make , on pain of forfeiting, for every negleet, as by the said recited acl is directed.

Dire ions re XX V 111. And whereas in and by the said recitedacf> it is, amongst

Utjng to make er things, enacted, That alljucb entries, oaths, or affirmations, there ©athlete!’ n rnentiofu'd’> 05 Should be made in all other parts of Great Britain, * * without the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, should be made with

or by the refpcclive collectors or supervisors of the iiftricl or divifm within which the respective makers of glass, Jhculd inhabit: and where as maktrs of glass, or some of the partners, often inhabit out of and at such dijlance from the di/lricl or dizifion wherein such glass was made, as to render it difficult to carry thejaid proviftons into execution; for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such entries, oaths, and affirmations, in and by the said recited act required to be made in all other parts of Great Britain, without the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, shall be made with or by the respective collectors or supervisors of the district or division, within which the respective glasshouses shall be situate, anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, and shall be made without any fee or charge whatsoever to be demanded or taken for the same.

Northeast duties to XXIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, be railed, etc. That the said several duties by this act: imposed within and thoroughly an? on out le ^ of Great Britain, shall be railed, levied, colder such pe lested, and paid, and be subject to be drawn back upon the ex nalties and portation of such glass, (except in such cases where it is otherwise forfeitures, as directed by this present act), in suchlike form and manner, and b^th^alkjve Wlt^ a^owances, and under such penalties and forfeitures, recited act; and according to such rules, methods, and’directions, as are preferihed or appointed for raising, levying, collecting, and paying the several and respective duties upon glass, in and by the said recited act and this act > and all and every the powers, authorities.

385

*777*3 Anno decimo septimo georgh III c.39;

rities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things therein mentioned, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, adjudging, ascertaining, and paying the several and respective rates and duties thereby granted (other than in such cases only for which other penalties Except, etc. are prescribed in and by this present acl) shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, to all intents and purposes, as well as for managing, raising, levying Collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the several rates and duties by this act granted, as fully and effectually as if the said ad, and all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this present act; and all the moneys arising by the several rates Duties g ant and duties by this act granted, (the neceffafy charges of raising, C hy this collecting, and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from [jj^excnequer time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty’s exchequer feparauly? at Westminster, diftincily and apart from all other branches of the public revenue.

XXX And whereas the duties upon glass, granted by the afore red ted act of the nineteenth year of the reign of bislate majesty king George the second, were, together with certain duties upon jpirituous liquors, made a fund for the payment of the several annuities granted by the said act; and by an act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his said late Majesty king George the second, the same were directed to be carried to the sinking fund, after reserving fujficient to aufwer and pay such annuities on lives at the exchequer as were eflablifbed by the aforementioned act of the nineteenth year of his said late Majesty;

be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from 63, 0781. 8s. and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and duties hereb** seventy seven, the yearly sum of sixty three thousand andseventy graced, to be eight pounds, eight (billings, and eight pence, being the amount applied in the of the annual produce into the exchequer of the duties upon same manner glass, hereby repealed, shall, by half yearly sums be reserved *8 t.bc*ormejp and fet apart, at the said receipt of the exchequer, on the fifth dutlm* day of January and the fifth day ot July in every year, out of the duties hereby granted, and shall be applied to the same uses and purposes as the duties hereby repealed were applicable; and the and the refi residue of the produce of the duties hereby granted shall be car due to be carried to and made a part of the fund commonly called The Sinking [inking hind. Fund, towards making good to the same the charge thereupon ® for payment of such annuities as shall or may be charged on the said fund by any act of this session of parliament.

XXXI And whereas, in the manufacturing of all sorts of glass, part of the metal and other materials ujed for making of glass, are left at the bottom of each pot used for preparing and mixing the same, which cannot be conveniently wrought out, and other wajle doth necejfarily happen in the manufacturing of those materials, and the allowances by the J'aid recited act given and provided are not fujficient; it is hereby

further enacted and provided, That in all pots, containing more Allowances to than open hundred weight, used for the preparing and mixing of be made to the

jpetal makers of

386 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 39. [1777. i

glass for metal and other materials for making of flint, enamel, stained

waste. glass, and of all phial glass, an allowance shall be made to

the makers of such glass of one fourth part of the metal oro there materials contained therein, and of one inch deep at the bottom of every such pot; and in small pots, commonly called Pile Ends, which will not contain one hundred weight, and used as aforesaid, an allowance shall be made to such makers of one fifth only of the metal or materials contained therein; and in pots used for the making of crown and plate glass, and of all window glass, whether flaihed or spread, orotherwife manufactured, an allowance shall be made.to such makers of one fourth part of the metal or other materials contained therein, and of four inches deep at the bottom; and in pots used for the making of common bottles (not being phials) and of other vessels or utensils herein before mentioned, to be made of common bottle metal, an allowance shall be made to the makers thereof of one fifth part of the metal or other materials contained therein, and three inches deep at the bottom of every such pot; and the respective commissioners for the inland duties on glass in Great Britain are hereby authorised and required to make the respective allowances herein directed; which allowances are hereby declared to be in full compensation for all waste, damage, or loss whatsoever, except the allowance by the said recited act made and provided where pots used for the preparing and mixing of metal and other materials for making of glass shall crack or break.

gufs makers XXXII And be it further enacted by, the authority aforesaid, may work up That if any maker of glass shall be desirous of manufadturingor (n^he bottom working*up any of the metal or materials that shall be left in the of their pots, bottom of any pot or pots, for which the allowance shall have after having been madeof three inches or four inches at the bottom of such pots given notice refpedtivcly to the maker as aforesaid, into any glass wares whatever, officers^of^cx an re Pace offixhours next before he, (he, or they, b.c..

dfe. gins to work the same, give notice in writing to the officer of ex

> of the division or place where such glass shall be so manufactured

or worked, of his, her, or their intention to manufacture or work the iame, fpccifying in such notice the particular manufacture dr work he intends to make from such bottoms, and from which pot or pots, and the particular time of beginning 10 work the same; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for every such maker of glass to manufacture and work the said bottoms and the metal and materials in the said bottoms shall, in such case, be chargeable and be charged by the officers for the said duties with the duty of eighteen (billings and eight pence for every hundred weight, and foin proportion for every greater or leflir quantity; and in every such case, an allowance shall be made to such makers of glass of one inch, and no more, Penalty on at the bottom of every such pot; anything herein before contained doingit, with to the contrary notwithstanding: and if any maker of glass shall outgiving manufacture or work any part of the metal or materials that proper notice. ]cft at tjje bottom Gf any such pqt or p0ts as aforesaid,

without havipg given such nonce as herein is directed and required,

1777-1 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III c.39. 387

qfcired, such maker of glass shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

XXXIII And whereas same makers of glass, in giving notice under

the directions of the said recited act, have neglected or refufedtofpecify the true kind and weight of the metal or preparation put into each par ticular pot ujed for the making of glass, and have aljo put in metal or materials into the pot or pots after a gauge of the metal therein hath been taken by the officery under pretence that the same were moyles of glass of the present or of same former making, by which means the revenue is greatly defrauded; for remedy whereof, it is hereby enac. (

ted and declared. That every maker of glass shall, in every no tijs'^otice'to tice hereafter to be given, express in writing the particular time be given by and hour when he intends to begin to fill or charge his pot or glass maker pots, and the account of the true weight of the metal or prepa before they ration to be made use of in each particular pot used for the ma p^gethcir king of glass, and the fpeciesand particular kind of glass intend P

ed to be made in each pot: and if any maker of glass shall neg Penalty on lector refuse to give the notice by this present act, and the said neglect. recited act, directed and required, or after such notice given, and a gauge taken by the officer of the metal or preparation in their '

pots shall, without a fresh notice in writing, put into any such pot any metal, material or preparation whatsoever, every such maker ot glass shall, in every such case, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

XXXIV Aridfor the more effectual ascertaining the weight and[pedes of the materials or metal, or other preparations madeufeof in the making of glass, and preventing frauds which may be committed therein, or in relation to such notice and account hereby required to be respectively given, and in order that the same may be properly examined,

be it further enacted bv the authority aforesaid, That it shall and Officers of exmay be lawful to and for the gaugers, or other officers of excise, C e way take to take a sample or samples, not exceeding four ounces in the ueriata whole, out of each of the said pats, or any other thing containing out Of €acb such preparations for making glass as aforesaid, paying for such por, etc. sample or samples (if demanded) the sum of one halfpenny for each ounce; and in case any person or persons shall obstruct or Penalty on, hinder the gaugers, or other officers of excise, in taking such obitruftiog sample or samples, he, (he, or they shall refpedtivcly forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

XXXV And whereas it was further provided by the said a CL That it should be lawful for any perfn or persons who should have actually paid his Majesty's duties by the said act payable for any quantity of glass whatsoever made from any of the materials thereby charged, and to and for any other person or persons, whoffiould buy, or be lawfully entitled to any such quantity of glass from the said person or persons who actually paid his Majestys duties for the same, to export such glass for any foreign parts, by way bf merchandise, upon the terms, and according to the directions, and with such drawback and allowance, as are therein exp re fed: and whereas glass is often exported in such quantities according to the demands of the markets beyond the fas, and the manner hereby prescribedfor obtaining such drawback and allowance is attended

* with difficulty to the exporters, for the encouragement therefore of

the

V

Any pf rfon who has paid the duties granted by this act, and the recited act, tor any quantity of glass, may export the same from any yea port, etc. near the glasshouse,

in the presence of an officer of excise: :

on proving that the duty hath been paid, etc.

the collector shall give a certificate 3

on producing whereof to the officer of excite at the port of exportation, etc.

and on giving security that the whole of. the said glass shall be exported, etc.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 39. [1777.

the glass manufacturers and exporters of glass in Great Britain, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it (halland may be lawful to and for any person or persons, who have actually paid or been charged with his majesty’s duties by this prcfer.t aft, or by the said recited act respectively, payable for any quantity of glass whatsoever, made from any of the materials thereby respectively charged, and to and for any other person or persons who shall buy, or be lawfully in titled to any such quantity of glass, from the said person or persons who actually paid hisma jefty’s duties for the same, to export such glass for any foreign parts, by way of merchandise, in any seaport, or upon any navigable river near to which such glasshouse shall be (ituated, within any of the usual and allowed ports by law established, for and upon account of himself or any other, in the presence of an officer of excise, to be appointed by the respective commissioners of excise in Great Britain, upon twelve hours notice thereof being given to the said officer of excise within the limits whereof the said glass shall be exported (who is hereby empowered and required to see the faidglafs weighed); and proof being madeupon oath, or by affirmation, in case the person be a known quaker, by the clerk or chief manager of the respective glasshouse where such glass was made that the duty of such glass hath been respectively paid or charged according to the directions of this present or the said recited act, expressing the quantity and weight of such glass; and also like oath or affirmation by such clerk or chief manager, or of one or more person or persons having knowledge of the packing and intended exportation thereof, 'expressing the quality ana weight of such glass, and that no broken nor waste glass hath been packed with, nor is included in, any box, grate, or other package containing the said glass, and that the same glass is to be really and truly exported beyond the seas as merchandise; and thereupon the collector for the said duties upon glass, or such other person or persons as shall be deputed by the said respective commissioners of excise to aft in his absence, shall give to such person or persons gratis a certificateor certificates, expressing the qualities and weight of such glass, and that the duties are paid, or charged for the same as aforesaid; which certificate being produced to the officer of excise at the port where the said glass shall be exported, and oath or affirmation as aforesaid being made by the exporter, or his clerk or chief manager, before the officer of excise of the said port (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same without any fee or charge) that the said glass so exported is the same mentioned and described in the said certificate, and fufficieftt security being given before the shipping thereof for exportation, to be approved of by the said respective commissioners of excise, or the person or persons to be respectively appointed by them for that purpose, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back, that the particular glass which shall be intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and that the same, or any part thereof, fha’i not be relanded or brought again into any part or parts of Great Britain;

which

1777*3 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 39. 389

which security the officer of excise of the said port where such glass shall be exported is hereby directed and authorised to take, in his majesty’s name, and to his use' ' of the security directed by the said recited act to be taken by the customer or collector of the respective port for such exportation; and then the said officer of excise of the said port where such glass shall be exported, shall give a certificate under his hand, expressing, the quality and true weight of the glass so exported, and that the same was shipped in his presence, and that sufficient security has been given for the due exporting thereof; which certificate being produced to the collector appointed to receive the said duties upon glass, or such collector of the port where the said glass was exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow to the persons or agents so exporting the same a drawback or a drawback allowance of eighteen (billings and eight pence per hundred thall be paid, weight for all plate, flint, enamel, (tained, or paste glass, and for all phial glass, made in Great Britain; and seven (billings per hundred weight for all spread window glass made in Great bri tan; and fourteen (billings per hundred weight for all other window glass (not being spread glass) whether flashed of otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the name of crown glass, made in Great Britain, and fourteen (billings per hundred weight for all glass called German Sheet Glass, made in Great Britain 5 and three (billings and fixpcnce per hundred weight for all common bottles, not being phials, and for all o there vessels or utensils made of common bottle metal made in Great Britain 5 and after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity: and if such collector shall not have money in his hands to pay the same, then the said respective commissioners of excise in Great Britain are required to pay the said certificate or certificates out of the duties upon glass, arising by this or the said recited act.

XXXVI And whereas it frequently happens that the collectors of the duties, under the management of the commijjioners of excise, who are by law requiredand empowered to adminiflerthe oath or affirmation, and thereupon to give certificates that fych duties have been duly paid or fecuredy are frequently absent from home in the execution of other parts of their dutyy whereby the exportation of such wares or merchandise may be greatly delayed; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for such perfort or commission persons as shall be appointed by the commissioners of excise in ers of excise Great Britain respectively for the time being, or the major part to appoint of theiri, within their several districts, to administer such oath or rotnutevoaths* affirmation, in the absence of the respective collectors, to the per in the absence fons so applying for the same, in order to export such wares and of coue&ori, merchandizes as aforesaid, and to give gratis to such persons such certificate or certificates as required by the several acts whereby such duties are respectively charged upon such wares or merchandizes, in the same manner as the collectors of excile are by law required and empowered to do.

X xxvil’and whereas frauds have been committed by relanding or unfbipping ofglafi% after being entered and slipped for exportation, and Q alf$

alty on udulently anding, ctc fs shipped exporta i

enter ng ken or tie glass.

glass ma rete. to

Anno decimo septimo Georgii II c.39. (1777.'

clfo by entering broken glass or wajle glass for exportation, in order to obtain the drawback or allowance for the same * at if it was glass exported for merchandise, which was the true intent and meaning of the said recited atl \ now the better to prevent liich abuses, be it further enacted and declared by the authority fforesaid, That if, after the shipping of any glass to be exported purfdant to this present act, in order to obtain the respective allowances or drawbacks therein mentioned, the glass so shipped to be exported, or any part thereof, shall be fraudulently unihipped, unladled, relanded, or put into any other ship, vessel, or boat, within the kingdom of Great Britain, that then, and in every such case, over and above all other penalties and forfeitures, the exporter or exporters of such glass, and all and every person and persons who shall be any ways concerned, or aiding or assisting, in fraudulently un(hipping, unlacting, relanding, or putting into any other ship, veffej, or boat, any part of the said glass, in any part of Great Britain, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lofethc sum of one hundred pounds $ and every person and persons who shall knowingly enter, or cause or suffer to be entered, any broken or wade glass for exportation, with intent that any drawback or allowance (hold be obtained, shall, over and above all other penalties and forfeitures, for every such offence, also forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXVIII nd be it further enacted bythe authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever, being a maker of glass, or whoisor

as a justice shall beany way interested in, or concerned in, the trade or bufi y matter nck main or, n any glass*house or glasshouses already ting toiht or hereafter to be setup, shall, during such time as he shall be so ties on concerned or interested in such glats manufacture, trade, bufi

nefs, or glasshouse as aforesaid, or in any of the said trades or

bufinestes, be capable, or have any power to ac1 as a justice of the peace in any matter or thing whatsoever which shall any ways concern the execution of the powers of authorities given or granted by this present actor any other aof parliament relating to the duty or duties imposed upon glass, or upon the materials for making of glass;; in calc any such person or persons shall contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof presume to execute any such powers or authorities, it is hereby enaefted and delcared. That all and every such ad so done by such person or persons shall be null and void to ail intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXXIX And whereas there m y have been contracts or bargains made for the pur chase and foie C homemade glass and bottles, to be delivered and received at future times after the said fifth day of July, one thousandfeven hundred arjseventy seven;; contract sandbargainss

H cont 6k ^ r£afon of the duties on glass and glass bottles hereby impefed, can home nct be complied with by the Jellers without great loss and damage; be it ade glass or therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all contracts fs bottles, or bargains made, or to be made, before the said fifth day of lc^onli July, one thousand seven hundred and ftventy seven, for rhe d before°r" Purchase and sale of homemade glass or glass bottles, to be defy 5* 1777$ iivered and received at any future time or times, which shall not be void, be

1777-] Anno decimo septimo Georg n III C 39. 391

be performed and complied with on or before the said fifth day of Julyy one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, null and void, and of no efsect; andin case any futn or sums of money shall have been advanced and all money and paid by any purchaser or purchasers for or on account of any advanced on homemade glass or glass bottles, which shall not be delivered on account of or before the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred jrafts^to be and seventy seven, all such sums of money shall be forthwith re repaid with paid to the person or persons who shall have advanced and paid interest. the same, together with legal interest for the same, from the time and times that such sum or sums of money shall have been respectively advanced and paid.

XL And it is hereby enacted, That if any maker of glass, or Penalty on any other person or persons, shall obstruct or hinder any of the persons ob said officers in the execution of any of the powers given him or cerhn ?he" them by this act for ascertaining and Securing the said duties execution of upon glass, the person or persons so offending therein shall, for e this act. very such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XLI And be it further enacted and declared by the authority Penalties and aforesaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act forfeitures imposed, (halj be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by howto be re such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeit ™![ed.a0 ure is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, orby this act, or by aftionof debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty’s courts of record at ivejlminjler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and that one moiety of every such fine, plenalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or theqi who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XLII And whereas it has been found by experience, that the rates and duties artfing by an act, made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty Several rates and duties, payable by all personsand bodies politic orcorporatehavingcertainquanthies of silver plate, are very vexathus and troublesome in the levying and colie fling the same, and of small advantage to the public k; be it therefore en aft ed by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after Aft 19 Geo II the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy ^orgrantir\g seven, the several annual rates and duties charged by the said rees” tp ^ cited aft shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or pay pealed. * Able; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the powers and r authorities given and granted, and the rules and regulations established and prescribed by the said recited act, or by any other aft or acts of parliament for or in relation to the managing, Securing, afcer|aining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying the said rates and duties, and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, shall also cease, determine, and be no longer put. in execution; save only and except in all cases relating to the recovering any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said rates and duties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon or at any timebefoie the said fifth Vol. XXXI E e day

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III c.40. [1777.

day of July, one thousand seven hundred j nd seventy seven; anything herein before contained to the con rary notwithstanding. fons fucd XLIII And beit further enacted by the ai ithorityaforesaid, That

cxecutiryg if any person or persons shall, at anytime Dr times, besued, mo «^emay lested, or prosecuted, for anything by hie 1 or them done or ex eral issue ccute^ n pursuance of this act, 01 of any lause, matter, or thing * herein contained, such person or persons I hall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter n evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendjnts, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

recover ble coils.

CAP. XL

An act to anther ife the carrying of the captures therein mentioned inti any part of his Majesty's dominions in North America; and for efeertaining the value of such part ofjhips and goods as belong a the recaptors.

ramble.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the ftxteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act to prohibit

i6geo. 3. all trade and intercourse with the colonies of New Hampjbirt,

Majfachvfet's Bay, Rhode Istand, Connecticut, New York, New jersey, Pensylvania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Morj* land, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the present rebellion within the said colonies respectively; for repealing an ad, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the landing anidif charging, lading or Jhipping, of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town and within the harbour of Boston, in the province of massa chufet’s Bay; and also two acts, made in the last session of parliament, for restraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant pardons, to issue proclamations, in the cases, and for the purposes therein mentioned;) it was (amongjl other things) provm and enabled, That no captures which Should be taken by virtue of the said a ft, Should be carried into any of the colonies or plantations in America, therein before particularly mentioned, during and so long time os such colonies or plantations respectively Should continue in a state of rebeilion:

and whereas many such captures have been, finee the paffwgtf the said act, carried into the port and harbour of New York, and it

may be expedient to allow that such captures Should be carried into the said port and harbour, or into any other port, harbour, or place, in his Majesty's dominions aforesaid, provided the same be dine with the consent, licence, and warrant, of the said person or persons, appointed ani authorised by his Majcjiyto grant a pardon or pardons to any number or description of pcr]'ons\ be it therefore enacted by the king’s moll excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament #. assembled, and by the authority of the same. That it shall and

vrto may fr perf°n or persons, appointed and autbo

i«it part: \zqd by his Majesty to grant pardons, as aforesaid, and they, or F cither

By perfoi

II Anno decimo septimo Georgii III c.40. 393

cither or any of them, are hereby empowered to grant his or dons, etc. mar their licence or warrant, authorising any captor or captors, or grant a licence any other person or persons whatsoever in their behalf, to carry any such captures into any port, harbour, or place, in any of any port in his majesty’s dominions aforesaid j anything in the said at con America, tained to the contrary notwithstanding *

And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all All captures such captures which have been already carried into the said Port carried and harbour of New York, or which, before the first day of, nto the har August, one thoufmd seven hundred and seventy seven, shall be bour of New carried in there, or into any of his majesty’s dominions, with orb such licence and warrant aforesaid, shall be deemed to have^ore^l, j, je, » been lawfully carried into such port or harbour; and after con carried Into demnation as lawful prize, the same shall and may, with the any of his like licence and warrant, be exported from thence, and brought majesty’s do and imported into this kingdom, or any other of his majesty’s dominions, upon payment of the same customs and duties, and at0relaid, shall subject to the same restrictions and regulations in .all other re be deemed to fpects, as the same now are subject to by the said recited a; havebeenlaw anything therein to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. facte**” **

III And whereas, fence the paying of the said act, several Jbips * and veffe\s, with their cargoes, which had been taken by the inhabit

tants of same of bis Majefeys rebellious colonies or plantations in taken America, and were afterwards retaken, have been condemned in the from, lls ma courts of admiralty or vice admiralty in the West Indies, and in jelly i'ubje&s America, and afterwards sold, in order to afeertain one eigb h part aoc in r*bci‘ of the value of fetch Jbips, vessels, and cargoes, to which the recaptors ^ch^hall be are entitled by virtue of the said act; by means whereof the original reuken, ownerj, and others interejled therein, have been greatly damnified: for remedy whereof be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid. That when any ship, vessel, or boat, taken by virtue of the said actor any goods therein, shall appear and be proved, in any courts of admiralty or vice admiralty aforesaid, to have belonged to any of his majesty’s subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the dominions and territories remaining and continuing in their allegiance to the King, and under his majesty’s protection, and to have been taken or surprised by any of theinhabitants of his majesty’s rebellious colonies or plantations therein before mentioned, and to be in the possession or power of such unlawful captor at the time of such retaking \ then, and in such case, such ships, vessels, boats, and goods, belonging to such his majesty’s subjects remaining and continuing under his protection and obedience, as aforesaid, shall in all cases be ?dhall be reftor judged to be restored, and shall be, by decree of the said vice cdtothcown admiralty court, accordingly restored to such owner or owners, cr#* he or they paying one eighth of the value thereof to the recap on paying tors, or giving good and sufficient security, to the l*atisfa<tion of the recaprors, to pay one eighth of the true value of such Jticreot.0 ship and goods so retaken, for and in lieu of salvage: and for ascertaining such one eighth part, where it shall be judged necessary by the owner or owners of such vessel or boat, or the goods therein (9 retaken as aforesaid, to be reipoved into any

E C 4

other

ooo

394 Anno decimo septimo Ghorgii III C 41. [1777*

other port or place in order to be sold or disposed of, the judge of the vice admiralty court, in which the said ship and goods Veto Is, etc to shall be decreed to be restored, shall forthwith cause the same to be appraised ^ by persons to be named by the claimant and recaptors; or if they do not agree, to be appointed by the court, and sworn truly to appraise the same according to the bed of but not sold their (kill and knowledge; and that no ship, vessel, or boat, or without the goods, wares, and merchandizes laden therein, so retaken as owners thc aforesaid, shall be sold or disposed of for the purpose of paying * any such salvage or eighth part, or on any other account what excent, etc. soever, unless by the consent of the owners; except in cases

where there shall be no claim for such retaken ships, vessels, boats, or goods; in which case the judge of the said vice admiralty court shall order as much of the cargo, after having been appraised as aforesaid, to be sold, as will be sufficient to pay the recaptors the one eighth of the value of the ship and cargo, and the expenses of the appraisement and sale; and if the cargo be not sufficient for that purpose, then the ship or vessel to be jike wise sold, and the remainder, after paying the said salvage, to be deposited in the registry of such vice admiralty court, for thc benefit of the owners who shall thereafter apply for and claim the same; and except also in such cases where any part of the cargo shall appear to be in a periling condition; in which case the said judge shall direst the sale of such perithing part, for the benefit of the person concerned therein.

CAP. XL

An at to prevent the clandefine un/hipping from and receiving goois at sea on board vejfeh employed in the east-india company s service for of attaining the manner of discharging bonds given for the dut exportation of certain goods from Great Britain to foreign parts \ and to oblige the masters of British or Irish Ships, Gaoling from anj of his Majesty's dominions into the Baltic, to deliver a manifejh of their cargoes to the British consul residing there.

Preamble.

WHEREAS /fo laws heretofore made to prevent the clanie* fine running of goods from onboard Ships employed in the fir, vice of the east-india company on their homeward voyages, and the receiving of goods on board such Ships at sea on their outward voyages from this kingdom, are infuffeient to answer those purposes, it having been found by experience that very large quantities of muf ins, teas, and other goods, are unjhipped from on boprd such Ships into vejfeh that meet them at sea on their voyages homeward, which goods are afterwards run on Shore on the coal of this kingdom without payment of duties; and also that large quantities of wine, brandy, and other goods, arc clandefinely laden and put on board Ships employed in the said company's Jervice on their outward bound voyages at sea, from vejfeh that wait hovering for them upon the coaf of this kingdom, laden with such goods from foreign parts; to the great loss of the pub lick revenue, the detriment of the east-india company, and the prejudice of the fair traders. : for remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enaefted bv the King's most excellent majesty, by and with thc advice and consent of

1777-1 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 41. 395

the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. That, Penalty on from and after the twenty-fourth day of Juney one thousand seven unfhipping hundred and seventy seven, if any muftin, tea, or other goods, **fca wares, or merchandizes whatsoever, shall be un(hipped at sea, homewyrd ?nd taken out of any ship or vessel employed in the service of bound veflvl the said East India company, on her voyage homeward to this employed by kingdom, at any distance from the coasts thereof (unless in case of apparent necessity, or some other lawful reason, of which the any'dhtance matter, commander, or other person having charge of such ship from the or vessel, shall give immediate notice to, and make proof of be coasts of this sore, the collector and comptroller, or the chief officer or officers f

of the customs, at the first port of this kingdom where he shall of necessity *) all such muslin, tea, or other goods, wares, and mer etc.) chandizes, and every ship, vessel, or boat, into which the same shall be unihipped and taken, or which shall used in the removing, carrying, or conveying the same, shall be forfeited and lost; and the master, commander, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel from which such goods shall be so unftiipped and taken', knowingly permitting or suffering such goods to be (b unihipped and taken out of such ship or vessel, and every. other person who shall be aiding, assisting, or otherwise concerned in the unfhipping or receiving of such goods, shall forfeit treble the value thereof.

II And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore or on putting

said. That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, any

if any wine, brandy, or other goods whatsoever, shall be laden outward

or put on board any ship or vessel, employed in the service of bound, after the said East India company, at sea, at any distance from the (he has left the coasts of this kingdom, after such ship or vessel hath been cleared p°rt f Lon* outwards, and departed from the port of Londonon her outward w^e2brandy bound voyage (excepting such provisions and stores as shall be etc. * *

necessary for the use and fufinance of the persons on board such f

ship or vessel during the voyage) all such wine, brandy, and ^ th°r 1 * other goods, and every ship, vessel, or boat, out of and from persons on which such wine, brandy, or other goods, shall be so unladen, board during shall be forfeited and lost; and the master, commander, or other the voya&e* person having the charge of such East India ship, knowingly permitting or ruffering any such goods to be so taken on board such ship, and every other person who shall be aiding, assisting, or otherwise concerned in the unfhipping or receiving of the said goods, shall forfeit treble the value thereof.

III And be it further ena6ted by the authority aforesaid. That Penalties and all penalties and forfeitures, as well specific as pecuniary, by forfeitures this act imposed, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered andc* covered, in any of his majesty’s courts of record at ivejiminjler, appi^d.

by action, bill, plaint, or information, in the name ot his ma jefty’s attorney-general, or in the name of some officer or officers of the customs, by the same rules, methods, ways, and means, as other penalties and forfeitures induced for offences against the laws for securing the revenue of customs are and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered; and that one third part of - E e 3 all

396

After Sept *9, 1777, no bond which fltall be given tor the exportation of prohibited good, or goods entitled to a drawback, shall be discharged, until proper certificates ihali be produced of the exportation and landing thereof.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 41. [1777,

all such penalties and forfeitures shall be to the use of his ma jefty, his heirs and successors, one other third part thereof to the uie of the said united company, and the remaining third part thereof to the officer or officers of the customs who shall inform and prosecute for the same.

IV And whereas the provisions made by law for the dijcharging bonds, entered Into for the due exportation of goods which are prohibited to be worn or used in this kingdom, or which are entitled to & drawback, bounty, or premium upon exportation into foreign parts, have been found insufficient to answer the purposes intended, three being great reason to believe the certificates of such goods being landed abroad have, in many cases, been fraudulently obtained, notwithjland ing the goods have been relanded in Great Britain, contrary to the condition of such bonds; for remedy whereof be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, no bond, which shall be given in pursuance of any ad or acts of parliament for the due and regular exportation of any gopds, which now are or hereafter may be prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, or which now are or hereafter may be entitled to any drawback, bounty, or premium, payable out of any money arising by the revenue of customs upon exportation from this kingdom into foreign parts, shall be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until certificates shall be produced of the exportation to and landing such goods at the pons and places mentioned in such bonds, or until proof be made upon oath in relation thereto, in such manner and form as is hereinafter directed; that is to say; in case any such goods shall be entered for exportation to Ireland, theiflandsof Guirnfey, Jerfej, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or his Majesty's colonies or plantations jn America, a certificate (hill be produced under the hand and seal of the collector and comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs where such goods shall be landed, testifying the landing thereof, and deferibing the number of the calks, cherts, or other package containing the same, and the particular marks of such casks, chests, or package; and the condition of all such bonds to be given for the exportation of such goods to Ireland, or the islands of Guernjey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, shall be to produce such certificate within six calendar months from the date of such bond, the danger of the seas and enemies excepted; and the condition of all such bonds to be given fortbc exportation of any such goods to the British colonies or plantations in America, shall be to produce such certificate in eighteen calendar months from the date of such bond, the dangers of the seas and enemies excepted : and in case any such goods shall be entered for exportation to any other part of Europe, such bond shall not be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until a like certificate shall be produced, under the hand and seal of the British consul, or other person acting as such, who shall be refluent at the port or place where such goods shall be landed; or if there be no such British consul, or person adtingas such, refilling there, then under the hand and common seal of the chief

magi

1777*] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 41.

magistrate for such port or place; and the condition of fuel jaft mentioned bonds shall be to produce such certificate in fifteen calendar months from the date of such bonds, the danger of the seas and enemies excepted: and if any such goods shall be entered for exportation to any place within the limits of the Eqft India company’s charter, such bonds shall not be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until a like certificate shall be produced, under the hands and seals of the governor and council at and for the place where such goods shall be landed; and the condition of all such bonds shall be to produce such certificates within thirty calendar months from the date of such bonds, the danger of the seas and enemies excepted : and in case any such goods shall be entered for exportation to any parts beyond the seas in Africa, such bonds shall not be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until a like certificate shall be produced, under the hand and seal of the collector or other chief officer of the customs, if any such officer shall be established at the place where such goods shall be landed; and if no such officer shall be established there, then and in that case not until a like certificate shall be produced, under the hand and seal of the British consul, or other person acting as such,, the place where such goods shall be landed; and the condition of all such bonds as shall be given for the exportation of such goods to any part of Africa, where any officer of the customs shall or may be established, or where any British consul, or person acting as such, may be resident, shall be to produce such respective certificates within eighteen calendar months from the date of such bonds: and if such goods shall be entered for exportation to or landed at any part of Africa, where no officer of the customs (half be established, or no British consul, or person acting as such, shall be resident, then and in that case such bonds shall not be delivered up, cancelled, or discharged, until proof is made by the oath of the master and mate, or other person having the charge of the ship or vessel during the voyage in which such goods were exported, that the (hid goods, and every part thereof, were fairly landed or disposed of in or on some part of the coast of Africa, and had not been relandcd in Great Britain, Ireland, or the ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro; and by the oath of the merchant exporter, if living, that, to the best of his, her, or their knowledge and belief, the said goods had been landed or disposed of at the place or places mentioned in the oath made by the master and mate, or other person taking the charge of the ship or vessel during the voyage, and have not been brought back again or relanded in any part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro \ which oaths shall be made within eighteen calendar months from the date of each respective bond, before the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs for the port where such bond was given, who are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to administer the same: and in case no such certificates shall be respectively produced, or proof made as aforesaid, within the respective times herein before

E C 4

mentioned

Commanders of Britifti or Irifti vessels, within 10 days after

39s Anno decimo Teptimo Georgii III C 42. [1777-

mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the commhboners of his majesty’s customs in England or Scotland, or arty three or more of them respectively, to cause such bonds to be put in ' suit, unless they shall find Sufficient cause to forbear the same,

any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V And it is hereby further erratfted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, where any briti/b or lrifl) ship or vessel shall sail from Great Britain or irt arrival at any, land, or any other part of his majesty’s dominions, to any port port in the or pacem the Balticl, where any consul now is or hereafter may abritilhcon * be appointed for his majesty’s fubjedfs trading thither, the full retides, master, commander, or other person having the charge of such shall deliver to ship or vessel, shall, within ten days after the arrival of such ship him, in writ or v*ftel at such port or place, deliver to the said consul residing cufars of their *^erc* or *9 such other person or persons as shall be appointed cargo, etc. for that purpose by him, a true manifest in writing, upon oath, specifying the particulars of the whole cargo of such Ihrpor vessel, with the marks and numbers of the package containing the same, if unloaded or delivered there, or of such part thereof as shall be so unloaded or delivered there, and to whom consigned; which oath such consul, or other person or persons to be appointed by him, is and are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer gratis; and in case any master, commander, or other person having the charge of any such ship or vessel, shall negletft or refuse to deliver such manifest in the manner herein directed, such consul, or other person or persons appointed by him, shall, and they are hereby refpeeftively aurhorifed and required to detain the clearance outwards of such ship or vessel, and not to give or deliver any dispatch, passport, or bill of health, for any such ship or vessel. pefendants, in ^ VI And be it further eha<fted by the authority aforesaid, That 5ng to this act, ^ any a<^on or suit commenced against any person or

may plead theperf°ns fr anything done in pursuance of this athe defen general issue, dant or defendants in such aeftion or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: : if it shall appear foto have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant and defendants $ and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, ordifeon tinue his aeftion after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given, upon any verditftor demurrer, against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have; the like remedy for the same as defendants have in other cases by law.

CAP. XLII

An act for preventing abufesin the mating and vending brich

and tiles.

Preamble. W H ER E made for regulating the itt

f menftom of bruts for ale, and for fixing the lengths, breadths,

'end

and recover treble colls.

S

1777*1 Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii III c.42. 399

and thickneffes of pantiles, have expired, f Arr* IV at present no

provision made by any law for that purpose: and whereas many inconveniences have arisen to the public by frauds committed in lejfening the size of bricks under their usual proportion without any diminution of price: for remedy whereof and for the common good and benefit of your Majesty's fubjefis, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enatfted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from After July 1, and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and i777»aH brick seventy seven, all bricks which shall be made or burnt for falc in any part of England, shall, when burnt, be not less than eight |*nbe gals inches and an half long, 'and not less than two inches and an inches long, half thick, and not less than four inches wide; and that all pan * thick, tiles which shall, from and after the said first day of July, one and * Wide thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, be made for sale in ad all pan any part of England, shall, when burnt, be not less than their inches bng* teen inches and an half long, and not less than nine inches and 9 f_half wide, an half wide, and not less than half an inch thick., and half an

. II And be it further enacted. That all and every person and inch thick, persons who, at any time or times from and after the said first Penalty on dayt)f Julyy one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, making bricks shall make any bricks or pantiles for sale, which, when burnt, or tiles of left shall be of less dimensions in length, breadth, or thickness, than dmi*n 0d, # the same are herein before prescribed to be, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty (billings for every thousand of bricks, and the sum of ten (billings for every thousand of pantiles, and ' -

so proportionably for a greater or lesser number of bricks or pantiles that shall be so made for sale, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act.

III And be it further enacted. That the size of the sieve or Mafliesof fereens for sifting or fereening sea coal ashes to be mixed with

brick earth in the making of bricks, shall not exceed one quarter ™an a quarter of an inch between the mashes of such sieve or Screen. of an inch

IV And, for preventing all combinations amongtl any brick makers asunder.

or tile makers) in order to advance or inhance the price of bricks or ah contracts

tiles, be it further enacted, That all and every contradf or con for ingrofllng

tracts, covenant or covenants, agreement or agreements, whe J Wricks and

there the same be in writing or not, heretofore made or entered

into, or hereafter to be made or entered into, by or between any frcje fas

brick maker or tile maker, or any other persons whatsoever thereof, etc.

concerned or interested, or to be concerned or interested, in the foall he void.

making of any bricks or tiles for sale, for ingrofllng of bricks

and tiles, or for restraining or hindering any person or persons

whomsoever, from freely selling the same, or for limiting or

fixing any certain price or prices, under which the same shall

not be sold, shall be and are hereby declared to be illegal, null,

and void, to all intents and purposes: and if any brick make phy

or tile maker, or other person concerned or interested, or to be

concerned or interested, in the making of bricks or tiles for sale, juiyi, ^*/,

shall shall enter in

Die jed by

400 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III 0.42, [1777.

to, signor shall at any time after the said first day of July, one thousand Comintern, seven hundred and seventy seven, keep up, continue, a in, tia6t.uc c°n" make enter into, sign, seat, or be knowingly interested or concerned in any such contract, covenant, or agreement, hereinbefore declared to be illegal, null, and void, or shall knowingly act or officiate therein as clerk, agent, or servant, to or for any person so contracting, agreeing, or acting, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, every person so offending fhafl forfeit and pay in. manner following; (that is to say,) every brick maker or tile maker, or other person concerned or interested in making bricks or tiles for sale, the sum of twenty pounds; and every clerk, agent, or servant, the sum of ten pounds; one moiety of which penalties shall go and be applied to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed, and the other moiety to such person or persons as shall sue for the same, within six calendar months next after the said offence ' shall have been committed; to be recovered, with full cods of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty’s courts of record at ivejlminjler, wherein no effoin,

- wager of law, or protection, shall be allowed, or more than one

imparlance given.

Penalties and V And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first foi feitures day of Jufy% one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, all niay be levied penalties and forfeitures inflicted or authorised to be imposed, by diitrcfsj the manner of levying of which harl not been otherwise provided for, shall and may, upon proof of the offences respectively, and conviction before any justice of the peace of the county, riding, division, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, be levied by did refs and falc of the goods and chattels of the party or parties offending, by warrant or warrants under ' the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus, if any,

after deduding the said penalties and foi feitures, and the charges of such distress and falc, to the owner or owners of fqch goods and chattels; and such justice is hereby authorised and impow ered to hear and determine the same, either by confession of the party or parties, or by the oath of one credible witness, and is also authorised and required to grant such warrant for the purposes aforesaid, and to administer such oath gratis; and all such penalties and forfeitures shall from time to time be paid, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where such offender or offenders shall live; or in case sufficient distress shall not be found, or such penalties and forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol, or house of correction, for the county, riding, division, or place where the matter shall arise, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding two calendar months, unless such penalties and forfeitures, and all reasonable charges, shall be sooner paid.

VI And be it further enacted. That all and every justice qr

juflictf

and shall he paid, half to the informer, and halt to the poor of the parish.

On failure of d lit refs, offender to be committed.

How justices to proceed tor

1777-3 Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii III C 42. 401

justices of the peace, before whom any person or persons shall be convi&ionof convicted of any offence against: this act, shall and may cause offenders, the conviction to be drawn up in the following form of words, or in any form of words to the same efsect, as the case may be videlicet:

BE it remembered, That on the day of form of con

iu the year of our Lord viftion.

A. B. is convitted before me C D. one of his Majefys justices of the peace for the county ox place, (as the case may be;) [specifying the offence, time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be. J

Given under my hand and seal, the day and year aforesaid.

VII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no information penalty inflicted by this act, in respect of the dimensions of to be laid bricks or tiles, shall be recovered, unless the information shall within a be laid within the space of one calendar month next after the ddlve sale or delivery of such bricks or tiles, nor shall any person bery# ctc, liable to more than one penalty for any one offence.

VIII And be it further enacted. That if any person or per Persons ag fons shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by anything grieved may done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may, app»l to the within the space of four calendar months after the cause f 2pn[tcr feu complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the justices of the peace * at any general quarter sessions of the peace, for the county, : riding, division, or place, wherein the cause of complaint shall arise, such appellant giving, or causing to be given, twenty-one entire days notice, at the least, in writing, of his, her, or their n ghring it intention to bring such appeal, and of the cause or matter there dayanotice, of, to the person or persons whose acts are complained against; and within eight days after such notice, entering into a recognisance before some such justice as aforesaid, with two sufficient' ' conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the order of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justice at such quarter sections; and the said justices, upon due proof of the notice so given, and of the recognisance so taken, shall proceed to hear and determine the caufesand matters of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the party appealing or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper, and the deter determinati tnination of such quarter sections shall be binding and conclufiveon of the fef« to all intents and purposes; and no order made, concerning any ^onstobc of the matters aforesaid, or any other proceedings, to be hadfana touching the conviction of any offender against this act, shall be quashed for want of form, or be removed by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his majesty’s courts of record at westminster.

Preamble.

Aft i Car recited.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 43. [1777.

CAP. XLIII

An dh for repealing the eleventh rule in the boek of rates, Jo far at the same relates to making any allowance upon the importation cf damaged currants and raisins, and for making the importer cf such goods an abatement in the duties in lieu thereof; and for explaining the Afaid rule with respect to such allowance for damage on other goods; and to permit the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West 'Indies, for a limited time.

WHEREAS by the eleventh rule in the book of rates, annexed and referred to by an act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majfly King Ovaries the Second, (entitled, A subsidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other sums of money payable upon merchandise exported and imported) which has been continued by several subsequent acts of parliament, and is now in forte, excepting such alterations os have been since made with respect to wines and tobacco, it is provided, That if any tobacco, or other goods or merchandise, brought into this kingdom, ball receive any damage by salt water, or otherwise, so tbit the owner thereof hall be prejudiced in the sale of such goods, the principal officers of the custom house, or any two of them, whereof the collefior for the time being to be one, Shall have power to choose two indifferent merchants, experienced in the value of such goods, who, upon vift ting the said goods, Shall certify and declare, upon their corporal oaths first adminijlered by the said officers, what damage such goods have received, and are lessened in their true value and according to such damage, in relation to the rates seton them in the said book of rates, the said officers are to make a proportionable abatement, unto the merchant or owner, cf the subsidy due for the same: and whereat frequent disputes do arise between the officers of the cufioms and that merchants in adjujling the allowances which currants and raisins may deserve and be entitled to, it having been found by experience extremely difficult to dijlinguifb what damage such goods have received by unavoidable aaident in the course of the voyage, from the natural and consequential decay some of these articles are particularly liable to from heating, if of an inferior quality, or packed in bad condition before they are stopped in foreign parts, which has put the merchants, trading in these commodities at different ports in this kingdom, upon a very unequal footing, and been very prejudicial to the publici revenue: now, for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king’s most excellent niajefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiri tuar and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament After June *4, assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and rufe7inti|he, Ith aler ^wenty tourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, the said eleventh rule, annexed to the said book of rates, sofar as the same relates to currants and raisins, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, made void, and shall no longer be put in practice; anything in the said act of tonnage and poundage, or in any other aft or acts of parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

book of rates, sofar as it re lates to currants anti rai (ins, shall be repea.cd.

1777*1 Anno decimo septimogeorgh ITI. c.43. 403

II And whereas it may be nafonable to make the merchants im Certain deporting such goods a certain compensation for the allowance they would ^

be entitled to out of the several duties, in proportion to the different jjlnjes payable damage such goods may be liable to whereby the revenue may be colon the impor ledled with greater certainty, and not so liable to abuse, be it farther tation of cur enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the ra.lits ami said twenty-fourth day of June it shall and may be lawful fof raims‘

the proper officers of the customs, at the several ports in this kingdom, to make the following abatement or deduction, from the net amount of the duties payable upon the importation of the several goods herein after expressed, to the merchant or merchants importing the same; that is to say, for currants, eight pounds per centum; for raisins solis, one pound centum; for Smyrna raisins, six pounds per centum; for Lipari Faro, Belvidere, and great of Ltxia raisins, ten pounds per centum; and for Denia raisins, twenty pounds per centum 5 which said several abatements shall be deemed and taken to be in lieu of all former allowances such goods were respectively entitled to in consideration of any damage whatsoever $ law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore No ^bateroent said. That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, t{je dues oil” one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, no abatement any other

or allowance shall be made in the duties for any other goods goodi, by vir whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuance of the said eleventh rule din

the book of rates herein before recited, for or on account of lef* the impor any damage such goods may have received, unless the importer ter shall prove or owner of such goods shall prove, to the satisfaction of the they are da commissioners of his majesty’s customs at London or Edinburgh jp*gcd respectively, or to the collector and comptroller of the customs e°™cacci Cn * at the out ports of this kingdom where such goods may be imported, that such goods are damaged, and are lessened in their true value, by means of some unavoidable accident which happened to them during the course pf the voyage, after such goods' were shipped and laden in foreign parts on board such ship or vessel importing the same, and before such goods were landed m this kingdom; anything in the said rule, or any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV And whereas, by an act. of parliament, made in the thirteenth An act of 15 and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, inti & 14 Car. *. tuled, An act against exporting of sheep, wool, wool fells, mort rcs, tcd‘ lings, fhortlings, yarn made of wool, wool flocks, fullers earth, * fullingclay, and tobacco pipe clay,) and by several other a 61 s of parliament which are now in force, the exportation of tobacco pipe

clay from this kingdom into foreign parts is prohibited: and whereas

tobacco pipe clay is absolutely necessary and useful in the cleaning and

improving of powdered sugars, and is at this time very much wanted

for that purpose in the British sugar colonies and plantations in the

West Indies, and it is expedient to permit the exportation thereof to

the said colonies for a limited time; be it therefore enacted by the

authority aforesaid, That, fi-om and after the twenty-fourth, day From June, *»

of‘777, to June

404

*4 « * 779> tobacco pipe clay may be „ exported to the Btitilh fu

colonie

m rhe Welt Indies.

Preamble.

a&sai geo.i. further continued for four years.

Anno decimo leptinio creorgti III C 44. [1777.

of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to export, from any port in this kingdom, any quantity of tobacco pipe clay to any British sugar colony or plantation in the West Indies, in any ship or vessel that may lawfully trade thither; anything in the said recited ad, or any other ad or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding,

CAP. XLIV

An all to continue the several laws therein mentioned, relating to eft C cur ageing the making of indico in the British plantations in America; to the regi/lering the prices at which corn is sold in the several counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported; to encouraging the manufalluring of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak hark, when the price of suck bark Shall exceed a certain rate \ to the allowing timber and wood to be exported from the island of Dominica into any other of the British islands, coionics, or plantations in America, and to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of british made cordage.

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned have, by experience, been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty that ir may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an 2d, made in the twenty firrt year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An all for encouraging the making of indico in the Brmfc plantations in America, which was to continue in force for seven years from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the end of the tl; en next session of parliament; and which, by another act of the twenty eiehth year of his said late majesty’s reign, is further continued, from the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by another ad, made in tiie third year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An all to continue and amend two alls, made in the twenty first and twenty eighth years of his late Majestys reign, for encouraging the making of indico in the British plantations in America and sir extending the provisions of an all of the thirtieth year of his late mo jc/iy reign, with refpdl to bringing prize goods into this kingdom, to Spanish prize goods taken since the late declaration of war with Spain, is further continued tram the expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred ami seventy, and from thence to the end of the then next felfionof parliament; and which, by another ad, made in the tenth year

1777.] Anno decimo septimo georgii III C 44. 405

of the reign of his present Majesty, is further continued until the twenty-fifth day of Marcby one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session or parliament; shall be, and the same, together with all the provisions, regulations, restrictions, powers, and clauses, mentioned in the said recited act of the third year of his present Majesty, sofar as they relate to encouraging or concern the making of indico in the British plantations in America, is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II And be it further enadtcd by the authority aforesaid, That A ft 10 Geo.

an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, 3* further entitled, An act for regiflering the prices at which corn is sold in the ^j^nu®ars°r several counties oj Great Britain, and the quantity exported and im C y

ported, which was to continue in force for fevefi years, and from

thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued from the expiration thereof for the further term of seven years, and frofri thence to the end pf the then next session of parliament.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Aft ugeo.

That an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present 3* further Majesty, entitled, An at for encouraging the manufacture of lea for

tker, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, y

when the price of such bark Shall exceed a certain rate for a limited timey which was to continue in force for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued, from the expiration thereof, for the further term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That So much of aa so much of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign Of

his present Majesty, entitled, An act to continue and amend an act, ^ exporting made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled timber from An act for opening and establishing certain ports in the islands Dominica to

of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free importation and ex 1!}*

- ^ 11 _______ 1 >/* / .* islands, etc.

portation of certain goods and merchandtfes; for granting cer in America.

tain duties to defray the expenses of opening, maintaining, fe further contt curing, and improving such ports; for ascertaining the duties tonued for five be paid upon the importation of goods from the said island ofycars* Dominica into this kingdom; and for feeuring the duties upon goods imported from the said island into any other British colony; and for allowing timber and wood to be exported from the said if and of Dominica into any other of the British islands y coionics, orpunta tionsin America, for a limited time; as relates to allowing timber and wood to be exported from the island of Dominica into any »

other of the British islands, coionics, or plantations in America for a limited time, which was to continue in force until the first day cf November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy six, and from thence to the enc of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby continued, from the ex

0 piration

40 6

Aft 6 Geo. 3. further continued for four years.

Preamble.

Acts 3 Geo. 1 recited.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii IIL C 45. [ 1777.

piration thereof, until the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An oft for allowing a bounty on the exportation of britilh made cordage; and for discontinuing the drawbacks upon foreign rougb'bemp exported; which was to be in force from the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by another act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was amended, and further continued for the term of three years; and which, by another act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for the term of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued, ifom the expiration thereof, for the further term of four years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XLV

An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papijls, and for relief of protejlant pur chasers.

WHEREAS by a clause in an act of parliament, passed in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the. First, entitled, An act for explaining an act, passed in the last session of parliament, entitled. An act to oblige papijls to regijler their names and real estates and for enlarging the time for such registering \ for securing purchases made by protestants; it was enabled That) from and after the twenty-ninth day September, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven teen no manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or any intereji thereby or rent or profit thereout, should pass, alter or change, from any papifi, or person prof effing the popish religion, by any deed or will, except such deed) within six months after the date, and such will, within six months after the death of the testator, should be enrolled in one of the kings courts of record at Westminster, or elfe within the same county or counties wherein the manorsy lands, and tenements lit) in such manner as therein, for that purpose, is dire ft ed: and whereas by several acts of parliament, made in the tenth year of his said mo jefiy’s reigny and in the thirdy sixth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, six teenthy nineteenth, twenty sixth, twenty-eighth, thirty first, and thirty third years of his late majesty King George the Second; and the second, fourth, seventh, twelfth, and fourteenth years of his prefint Majejifs reign, it was enabled. That every deed and will, made find the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and Jeventeen, in order to pass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or any rent or prop thereout, from any papifi, or person prof effing the popish religion, to any protejlant or protejlants, or by reason of which deed or will onj

a prf

1777-] Anno dcomo septimo georoii III c.45.' 407

protejlant or protejiants mdy claim or derive any legal, equitable, or otter interest whatsoever, to bis, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protejlant or prote flams, though not inroiled, or not inroiled in due time, Should be as good and effectual in law as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wills had been enrolled within the timet limited by the said clauses in the said acts for the inr oilmen: thereof \ provided the said deeds ansi wills Jhoufd bet enrolled on or before the first day cf January, one thousand fruen hundred and seventyfive, in such manner as by the faidclaufe in the first mentioned aft is dtrested: be it enacted by the *

king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

That every deed and will, made since the twenty-ninth day of Deeds and September, one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in older topass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or be jnad’e reditaments, or any interest therein, or any rent or profit there Sept. 29.1717, out, from any £apict, or person professing the pophh religion, toto be good in any protestant or protestants, or by reason of which deed or will avcfore any protestant or protestants may claim or derive any legal, jjn* f, C77s# equitable, or other interest whatsoever to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or protestants, though not enrolied, or not enrolled in due time, shall be as good and effectual in thfc law as the same would have been in case the said deeds and wills had been enrolled within the times limited by the said clauses in the said acts for the inrollmertt thereof; provided the same deeds and wills shall be enrolled on or before the first/day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, in such manner as by the said clause in the said first mentioned ad is directed.

II Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall This aa not extend, or be construed to extend, to give effect to any deed, *.0 e*tend to will, or other instrument, the want of inrollment or validity v^idtrytc ^ whereof has already been brought in question, in any action or whereof has suit commenced or prosecuted in any court of law o r equity. already been

III And whereas many purchafcs made by protejiants may be brought in danger of being impeached or called in question, in regard that feme<lue 10, 1 * deeds or wills, through whuh the title thereto is derived, ought to have

been enrolled according to the said acts, but have not been Jo enrolied: be it therefore further enacted by the authority eforesaid, That purchaf<s no purchase made for full and valuable consideration of anymadc by promanors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or ofhca^tu^on any interest therein, by any protestant or protestants, and merely account of the and only for the benefit of the protestants, shall be impeached title deeds or avoided, for or by reason that any deed or will, through which the title thereto is derived, hath not been enrolled as re etc quired by the said acts, so as no advantage .was taken of inroll e C‘ ment thereof before iuch purchase was made, and so as no decree or judgement shall have been obtained for want of the inrollment of such deeds or wills.

IV Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall exfend, This aa not

vol. XXXI Ff or mafce good

not having bren enrolied,

4p8 Anno decimo septimo Georgii IIT. C 46. [1777.

any grant of or be construed to extend, to make good any grant, lease, or

the right of mortgage, of the advowson or right of presentation, collation,

prefeutation b. ’, r 5* r. C *,, *

to any bene nomination, or donation, of and to any benefice, prebend, or

lice, etc. in cccleliaftical living, school, hospital, or donative, or any avoid trust tor any ance thereof made by any papist, or person profefiing the popish papist religion, in trust, directly or indirectly, mediately or immediately,

by or for any such papist, or person professing the popish religion, whether such trust hath been declared by writing or not.

CAP. XLVI

An act for raising a certain film of money by way of annuities, and for, eltablifhing a lottery.

Preamble. 5, 000, 000!. to be railed by annuities, and 500, 000!. by a lottery. Contributors to the 5, 000, 000!. to be entitled to certain annuities $ which shall be charged upon the sinking fund. Every contributor of 1001 shall, upon payment or 10i. more, be entitled to a lottery ticket. Preamble; reciting that books have been opened at the bank, and deposits made, pursuant to a resolution of the house of commons. All persons who have made deposits, pursuant to the aforesaid resolution, are required to piy the remainder of their subscriptions at certain times specified. Subscribers to the annuities to be allowed interest for atl moneys paid in advance. Subscribers to the lottery, on paying in the whole of their subscriptions, shall receive tickets to the amount thereof. Subscribers to the 5, 000, 000!. entitled to an annuity of 4i. percent, for 10 years, etc. and an annuity of 10 s. for ten years only. Annuities to be payable and transferrable at the - bank of England, etc. Calhier of the bank to give receipts to contributors for money received 5 which shall be afiignable, etc. Calhier to rive security, to the good liking of the commissioners of the treasury; and to pay all moneys received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury smpowered to apply the money paid in by the cashier. A book to by provided in the accountant general office, m which contributors names shall be entered, etc. Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, shall be forfeited to the public. As soon as contributors have completed their payments, the sums subscribed shall, in the books of the bank, be placed to their credit. Contributors who shall pay 301. percent, of their fubferip tions, on or before June 30, 1777, shall have an annuity of 10 s. for every 1001. subscribed, to continue fasten years. Annuities granted by this act charged upon the sinking fund. Governor, etc. of the bank to appoint a chief calhier, and accountant general. Moneys to be ilfued at the exchequer to the chief calhier, for payment of annuities created by this act. accountant general to examine receipts and payments. Annuities to be deemed personal estate. Books to be kept by the accountant gene ral, wherein shall be entered all transfers of (urns advanced on this a. Method of transferring. The annuities of 10s. percent, perann. shall be a fe par ate (lock from the other annuities, ferfons pofftefffed of ttock may devise the same by will, etc. Commissioners of the treasury to difebarge all incidental charges attending the execution of this act. After the expiration of 10 years, from April 5, 1777, 00 six months notice, and repayment by parliament, etc. annuities to cease. The bank to continue a company till redemption of the annuities. $00, 0001, to be raised by a lottery; the prizes whereof to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books Ticket. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the cafiiters of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. ca(biers to return the books, with the un difpoied tickets, with an account of moneys paid in. Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or (ilk; and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A.) Box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50, 000 tickets are to be jfrinted. Tile number and value of the fortunate tickets. 5001, to each

fist

1777-1 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 47, 48. 409

first drawn ticket of the fist ten day, and 10001. to the last drawn.

Tickets of the outermost columns of the last mentioned hooks to be rolled up and tied. Public notice 10 he gi^en of putting the tickets into he boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Nov. 17, 1777. Method to be cb served in drawing, etc Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums, to be printed. Disputes to be adjuded by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, etc Felony. Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50i. reward. Proviso. Managers to be sworn. The oath. Cashier may receive the sums subscribed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the same; which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for dvery 10i. so paid. Contributors not makjng good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their dcpofits with respect to the lottery; and the tickets for such sums to be delivered into the exchequer. Comnoifiioners of the treasury may reward the managers, etc. as they shall think fit. Limitation of the sale of chances, etc. Penalty.

office keepers, etc. selling shares in tickets of which they are not potftfled, forfeit 5001. and fuft'er three months ini prison ment. No person mall keep any office for the sale of tickets, etc. in Oxford or Cambridge, on penalty of sol. Offenders may be proieoited in the vice-chancellor's court. Forfeitures may be levied by did refs, etc. Proceedings not to be removed by Certiorari, until sufficient surety is given to prosecute the same with efsect, etc. This a not to prejudice the privileges and juri/di&ions of the mayor, etc. of Oxford. Offences committed in Ireland against British as for preventing unlawful lotteries, made puntthabie : penalties may be sued for in Dublin. The 500, 0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on March 1, 1778, etc. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, etc. and signed, etc. No see to be taken for receiving or paying contribution moneys, or for any receipts, con penalty of sol. General issue. Treble costs.

CAP. XL VII

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum Of money out of the sinking fund, and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned lor the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and feventv (even; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

CAP. XLVIII

An act for rendering more effectual an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for promoting the discovery of a method for finding the longitude at sea sofar as relates to the. encouragement and reward of persons making lesser difiover 'res for finding the same, or making other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation j and to the making of experiments relating thereto.

WHEREAS by an at?, made in the fourteenth year of the reign Preamble.

of his present Majestyy (entitled, An at for the repeal of all j4geo. 3v former acts concerning the longitude at sea, except so much thereof recited, as relates to the appointment and authority of thecommissioncrs thereby constituted, and also such claufesasrehteto theconftrud ing? printing, publishing, vending, and licensing of nautical almanacs and other useful tables; and for the more effectual encouragement and reward of such person and persons as shall discover a method for finding the same, or Shall make useful discoveries in

F f 2 na

jc

io

/

cpnrmiffioo crt of the navy, on being certified by the com * missioner of longitude of the probability of any

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 48. f 1777.

navigation; and for the better making experiments relating thereto;) the commissioners for the discovery of longitude at sea were authorised and empowered to hear and receive any proposal or propofols for discovering the said longitude, or for making any other useful improvement in navigation; and in case they should think it proper to taufe experiments to be made thereof then to certify the same, together with the names of the author or authors of fueh proposal or propofols, under their hands and seats, to the commissioners of the navy; and were also authorised and empowered, in case they should adjudge nj pefon or persons to have made any discovery for finding the longitude at Jea, which, though not of so great use as to be entitled to any of the great rewards in the said recited a SI specified, yet that the said discovery was of confderable use to the public, or to havg made any other discovery or dif over ies, improvement or improvements, useful to navigation; then to certify from time to time, under their bands and seeds, to the said commissioners of the navy, fueh less reward or sum or sums of money as they the said commissioners for'the discovery of longitude should think reasonable to he paid to fueh person or persons; and the said commissioners of the navy were thereby authorised and required te make out a bill or bills upon the treasurer of the navy, for fueh sum or sums of money as the said commissioners for the discovery of longitude should think nccejfary for making fueh experiments, or for rewarding in a lejfer degree lejfer dijeoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or any other dijeoveries and improvements useful to navigation; which sum or sums of money the said treasurer was thereby authorised and required to pay immediately to fueh person or persons, his or their executors, administrators, or ajsigns, out of the money that should be in bis the said treasurer's hands unapplied to the use of the navy: and whereas, by reason of several payments made by the treasurer of the navy to several persons in pursuance of the directions of the said off, the said commissioners for the discovery oflongitude have nearly expendtd the whole of the sum of five thousand pounds granted by the said off for the purposes aforejatd: and whereas, if proper encouragement and rewards were continued to be given to fueh ingenious person or persons as fball make any discovery for finding the longitude at sea, which, though not of so great use as to be entitled to any of the great rewords in the said recited act Jpecified, fball nevertheless be adjudged, by the commissioners for the discovery of longitude, to be of confderable use to the public, or who fball make other useful difeoveries and improvements in navigation, it would contribute to the advantage of the trade and to the honour of this kingdom; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be cnatfed; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners for the discovery of longitude, and they have hereby full power and authority, whenever they shall be satisfied of the probability of any proposal or proposals that shall be made to them for difeo vering the said longitude, or making any other useful discovery and improvement in navigation, so as to think it proper to cause

experi

t

1777.] Anno decimo septimo georgii III C 49. 411

experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the com propofols for mitfioners of the navy; and also in case they shall adjudge any ^etthude

!)erfon of persons to have made any discovery for finding the 0‘lguu e ongitude at sea, which, though not of fc great use as to be in titled to any of the great rewards in the find recited act specified, yet that the said oi covery is of considerable use to the publ; ck, or to have made any other difcovefy or discoveries, improvement or improvements, useful to navigation, to certify such less reward, or sum or sums of money, as they the said commissioners for the discovery of longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to such person or persons; and the commissioners of the navy are flull order a hereby authorised and required to make out a bill or bills upon reward to be the treasurer of the navy, for such sum or sums as shall be so Pad to the certified to them by the said commissioners for the discovery of fochpropo longitude; and the said treasurer of the navy is hereby authorised &1«. * and required to pay immediately such sum or sums, to the person or persons who shall be appointed by the said commissioners for the discovery of longitude to make such experiments, or to receive such less reward or sum or sums of money for making lesser discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or any other discoveries and improvements useful to navigation, out of any money which shall be in his the said treafurer’s hands unapplied to the use of the navy.

II Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such sum or The sum to sums of money as shall be paid by the treasurer of the navy, by he paid by virtue of this act, for the purposes of making such experiments jfttune0°ft*his as aforesaid, and of rewarding in a lesser degree lesser discoveries exceed 5, 0001, for finding the longitude at sea, and also other discoveries and improvements useful to navigation, do not all together exceed the sum of five thousand pounds.

III Provided also. That such sum or sums shall be certified. The fumt to and such bills shall be made out, and payment thereof made, iq he certified, such manner, and under the same regulations and provisions *][!!)£* are in and by the said recited act prescribed, with regard to able to tfie °" the sum of five thousand pounds, by the said act made applicable regulations of to the encouragement and reward of such person or persons as the above (hold make lesser discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, recite or make other useful discoveries and improvemeuts in navigation, and to the better making of experiments relating thereto.

CAP. jfylx.

An act to enable the lords commissioners of his majesty’s treasury to compound a debt due to the crown from the estate of William Harry detested, and bis sureties.

CAP.

t^oosle

4

412

Anno decimo septimo Ge jrgii 111. c-50. [1777-

Pieamble.

CAP. L

jin act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences, to bi taken out by all per Jons acting as auctioneers; and certain rates and duties on all lands, boujes, goods, and other things, sold by auction; and upon indentures, leases, bonds, deeds, and other instruments.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majeftfs most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament cjjcmbled, think that it would be for the advantage of the public that all persons vfing or exercising the trade or buftnefs of an auctioneer should be obliged to take out a licence for that purpose, specifying their names and places of abode re jpectively, and to grant unto your mojejly a duty upon such licences, and also a certain rate upon all Jales of any estates, goods, or effecfs yobatsoever, Jdld by way of auction, as hereinafter mentioned; and therefore do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled. After Sept 19, send by the authority of the same, That, from and after the every twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and

w^thinnthe? seventy seven, every person exercising the trade or business of an

bills of morta auctioneer, within the cities of London and Weflminftcr, and the lity, to pay weekly bills of mortality, shall yield and pay annually, to and aos. annually fr the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for a licence to life and exercise the said trade or business, the sum of twenty (billings;; every person exercising the trade or business of an auctioneer, without the cities pf London and Westminster, and the weekly bills of mortality, shall yield and pay annually, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for a licence to use and exercise the said trade or business, the sum of five (billings.

II Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no per fbn who shall be authori ed by the lord mayor and court of aldermen of the city of London, to aft as a broker within the said city, shall be liable to the payment of any greater yearly sum shan five (billings, for a licence to act as an auctioneer within r&ioneers, the cities of London and Westminster, anything in this act to the

No person, HI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, after Stpr. 19, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, no 1777, shall aft person or persons whatsoever, who now, or at any time or times 38 3n0r factor hereafter, doth or shall exercise the calling or occupation of an 'mhefafe of auctioneer, agent, factor, or seller by commission, at any sale any estates, of any estates, goods, or effects whatsoever, by outery, knocking etc without doty a of hamper, candle, by lot,. pareel, or any other mode of taking out a faje at au^j0n, or whereby the best or highest bidder is deemed, ccncc' be the purchaser, or who shall aft in any of the said capacities,

shall

and without the fajd bills, js. annually.

Brokers author! : ed by the lord mayor, etc. of London, mav aft as auftioneers, on

1777-1 'Aqno decimo septimo Georgii II c.50. 41j

shall presume, by him, her, or ihemselyes, or by any otherper ion or person whatsoever, employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their benefit, to deal in, vend, or sell any such estates, goods, or effects whatsoever, by public sale or otherwise, by way of auction, as aforesaid, in any manner whatsoever, without first taking out a licence, in manner herein after mentioned, before he, (he, or they, shall so put up o sale, or sell any such estates, goods, or effects, by public sale, by way of auction, as aforesaid;; in which licence shall be fet forth the true name and place of abode of the person or persons taking out the same; for which he, (he, or they shall, immediately upon the taking out thereof, pay down for each and every licence, foto be taken out from time to time, the said several sums of twenty (billings, and five (billings, respectively, over and besides any other duties or payments to which such person or persons may be liable for trading in, vending, or selling any gold or silver plate, or otherwise, in manner following; that is to say, If such .Certain per licences be taken out within the limits or jurisdiction of the chief fons authori office of excise in London, then such licences shall be granted to sr.ailt under the hands and seals of two or more of his majesty’s com england|w xnifiioners for the duty of excise, for the time being, or of such * as the commidioners of excise shall appoint for that purpose and the said duty of twenty (billings for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in London; but if such licences shall be tsvken out without the limits aforesaid, then such licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and fuperviforsof expfe, within their respective collections and di (tricts, and the said duty of five (billings for the same shall be paid, by all and every the persons so taking out such licences, at the office of excise next adjoining to the place where they respectively reside or inhabit, or at any other place, and to such persons as his majesty’s commidioners of excise for the time being shall appoint to deliver out such licences and to receive the said duty: and in case such licences be taken out within the limits of the and in scot city of Edinburgh, such licences shall be granted under the hands land, and seals of two or more of his majesty^s commidioners of excise in Scotland for the time being, and the duty of five (billings for the same shall be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh in the same manner as is herein before directed in regard to the licences to be taken out within the limits or jurisdiction of the chief office of excise in London; but if such licences shall be taken out in any other pact of Scotland, without the limits aforesaid, then such licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectcfrs and supervisors of excise in Scotland, within their respective collections and districts, and the duties for" the same shall be paid in like manner as is herein before directed with regard to the licences to be taken out in England, witnout the limits or jurisdiction of the chief office of excise in London; and such respective commidioners of excise, and the persons ap

!minted by them respectively, and also all such collectors and upervifors are hereby respectively authorised and required to

Ff graat.

4h

Licences to be renewed, and, ao s. or 5 s. paid, every year :

Anno decirno septimo GBORGII III c.50. [1777-grant and deliver such licences to all persons applying for the same, upon their paying the several sums of twenty (billings, and five (billings, as aforesaid, refpecftively, fof, each and every such licence.

IV And be it further enaeffed by the authority aforesaid, That every person or persons who shall take Out any such licence as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fre(h licence, ten days at least before the expiration of twelve calendar months after the taking out the first licence, before fie, (he, or they do presume to vend or fell by way of auction, as aforesaid, and in the same manner to renew every such licence from year to year, paying down the like him of twenty (billings, or of five (billings, respectively, for each and every new or renewed licence, on penalty, if at the places and at the times before mentioned : and if any per within the fqn or persons shall presume or offer to vend or fell by way of bills of rnor au<cfcjorij as aforesaid, without first taking out such licence, and renewing the same yearly, in manner aforesaid, .such person or persons shall, if the offence shall be committed within the cities of London or Weftminjier, or within the weekly bills of mortality, forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds j and if such offence shall be committed in any place without the limits aforesaid, then such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds. After Sept. 19, V And be it further enaefted by the authority aforesaid. That, 3777- certain from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, there shall famlv Routes rae levied, cdlc<ff$d, and paid, in such manner as herein etc. iold°by ter's mentioned, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all manner of sales by way of auction, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, the refpeeffive rates and duties herein after expressed;; is to say) the sum of threepence for every twenty (billings of the purchase money arising by sale at auction, of any interest, in possession or reversion, in any freehold, copyhold, or leasehold lands, tenements, houses, or hereditaments, and of any annuities or sums of money charged thereon, and of any utensils in hofbandry and farming, (lock, ships, and vessels, and of any reversionary interest in the public funds; and the sum of sixpence for every twenty (billings out of Jhe purchase money arising by sale at audlion, of all furniture, fixtures, plate, jewels, pictures, books, horses, and carriages,, and all other goods and chatties whatsoever; the said respective rates and duties to be paid by every such auctioneer, agent, user, *tc. out factor, or seller by commission, out of the moneys arising at each °flhc?,, 0(lacc and every such sale or auction, as aforesaid.

Eve auti VI And K scry ^urther enacted by the authority afore »«r?with!n said, That, fr°m and ater the said twenty-ninth day of September, each and every person acting as auctioneer as aforesaid, at every such pjblick sale or au6lion, in London, Wejiminjler, or in any other parts within the limits or jurisdiction of the chief office of ivc iccu exc*f° n London, shall, at the time of receiving such licence, give rhy^by bond Security, by bond, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the for too!, to sum of two hundred pounds, with two or more sufficient furew to hbmajesty, ties, which security the said £omtniiftoners for the duty of excise

....... ' ' ' *

tajity, of jool.

and, if without the bills, of 501.

autijn j

to be pa by the audbo

the limits of the chief office of excite in London, to give fccu*

4*5

1777*1 Anno decimo feptlmoxgeorgli III c.50.

rcfpcdtivcly for the time being, or any two or more of them, or such person or persons as the said commissioners of excite respectively shall appoint to deliver out such licences, and to receive the said duties, is or are hereby authorised to take, that he will, within fourteen days after each and every such sale or that he will, auction, deliver to the person or persons, foto be appointed as within 14 days aforesaid, an exact and particular account in writing, of the total aj^ion^eli amount of the money bid at such sale, and of the several articles, ver a partial lots, or pareels, which shall have been sold, the price of each lar account article, lot, or pareel, in every such sale, and what article or ar wr, L “g of tides, lot or lots, parcel or pareels, if any, was or were.bought ' Z in by the owner, or by his direction, (such direction to be ih the price of writing, and witnessed by the owner); and at the same time each lot, etc make payment of all such fumand sums of money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, in pursuance of, and according to, the true intent and meaning of this act; which sum or sums of money he is hereby authorised and directed to retain out of the produce of each sale made as aforesaid; and such person, or the person acting as clerk at such sale (if any) shall make oath of the truth of every such account, before the officer appointed to receive the said duty, which oath such officer is hereby authorised and required to adminfter : and if it shall appear to the fatisfac And if it shall tion of the said commissioners, or of the person or persons soap appear'tothe pointed by them in this behalf, as aforesaid, that the party giving such bond hath acted agreeably to the directions of this act, du tha^the^uct* ring the respective year for which his licence was to continue in tioneer hath relation whereto each bond shall have been so given; then, in acted agreea each and every such case, they shall cause such bond to be deli lr°.*|v* vered up; but in case no such account shall be delivered as shall bedelu herein before mentioned, or if it shall appear that any such ac vered up; count was not truly made, or that the party hath acted contrary but if the con tothfe true intent and meaning of such bond, and of thispresent trary shall ap ad, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissioners, or the p®a/*»thre^on<* persons so appointed by them, as aforesaid, (un)efs they shall cutedpetc?- find sufficient cause to forbear the same), to cause each and e very such bond to be prosecuted according to law; and thereupon, in case of a verdict or judgement against the defendant, such licence shall thenceforth become void to all intents and purposes, and such defendant shall from thenceforth be incapable of ever after having any such licence, and in case of acting under colour of any such licence shall be liable to all the penalties which may be incurred by this act for acting as an audioneer without licence.

VII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Every au&io said. That each and every person so acting as aforesaid, at every near, without such public sale or auction, in any other part of Great Britain, tali

shall, at the time of receiving such licence as aforesaid, give fe juss give curity by bond, as aforesaid, in the sum of fifty pounds; which bond*a* a security the colledors or supervisors, or other officer to be ap foresaid, for pointed for granting such licence as aforesaid, shall, and they are 5°1‘ hereby authorised to take; that he will, within six weeks after that he will, every such sale, deliver in an exact and particular account, as is with, in *

herein week#after^

each foie, deliver in a particular account, eic.

a pioneer may make it a condition of foe, that the purchaser shall pay the rate granted by this act.

This act not to alter any contra between buyer and seller by auction, etc.

If the owner

of any estate, dc. sold by auction, shall be the purchaser, he shall be allowed the duties;

provided notice be given to the aufti oneer before the sale, etc, who shall make oath of the same, etc.

Anna decimo septimo Georgii III C 5a [ 1777*

herein before required so be delivered by persons vending or soiling by auction, within the bills of mortality, and shall at the same time make payment of all such sum and fulns of money as shall be due and payable to his Majesty, for or on account of each sale by him, made, from time to time, within such six weeks respectively;; all the powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, herein before prefenbed or contained, for the better levying, focuririg, or accounting for the said duties, (hail be observed in the said (Jveral collections and districts respectively, as if the same were again particularly repeated and re enacted.

VIII Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to restrain any seller by auction, or persona ding as audioneer at any Tales by way of auction, from making it a condition of sale, that the pound rate granted by this act, or any certain portion thereof, shall be paid by the purchaser, over and above the price bidden at such sale by auction 5 and in such case, the person so acting as audioneer is hereby authorised and required to demand pay/nent of the said duty from such purchaser or purchaser, or such portion thereof as expressed in such condition or agreement, and upon neglect or refusal to pay the same, such bidding shall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

IX Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to alter, change, determine, or make void, any other Condition, contract, covenant, or agreement whatsoever, between any buyer or seller by auction, or any other person, touching the payment of any of the rates or duties hereby respectively imposed, so as the same do not extend to the lessening or abatement of the full sum appointed by this act to be railed, levied, collected, and paid, as is herein before mentioned and directed, anything herein contained to the contrary notwiihftanding.

X Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority afordaid, That incase the real owner of any estate, goods, or effects, put up to sale by way of auction, shall become the purchaser by means of his own bidding, or the bidding of any other person on his behalf, or for his use, at such sale, without fraud or coilusion, then and in such case the respective commit fioners of txcife in Great Britain, and such colledors, supervisors, and other officers of excise, as are hereby respectively authorised within their respective collections and diqrids to receive the said duties, are hereby authorised and required to make an allowance to such owner of the duties arising by this act upon such bidding; provided notice be given to the audioneer before such bidding, both by the owner and the person intended to be the bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the sale, for the use apd behoof of the seller; and provided such notice be verified by the oath of the audioneer, as also the fairness and reality of the said transaction, to the best of his knowledge and belief: and in case any dispute shall arise whether such purchase by the owner was not made by coilusion, or in order tokffien the full sum appointed by this act to be paid, or concerning the fairness of fpchtranfa^lion $ then,

* * ants

4*7

1777*1 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 50.

and in such cases the proof thereof shall lie upon the person acting as auftioneer; and on failure therein, or in case of any unfair practice, then no such allowance shall be made, as afore said, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL Provided also, and it is hereby further enabled, That no Certain fade thing in this at contained shall extend to any sale or (ales by to which this way of auction of estates or chatties, made by any rule, or order, aft shall not or decree, of his majesty’s court of chancery, or of exchequer, cxt<nd* N in England, before the matters in chancery, or the deputy remembrancer of the said court of exchequer; or by any order pr decree of the courts of feftton or exchequer in Scotland respectively;; at any such sales made by the East India company, or the Hudson's Bay company, or by order of his majesty’s commissioners for the duty or customs or of excise, or by order of the board of ordnance, or commissioners of the navy and victualling, or any such sales of ettates or chattels, made by the (beriffin execution of judgements, or of goods distrained for rent, or for nonpayment of tithes, or of goods and effects of bankrupts, sold by order of the attignees, under a commission of bankruptcy, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the This act not

authority aforeiaid. That nothing in this act shall extend, or be to extend to,

construed to extend, to charge with the said tax or duty, any sale

goods imported into this kingdom by way of merchandise from from any Brttijb colony or plantation in America, on the first sale of ^ybnd&co such goods, by or for the account of the original importer, to lonyinameri whom the same were consigned, and by whom they were enter ca, etc.

ed at the customhouse, at the port of importation, so as such sale be made within twelve months after such goods shall be so imported; nor to any ships, or their tackle, apparel, and furni nor to ships, ture, or the cargoes tnereof which may be taken and condemned etc. taken as as prize, which shall be sold in this kingdom, by or for the ber, 17c}? ri nent of the captors thereof; nor to any ships or goods that may {^nefi^of the be wrecked or ttranded in this kingdom, and sold by auction captors, etc. for the benefit of the insurers or proprietors thereof, or which may be sold free of duty to defray the charges of salvage; nor to nor to sales sales made for the benefit of creditors, by the direction of any made for the deed or deeds, executed before the first day of Aprils one thou ® etc sand seven hundred and seventy seven 5 nor to sales made by *

trustees, chosen in pursuance of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An ab for rendering the payment of the creditors of insolvent debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating she diligence of the law by arrest ment and poinding, and for extending the privilege of bills to pro mijfory notes, and for limiting attions upon bills and promiffbry notesy in that part of Great Britain called Scotland); anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII Provided also. That nothing in this act contained shall Sales of ce. extend to the sale or sales of any estate or estates to he held by a estates,

ieafe or leases, or copy or copies of court rolls or entries, for a ife or Jives, pr for any term or terms of years \ or tp the sale or gvfludl not

sales extend. Good

4i8

Duties arising by this act to be paid into the exche 1 quer separate from all o thers.

Penalties and forfeitures bow to be re covered and applied.

After Aug. i, 1777, an additional tamp duty ot 19. 6d. shall be paid for every (kin of parchment, etc. for which is. is payable by aft 16 Geo.

3*

;

Additional (tamp duties to be paie after July 5, 1777;

Anno decitno septimo georgii III c.50. [1777.’

Tales of any woods, coppices, produce of mines or quarries, or to any contra relating thereto, or to the cutting or working the same, or to the sale of any materials used in the working of such mines or quarries refpcftively; or to the safe of any cattle, and live or dead (lock, or unmanufactured produce of land, so as such sale or Tales of woods, coppices, produce of mines or quarries, cattle, corn, flock, or produce of land, be made whilst they continue on the lands, producing the same, and by the owner or owners of such lands, or proprietor or proprietors of, or adventurer or adventurers in, such mines or quarries refpcftively, or by his or their steward or agent, stewards or agents; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV And be it further anafted by the authority aforesaid, That all the money arising by the rates and duties respectively chargeable by this act (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at fvejtminjter3 separate and apart from all other branches of the public revenues, and shall be carried to, and made part of, the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund.

X V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed bv this act, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated; by iuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, (not otherwise directed by this act) or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminfler% or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (all necessary Charges for the recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be to his Majesty, his heifs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

Xyi. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of Jugust, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties following; that is to say, for every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any indenture, lease, bond, or other deed (save and except policies of insurance) for which a stamp duty of one shilling is payable, by virtue of an act made in the (ixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, over and above all other rates and duties by the said act, or by any other act of parliament imposed, an additional stamp duty of one shilling and sixpence.

XVII And be it further anafted by the authority aforesaid; That, from and after the fifth day of one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the rates and duties following; (that is to say),

1777o Anno decimo septimo Georgii III c.50 419

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet Conveyance, or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, (winder, etc. or printed, arty conveyance, surrender of grants or offices, release, xs or other deed whatsoever, which shall be enrolled of record in any of the courts at jvejlminfler, or in any other court of record whatsoever, or by any Cujios Rotulorumy or clerk of the peace, over and above the duty now payable thereon, an additional stamp duty of two (billings and sixpence' '

every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet Policy of in or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or France for printed, in Great Britain, any policy of insurance, whereby the above looo* » property of one or more persons in houses and goods, or both, 5**

shall be insured to a greater amount, in the whole, than one thousand pounds, over and above the several duties by any as of parliament already imposed, an additional stamp duty of five (billings' '

every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet Copyhold or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or surrender, etc, printed, any surrender of, or admittance to, any copyhold land S 3 dor tenement, within those parts of Great Britain called England, fpalesy and the town of Berwick upon Tweedy or any grant or lease, by copy of court roll, or any other copy of the court roll of any honour or pianor, within the said parts of Great Britain,

(other thamand except the original surrender to the use of a will, and the court roll or botfks wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or enrolled) over and above the duty now payable thereon, an additional flhmp duty of two (billings and threepence : V 1

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet Surrender of or piece or paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, ^ bt estate" or printed, any copy of any surrender of, and admittance to, any custom right or tenant right estate, not being copyhold, pyhold, **. 6d, which shall pass by surrender and admittance, or by admittance only, and which shall not pass by deed within those parts of Great Britain called England, jvales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweedy a stamp duty of four (billings and sixpence:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet Surrender of or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, etc or printed, any principal or original instrument of surrender or Scodand* resignation of any lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritable, s sd. rights, to be made to any of his majesty’s fubjetfts, who are or shall be superiors thereof, or to any city, town, borough, or corporation, or to any magistrates or others who have power to receive such surrenders or reflgnations, in Scotland, over and above the duty now payable thereon, an additional stamp duty of one shilling and sixpence: :

every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet Refour offeror piece of paper, upon which (hail be ingrossed, written, vice of heirs, or printed, any principal or original retour of any service of heirs, ccc*is* d or anv precept of Clare Confiat of lands or tenements, holding 6f any (ubjeft as aforesaid, in Scotland, over and above the duty

now

Charter of refign^tion, etc. is. 6d.

Original fai line taken upon any mortgage, etc. i s. 6 d.

Original instrument of surrender, jervice of heirs, etc. X i s. 6d.

Anno decimo septimo georgii III c.50. [1777.

now payable thereon, an additional stamp duty of one shilling

and sixpence:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any charter of resignation, confirmation, Novo damus9 or charter upon apprizing or adjudication made or granted by such superior, or others, as aforesaid, in Scotland, over and above the duty ow payable thereon, an additional lamp duty of one shilling and sixpence;

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece or paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any principal or original faifine taken or following upon any mortgage, wadset, heritable bond, alienation, or disposition, or upon any charter, precept of Clare Conftaty Retours, apprizings, or adjudications of lands or tenements, holding of any subject as aforesaid, in Scotland, over and above the duty now payable thereon, an additional lamp duty of one shilling and sixpence:

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any principal or original instrument of surrender or resignation, service or cognition of heirs, charter, or faiflne of any houses, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, holding burgage, or of burgage tenure, in Scotland, over and above the duty now payable thereon, an additional lamp duty of one'shilling and sixpence $

addition XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, a] and new That, for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and duties herein paying all the said additional and new duties herein before grant befoc^ranted t) the same shall be under the government, care, and manage ^manaee r mente c°nitr.iflioners for the time being appointed to ment of the manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and commissioners paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and ot the ltamp empowered to employ the necessary officers under them for that duties. purpose; and to ufeand provide such (lamps to denote the said several

duties as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things qeceflary to be done for putting this act in execution with relation to the said several rates and duties herein before granted, in the like, and in us full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

XIX Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho comminion rjty af0resaid, That, to prevent the multiplication of (lamps onvnewcaufc upon p‘eces f vefium or parchment, or (beets or pieces of ltarnp to be paper, on which several duties are by several acts of parliament provided, to imposed, it shall and may be lawful fori the said commissioners, denote the fe instead of the distinct (lamps directed to be provided to denote oneachflcfn ^ ^cvera^ duties on the vellum, parchment, or paper, charged of parchment, thwwith, to cause one new (lamp to be provided, to denote the etc. * said several duties, and the duty granted by this act, on every

piece

421

1777-1 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 50.

piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, charged with the said several duties.

XX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Vellum,

all vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to the duties hereby ™[abie°r charged, shall, before the same shall be ingrossed, printed, or pop^'afore* written upon, be brought to the head office for damping or said duties, marking vellum, parchment, or paper; and the said commis shall, before fioners, by themselves, or by their officers employed under them,

shall forthwith, upon demand to them made by any person or ^ h*™j**ffi*c persons, from time to time, damp or mark, as this act directs, for damping, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, as shall be brought to them for that purpose, the persons so bringing the same paying to the receiver-general of the damp duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the several duties payable for the same by virtue of this act.

XXI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Wual allow that the same allowance shall be made on present payment of ^[d^for* re the several duties granted by this act, in such manner as by any frnt payment former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, is of the duties, directed and allowed.

XXII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties to be That the several duties herein before granted shall be paid, from Pa, d.to thc time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the timelaurfthe8*” ** being of the duties on damped vdlum> parchment, and paper, ttarap duties, who shall keep a separate and didind account of the several rates etc.

and duties, and pay thc same (the necessary charges of raising ^

and accounting for the^feme being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer, for the purpose herein after expressed, at such time, and in such manner, as any former duties on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, are directed to be paid.

XXIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Stampsdirtd that such damps as the said commifltoners are hereby directed **

* authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and ay be altered renewed, in such manner as any other damps on vellum, parch and renewed, .mentor paper, are by any former Jaw relating to damped vel etc. lum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all persons who shall have in their cudody or poflefiion, /

any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with the.damp or mark which shall be so altered or renewed, or on which, being already damped with a damp denoting any former duty, a new damp is hereby directed to be impressed, shall have the like remedy and allowance, as by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment, or paper, is in like cases directed.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, If any person, That if any person or persons shall, from and after thc said fifth after July 5, day of July, one thousand seven hundred nd feventv seven, sign,

seal, execute or subscribe, any policy of insurance, or other deed, a pciftcy of instrument or Writing, whereby houses and goods shall be any insurance ways insured from loss by fire, to the amount or value as afore from fire, to said, before the vellum, parchment, or paper, whereupon the same shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, shall appear to have ou^bring'duly a been ltajnpcd, he

422 shall forfeit lol.

etc.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii IIL c.50. [1777*

been stamped and marked as by this and the other acts of parliament in that behalf is directed; that then every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and

successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cods of suit, to such person or persons as shall inform and fuc for the same in and shall pay any of his majeily’s courts of record : and that if any such policy rd insurance shall be so fignecf, sealed, executed, or subscribed,

duties^eieby upon ve^um> parchment, or paper, not appearing to have been payable) 5l duly stamped or marked according to law, that then, and in every before any such case, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc fl!cn ceffors, (over and above the duties hereby payable) for every

able'inlaw # P, cy insurance, the sum of five pounds; and that no 9 such policy of insurance shall be available in law or equity, or be given in evidence, or admitted in any court, unless as well the said duty hereby charged, as the said sum of five pounds, shall be first paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and a receipt produced for the (ame, under the hand of the receiver-general for the time being of the damp duties, or his deputy, and until the Vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such policy of insurance is (9 signed, sealed, executed, or subscribed, shall be marked or stamped according to the true meaning thereof; and the said receiver-general and his deputy are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the said duty payable by virtue hereof, and of the said sum of five pounds, to give a receipt for such money; and the other proper officers are thereupon required to mark or llau^p such policy of insurance with * the proper mark or (lamp requisite in that behalf.

Person conn XXV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, terfeiting any That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be tctrefemble^ counterfeited or forged, any seal, (tamp, or mark, to resemble any seal, etc. any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this directed to be or any other act of parliament, for the purpose of denoting the used todenote duties by this or any other act of parliament granted, or shall dmiet'with cc>untcr‘e»t or resemble the impression of the same, with an in an intent to tent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of defraud hi the said duties; or shall privately or fraudulently use any seal, ftamp>or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other fcloi» ^ a par^ment> relating to the lamp duties, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death, as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Allprovifion?, XXVI And be.it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, penalties and That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, diftnbution of pe torfeiturjs^^r nalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things, pre as relating feribed or appointed by any former actor acts of parliament, re to the it amp lating to the lamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, shall duties, shall be ot full force and effect with relation to the (Several duties be in force, hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the h? executing railing, levying, collcdting, and securing the said additional and this act. PCW

1577.} Anno decimo septimo gfcorgii III c.51, 52. 41$

new duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had federally and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said additional and new duties hereby imposed.

XXVII And be it further enaefted by the authority aforesaid, ca That all the moneys arising by the said several and refye<ftive^*icj

rates and duties (the necessary charges of railing and accounting paid into the for the same excepted), shall, from time to time, be paid into exchequer the receipt of his majesty’s exchequer at Westminster, diftin(5llyd, ft’n^lyfronl and apart from all other branches of the public revenue, and branches of shall, for the purpose afore said, be carried to, and made a part the public of, the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund. revenue.

XXVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Defendant That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be under this act

'sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this actor of any clause, mat 8 9

ter, or thing, herein contained; such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in CVI an<j recover dence, for his or their defence: and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

- CAP; LI

An a & for enabling his Ma jetty to raise the sum of one million for the uies and purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LII

An act for better securing the duties on fope, and the duties on rum of the Jugar plantations put into warehouses and for allowing a drawback of the duties on rum Jhipped as sores, to be consumed on board merchant Ships on their voyages,, for a limited time.

WHEREAS, notwithfanding the many laws already madepreambles for securing the revenues on fope, and for protecting the fair trader, many gross frauds are daily practised by evil minded and tndi gent, persons, who are encouraged in such practises, not only from the great length of time allowed by those laws for the payment of the duties on fope, but also for want of some further regulations in the man ntr of the carrying on the fope making business; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king’s moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth After June, day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, nofoj7refamr* person or persons whatsoever, residing within the limits of the within theu head office of excise in London, shall be permitted to make any mits of the fope, unless such person or persons shall occupy a tenement orhcad offic* f tenements of the yearly value of ten pounds, or upwards, and for jj**1<hilj make which he, (he, or they shall accordingly be assessed in their own any*fope, un vol. XXXI Gg name, less he occupy

4*4-.

a teritment of 101, per an. and pay pari/h ratet\ nor in any other part of the kingdom, unless he pay to church and poor, etc.

Recital of an actof 10 Anas.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III c.52. [1777.

name, and shall also pay to the parish rates; and that no person or persons whatever, redding in any other part of the kingdom where there are rates to church and poor, shall be permitted to make any fope, unless such person or persons shall be assessed and pay to church and poor, in the several parishes and places in which they shall rcfpeclively reside; and that no entry of any fope house, work house, or place for making of fope, already made, or hereafter to be made, as required by the statutes in that case made and provided, shall be of any avail to any person or persons not so qualified, or for any longer time than the person or persons so making entry shall be qualified as aforesaid; and every person making fope and not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any entry by him or them made, be deemed and taken to be persons making fope without entry, and shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures as persons making fope without entry ar by the statutes in such case made and provided are fubjett unto.

II And whereas, by a clause in on aft, paffied in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty ^ueen Anne, (entitled, An act for laying several duties upon all fope and paper made in Great Britain or imported into the same; and upon chequered and striped linens imported; and upon certain silks, calicoes, linens, and fluffs printed, painted, or stained; and upon several kinds of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertisements; for raifuag the futn of eighteen hundred thousand pounds, by way of a lottery, towards her majesty’s supply; and for licensing an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain stocks of cards and dice; and for better securing her majesty’s duties to arise in the office for the stamp duties by licences for marriages and otherwise;; for relief of persons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have lost exchequer bills, or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon flock, (part of the capital of the South Sea company) tor the use of the public: it was enacted, That every person whatsoever, who Should make any fope in London or Westminster, or in any parts within the weekly bills of mortality, Should, monthly and every month; and all and every per jon or per Jons whatsoever, who Should make any fope in any other part of Great Britain, Should once in every six weeks, make a truetntry, tn writing, at the next office for the said duties, of all the fope'by him her, or them Jeverally made, within such month or six weeks respectively; which entries were to be made in manner as therein exprejfed: and by one other clause in the faii recited act, it was further enacted That all and every person, who Should make any Jope in London or Westminster, or within the limits of the said weekly bills of mortality, Should, within four weeks; and all and every person whatsoever, who Should make any fope in any other part of Great Britain, Should, within six weeks after he, Jhe, or they Should have made, or ought ip have made, such entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said duties upon jope, wi tch should be due from him, her, or them respectively;; that all and raery such makers of fope, who Should rej use or neglect ta

make

1777*] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 52# 42$

make such payment as aforesaid, Should forfeit and lofc, for every such offence, double the sum of the said duty: and whereas the allowance of Jo long a time for the making of the entries, and for the payment of the duties as aforesaid, hath been found prejudicial to the revenue, and also to the fair trader, as evil minded and indigent persons have been encouraged thereby to make fope, and have made entry of the fope by them made, but have neglefled to pay the duty when due, and before the time that the duty could be recovered have absconded from the if refpeflive dwelling places, or by other methods have evaded the payment of the same; be it therefore further enadtedrthat, from and After June *4, after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufaod' seven hun itov^recitcd dred and seventy seven, the above recited clauses, and every arti clauses shall be cle, matter, and thing therein contained, shall be, and are here repealed, by repealed, and made null and void.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, All persons

from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand who shall seven hundred and seventy seven, all and every person whatfo the

ever, who shall make any fope, shall, weekly and every week, day abovesaid, make a true entry in writing at the next office for the duties on shall enter the fope, of all the fope by him, her, or them several ly made within same weekly each week which said entries shall contain the weight of all the

fope mentioned therein respectively, and what quantity thereof on penalty of was made at each boiling in that week, on pain to forfeit for $ol. every neglect the sum of fifty pounds: which entries shall be Entries to made upon oath by the maker of such fope, or by their chief ^t™a^con workman or servant employed in making the same, according to 0 9

the belt of their knowledge and belief.; unless such maker, workman, or servant, be a known quaker, and the solemn affirmation of such maker, workman, or servant, to the same efsect, in case he or she be a known quakef, shall and may be taken instead of such oath; and the said entries, oaths, and affirmations to verify the same, shall, for such fope as shall be made within the limits of the chief office of excise, be made with, and admimftered by, such officer or officers as shall be appointed by the commissioners for the duties on fope in England, or the major part of them, for the time being; and for all fope made in all other parts of Great Britain, with and by the collectors and supervisors of the district or division within which the respective makers of fope shall inhabit, without any fee or charge whatsoever to be taken or demanded for the same.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That Makers of

all and every person and persons whatsoever, who shall make any with!a

fope in Great Britain, shall, within one week after he, (he, ora week after they shall make, or ought to have made, such entry as aforesaid, entry.

pay and clear off all the duties for fope which shall be due from him, her, or them respectively; and that all and every such maker of fope, who shall refuse or neglect to make such payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, double the sum of the said duty whereof the payment shall be so refused or neglected; and that no such makers of fope, after such de Penalty fault in payment made, hall fell, deliver, or carry out any fope,

j g 2 until

Anno decimo feprimo Georgii lit C 52. [1777-

until he hath paid and cleared off his duty as aforesaid, on pain to forfeit double the ralue of such fope so delivered or carried our.

V Provided always, That no maker of fope shall be obliged to go or send further than the market town where his or her fopc| is made, or the neat market town to the place where his or her fope is made, for the making of such entries, or the payment of the said duties.

VI Andy for the better preventing the frauds frequently committed by diverse maters of hard fope, who light fires under their coppers pansy or other Utensils by tocm refpeflively ufid for the boiling or making of fopcy in the absence of and without the knowledge or privity of

The furnace the officers for the duties on fope\ be it enacted, That, from and dor after the twenty-fourth day of Juney one thousand seven hundred used*for make an seventy seven, the furnace door of every copper, pan, or ingof lope, other utensil used by any such maker of fope for the boiling or jba<l be fatten or making of fope, shall, and they are hereby required to be fe e^tytheoffi curdy locked and fattened by the officers of excise who survey t foetid ** such tracer, as f°on as lhe hre is dampt or drawn from under dampt, etc. every such copper, pan, or other utensil; and proper locks and keys, and all other necessary fastenings for securing the said coppers, pans, and other utensils, shall be provided by the respective lurveyors and supervisors of excise of the several districts or divisions in which such makers of fope shall respectively reside, at the expense of the respective makers in each division ordistrict: and whenever such maker of fope shall be desirous to light a fire under such copper, pan, or utensil, or to have the furnace door V thereof opened, and shall have given notice in manner as is herein after directed;; and in every such case, the officers of excise shall attend to open the same, tope makers VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, refusing to That if any such maker of fope shall refuse or neglect to pay for G sand such l°cks> keys, and other fastenings, so provided as aforesaid; her fatten any such maker of fope shall refuse or hinder the officers of ings, or hin excise from fixing such fastenings on the said furnace doors, in dering officers such manner as the said officers shall judge moil effectual for fe the^arae11* curing the same, or in locking and securing the same; then, and to forfeit. n every such case, the offender or offenders therein shall, for each offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

sope makeri VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, who want to That whenever any such maker of fope shall be desirous to have fiivnace'door the furnace door of his, her, or their copper, pan, or other unlocked, shallutenfil by him, her, or them used for the boiling or making of give ia hours fope, unlocked, and shall have given to the officer of excise of the notice to the division or district twelve hours notice, if such maker of fope h r rec within the limits of the chief office of excise in Lon

mirs'o/rtfe donor if such maker of fope shall reside in any other part of chief office in Great brita’wy twenty-four hours notice of such his, her, or their London; intention, the officer of excise fnall attend accordingly to unlock *j!houtand open the said furnace doors of fuel: copper, pan, or utensil; niiu, 3** hoursanc* by any mcaast art device, or contrivance whatsoever, any notice. person

Proviso.

1777*] Arino decimo septimo Georgii III C 52. 427

person shall open any such furnace door after the same shall have been locked and secured as aforesaid, before the same shall have been unlocked and opened by the officer of excise, or shall wilfully damage or hurt any such lock or other fattening, evcfy such person shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

IX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Surveyor, fu

when any copper, pan, or other utensil, used for the boiling or een

making of fope, or the furnace doors of such copper, pan, or uten * in thejnom fil shall be secured, as by this present alt, and by one other alt, ing and 11 in patted in the fifth year of his present Majesty, are refpeltivejy evening, directed, the surveyor and supervisor, or other superior officer of

excise, shall, at all times, between the hours of five in the morn workhouse, ing and eleven in the evening, be permitted, upon demand or and unlock request made, to enter all and every workhouse of every suchan<l examine maker of fope; and after such entry to unlock and open everyc0pp«*> copper, pan, and other utensil, by such maker of fope used for C boiling or making of fope, and also the furnace doors of every such copper, pan, or other utensil, and to examine the same; and after due examination had, such officer shall again lock and fatten every such copper, pan, or other utensil, and furnace door, and so leave them locked and secured, as by this and the said former act is directed: and if, after such request made, the door Any fope of such workhouse are not immediately opened, and such officer maker refus or officers are not immediately admitted, and permitted to enterfiefrentrance and go into such workhouse, made use of by such maker of fope; or obstructing* or if such officer or officers, being so entered into such work hi examina house, arc not permitted quietly to continue in such workhouse, hon, shall for and to unlock and open every such copper, pan, or other utensil, *clt 100 and furnace doors, to search and examine the same, and until they shall have again locked and secured the said copper, pan, or other utensil, and furnace door; or if, by any other ways or ' means whatsoever, such officer or officers shall be obstructed, hindered, or molested, in such search and examination; then, and in every such case, the offender therein shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

X And forasmuch as it is found by experience that his Majesty is very much defrauded of the duty on fope by many makers of fopey who, by private pipes, ana other private conveyances made uje of by such makers offopey do convey away the fope from the sight and view of the officer appointed to take an account of the same be it further enacted

by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty Any fope # fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy maker having seven, no maker of fope shall have or keep any pipe underground, *0p"**te or any other private pipe or other private conveyance, in or about fope°from bia his fopehouse, by which any fope, or materials making into fope, copper, etc. may be conveyed from his copper, pan, or other untenfii, used for the boiling or making of (open, into any place whatsoever, on pain to forfeit, for every such pipe and private conveyance, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds. 100

XL And, for the better discovering all such pipes and other private

G g 3 % Mi

northeast

*428 Anno decimo septimo georgh III c.52; [*777*

Officers may, conveyances, be it further enacted, That, from and after the said thne^^re twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fe fenceof a con venty^even>lt and may be law to and for the officers of liable, break the duties on fope, or any of them, in the daytime, and in the up the ground presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace (who house etcsto arc hcreby reclure t0 aiding and assisting therein) on request search for pi made, and cause declared, to break up the ground in any vate convey fopehouse, or the ground near adjoining, or any wall, partition, anpes, and or other place, to search for any such pipe or other private con

defray the veyance; and, upon finding such pipe or other conveyance, to

mt.. up the ground, house, wall, or other partition or place, through or into which any such pipe or other conveyance shall lead, and to break up or cut any such pipe or other conveyance If no such XII Provided always. That in case upon such search no such conveyance pipe or other private conveyance shall be found, such officers for

officer duties on fope shall make good the ground, wall, house, or other make fati place so broken up as aforesaid, or make reasonable satisfaction to faction fjr the owner or owners thereof, to be adjudged by two of the next

damage. jurtices of the peace, or the party injured shall be at liberty to

bring his action for the damages by him fudained: and if any ficer*1 in their” per^on or persons whatsoever shall oppose, obstruct, or hinder, search. any such officer in searching, in execution of the powers hereby given and granted, every such person shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds, stope makers XIII Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared. That may use pipe, it shall and may be lawful to and for any maker of fope to keep etc. above and make use of any pipe, or other conveyance, aboveground,

roup. which are publickand in open view from one end thereof to the

other, for the putting his fope out of the copper, pan, or utensil, used for boiling or making the same, into the known and entered frames; anything in this adfc to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV And, for the better discovering all private holes in the coppers, pans, or other utensils used in the boiling or waking of fope, be it further enac>ed, That, trom and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, all and every person who shall make fope, shall, once in every lunar month throughout the year, perfectly cleanse each and every copper, pan, or other utensil, by him used for the boiling or making of fope, and shall give three days notice at lead to the officer who surveys such maker of fope, of the particular time when he intends to cleanse the same: and when such copper, pan, or other utenlil shall be so perfectly cleansed, it shall be lawful for the officers of the duties on fope, and they are hereby required to search all and every part of such copper, pan, or other utensil, by going into such copper, pan, or other utensil, or by such other means as to such officers shall feetn mod convenient; and if, on searching such copper, pan, or other utensil, the officer shall find or discover any hole, not before known or the! we' discovered, in such copper, pan, or other utensil, such hole shall tiali°beniuble be, and is hereby deemed to be? wilfully made for the purpose of

con

msikcrij

every lunar month, shall cleanse all their copptrs, etc. used m making of fope, alter giving 3 d*ys notice to the officer.

Officer to examine the same;

and if he find any ho e not

1777*3 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 52. 429

conveying away fope from the sight and view of the officer, be tothepenau fore an account had been taken of the same; and the owner of tiesforc°n “such copper, pan, or other utensil, in which such hole shall be so*1" s °* discovered and found, fh^ll be liable to the penalties for concealing of fope, unless he, (he, or they shall prove the same to except, etc, have been made by bursting, or other accident, since the officer's last survey, and that he, (he, or they had given notice thereof to the officer of the said duties on fope, who first came thither on survey after such bursting or other accident happened: and if any If any fope such maker of fope shall, after the said twenty-fourth day of June maker shall one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, neglect perfectly {>?* :

to cleanse his copper, pan, or other utensil, soused for the make copper, etc. ing or boiling of fope, in manner, and at the time herein before or to give no directed, or to give such notice as aforesaid, or shall, by himself dee as afore or others, let, hinder, or obstruct the officer or officers of excise from searching and examining such copper, pan, or other uten officer in fil, by such means as to such officer shall seem most convenient, searching the then, and in every such case, such maker of fope shall forfeit and same, lose the sum of fifty pounds. he ffiall forfeit

XV And whereas, by an ofl made in the fifteenth year of the reign 50 * of his late majesty King George the Second (entitled An act to Recital of an empower the importers or proprietors of rum or spirits of British sugar plantations to land the same before payment of the uco* duties of excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in warehouses at their own expense; and for the relief of Ralph Barrow in re!pe6t to the duty on some rock salt, lost by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver and Dane) it was enabled. That all such rum or spirits of the growth, produce or manufacture of the British sugar plantations as Should be imported into this kingdom dtreflly from the said sugar plantations, upon the entry thereof might forthwith and before payment of the duties of excise be landed and carried and put into warehouses for that purpose provided upon the proprietor or importer giving bona as therein required and directed: and it was further enabled That the proprietor or importer of such rum or spirits foto be lodged in such warehouses Should affix one lock to every futb warehouse and the key of such lock to remain in the cufiody of such proprietor or importer; and for the officer of excise attending such warehouse, to provide one other lock for such warehouse and to keep the key thereof; and that the proprietor or importer Should and might in prejince of the said officer vie w, examine and take out the rum and spirits in manner as therein is dire fled: and whereas no particular penalty is imposed on such proprietor or importer of such rum and spirits put into such warehouses, whojhall fraudulently open the door of such ware house or warehouses in the absence of the said officer of excise or ware bouji} keeper whereby some evil minded per sobs have aflually been encouraged by false keys to open the said warehoujes in the nighttime, and in the absence of the officer of excise to go into futb warehouses 5 for the more effeflual preventing such fraudulent praslices, be it en If any proprie. acted, That it any proprietor or importer of rum or spirits, lodged tor or import and piit into any warehouse or warehouses under the direction flofet™, etc pd authority of the said recited at, shall, by any means, act, wasioufe™*

Gg4 devise, under thedi.

430

region of the above recited act, shall open the same, ex cep" w the pr fence of the proper officei, toe shall forfeit 5001*

For % year after the paf ling of this act, the same drawbacks shall be allowed on shipping rum, etc. to be (pent on.

. board in any voyage be yond the Teas, as are given by any atts now in force on the exportation of rum as merchandise.

No allowance to be made for any such rum shipped in any cuk less than ioo gallons) or on board any vessel un ‘der too tonnes.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 52. [1777*

devise, or contrivance whatever, open any such warehouse or warehouses, except in the presence of the proper warehouse keeper, or other officer of excise, whose business it is to attend with the key to open the same then, and in every such case, every such importer or proprietor shall forfeit and Iofe, for every such offence, five hundred pounds.

XVI For encouraging the exportation of rum and Jpirits, of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the British sugar plantations in America, from this kingdom, as tores to be spent and consumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the feasy be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That during the term of two years, from and after the paffingof this present al, the same drawbacks and allowances, which arc given by any former actor a As of parliament, now in force, on the exportation of such rum to parts beyond the Teas as merchandise, shall be allowed and paid to the merchant or merchants, on his, her, or their shipping any such rum as.(lores, to be spent and consumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the seas: : when any merchant or merchants shall be desirous of shipping any such rum as (lores as aforesaid, and shall give five days notice thereof to the respective coramif fioners of excise fdr the time being, or to such other person or persons as they shall from time to time appoint for that purpose, mentioning in such notice the exa6l destination of the intended voyage, the tonnage of the ship or vessel, and the number of the mariners intended to be employed in navigating the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of excise, or the person or persons foto be appointed by them as afortsaid, to afeertain the quantity of such rum which shall be shipped on board such ship or vessel as (lores, and for which such drawback and allowances shall be paid and made, and also the size and marks of the cask or casks in which such spirits shall be so shipped; and on oath bein made, before any one or more of the said commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace for the county or place from whence any such rum is intended to be exported, or before such other person or persons as (hail be authorised as aforesaid by the said commissioners of excise for that purpose, that the same are to be shipped as (lores to be spent and consumed in the voyage, the merchant or merchants shipping the same shall be paid the same drawbacks, and have the same allowances for rum fp shipped, as if such rum had been exported as merchandise; provided always, That neither the said drawback or allowance, or any other drawback or allowance, shall be made or be paid for any quantity of such rum which shall he exportedor shipped for (lores as aforesaid in any caflc which shall contain .*$ than one hundred galions, nor shall any such drawback or allowance whatsoever be made or paid for any quantity of rum which shall be so exported or shipped for (lores as aforesaid 00 board of any vessel or vessels of less burden than one hundred tonnes; but that all such rum shall be exported and shipped, in all respects not otherwise directed by this present act. under the same rules, regulations, and penalties, as are prescribed

’ ' py

43*

1777-] Anno dcdmo leptimo Georgii III c.53.

by any former a ft or acts of parliament now in force relating to the exportation of spirits drawn or made in Great Britain as (lores, to be (pent and consumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the Teas.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalties and That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this forfeitures aft, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such how todbc*5" ways, means, and njethods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, applied.*™* is or may be sued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or

laws of .excise; or by aft ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty’s courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively 5 and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, nd the other moiety to him or them who shall difcpver, inform, or sue for the lame.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persont pro that if any person or persons shall at any time be sued, moled ^ec^riortof^ ed, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done in purfu jhiya^may ance or by colour of this act, or of any matter or thing in this plead the ge a contained; such person and persons shall and may plead the neral general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence,

in his or their defence or defences: and if afterwards a verdict

shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or

plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their

action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him,

her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant and cover

or defendants shall have treble costs .awarded to him or themtreb C cost'

against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LIII

An act to promote the reftdence of the parochial clergy, by mating provision for the more Jpeedy and effectual building, rebuilding, r pairingy or purchasing houjes, and other nectffary buildings and tenement syfor the use of their bene fries.

WHEREAS many of the parochial clergy, for want of proper Preamble.

habitations, are induced to re side at a dijlance from their bene ficiesy by which means the parijbioners lose the advantage of their in

Jlruftion and hofpitalityy which were great objefls in the original di fribution of tytkes and glebes for the endowment of churches: for remedy whereofy may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembied, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the twenty-fourth Incumbent of day of Juney one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, any ecclefiafti whenever the parson, vicar, or other incumbent, of any eccle caumngf fiaftical living, parochial benefice, chapelry, or perpetual curacy, £ being under the jurisdiction of the bishop or other ecclesiastical etc. # ordinary, whereon there is no house of habitation, or such house

i

43*

patron)

may borrow money to build one.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III c.53. [1777.'

is become so ruinous and decayed, or is so mean, that one year's neat income and produce of such living will not be sufficient to build, rebuild, or put the same, with the necessary offices belonging thereto, in sufficient repair, shall think fit to apply for the aid and assistance intended to be given by this act, it (nail and may be lawful for every such parson, vicar, or incumbent (after having procured, from tome skilful and experienced workman or surveyor, a certificate, containing a state of the condition of the buildings on their refpechve glebes, and of the value of the timber and other materials thereupon, fit to be employed in such buildings or repairs, or to be sold, and also a plan and estimate of the work proposed to be done (such state and estimate to be verified upon oath, taken before some justice of the peace, or master in chancery, ordinary or extraordinary) and laid the same, together with a just and particular account in writing, signed by him, and verified upon oath, taken as aforesaid, or the annual (with the profits of such living, before the ordinary and patron of the LIV ©rdinarjtand al obtained their consent to such proposed new buildings or repairs, by writing under their respective hands, in the form for that purpose contained in the schedule hereunto annexed) to borrow and take up at interest, in the manner hereafter mentioned, such sum or sums of money as the said estimate shall amount unto, after deducing the value of timber or other materials which may be thought proper to be sold, not exceeding two years neat income and produce of such living, after deducing all rents, stipends, taxes, and other outgoings, excepting only the salaries to the assistant curate, where such a curate is neceffa uu.tgage ry > anc as a Purity fr the money foto be borrowed, to mort - - t^c gebe, tithes, rents, and other profits and emoluments,

arising or to arise from such living, to such person or persons who shall advance the same, by one or more deed or deeds, for the term of twenty-five years, or until the money foto be borrowed, with interest for the same, and such costs and charges as may attend the recovery thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied, according to the terms, conditions, true intent and meaning of this at; which mortgage deed or deeds shall be made in the forms or to the effect for that purpose contained in the said schedule, and shall bind every succeeding parson, vicar, or incumbent, of such living, until the principal and interest, costs and charges, shall be paid off and discharged, as fully and effectually as if such successor had executed the same.

II And be it further enacted, That every such mortgagee shall ^ oexe. cxecute a counterpart of every such mortgage, to be kept by the terpart of the incumbent for the time being; and a copy of every such deedjaf mortgage, to mortgage shall be registered in the office of the registrar of the be kept bythebifhop of the diocese where the parish lies, or other ordinary incumbent, having episcopal jurisdiction therein for the time being, after having been first examined by him with the original; which officer shall register the same, and be entitled to demand and receive the sum of five (billings, and no more, for such register; ?m.d.. every lqch deed shall be referred to upon all necessary occasions

the glebe, tithes, etc. for 25 years.

Every morte.

411

1777*3 Anno decimo septimo georgii III c.53.

fions, the person inspecting the same paying one shilling for every such search; and the said deed, or a copy thereof, certified under the hand of the registrar, shall be allowed as legal evidence, in case any such mortgage deed shall happen to be lost or destroyed.

III Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when 0n failure of

ever the principal and interest, directed to be paid to the mort and

gagee under the several provisions of this af, shall be in arrear interest for 4® and unpaid, for the space of forty days after the same shall be daysafterdue, come due, it shall and may be lawful for such mortgagee, his mortgagee executors, administrators, or assigns, to recover the same, and the my dlltrain* cods and charges attending the recovery thereof, by didrefs and

sale, in such manner as rents may be recovered by landlords or leflors from their tenants by the laws in being.

IV And be it further enacted. That the money foto be bor Money borrowed shall be paid into the hands of such person or persons as rowed to be shall be nominated and appointed to receive and apply the same

for the purposes aforesaid, by the ordinary, patron, and incum ordinary, etc. bent, by writing under their respective hands, in the form for shall appoints that purpose contained in, the said schedule, after such nominee shall have given a bond to the ordinary, with sufficient surety, in double the sum foto be borrowed or raised, with condition for his duly applying and accounting for the same according to the directions of this act; and the receipt of the person or persons foto be nominated shall be a sufficient discharge to the person or persons who shall advance and pay the money: and the person who or persons, foto be nominated, shall enter into contracts with proper persons for such buildings or repairs as shall be approved etc. and see by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, and shall be specified in the same exe an indrument written upon parchment, and signed by them, incuted. and the form for that purpose contained in the said schedule; and for them shall inspect and have the care of the execution of such contracts, and shall pay the money for such buildings and repairs, according to the terms of such agreements, and shall take proper receipts and vouchers for the same; and as soon as such buildings or repairs shall be completed, and the money paid, shall make out an account of his receipts and payments, together with the vouchers for the same, and enter them in a book, fairly written, which shall be signed by him, and laid before the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, and examined by them; and when allowed, by writing under their respective hands, in the form for that purpose contained in the said schedule, such allowance shall be a full discharge to the person so nominated, in rcfpedfc to the said accounts; and if any balance shall remain in the hands of such nominee or How the ba nomioees, the same shall be laid out in some further lading im lance remaia provements in building upon such glebe, or shall be paid and ap ^rajj plied in discharge of so much of the said principal debt asdlp0c ° such balance will extend to pay, at the discretion of the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, or two of them, of which the said ordinary to be one, by order signed by them, in the form for that pnrpofc contained in the said schedule $ an account

hall

Goot e

434

Anno dfcctmo septimo georgii III C 53. [177yl

shall also be kept, made out, and allowed, of such further disbursements, in manner aforesaid: all which accounts, when made out, completed, and allowed, shall be deposited, with the vouchers, in the hands of the said registrar, and kept by him for the use and benefit of the incumbents of such living for the time being, who shall have a right to infpedl the same whenever oc dafion shall require, paying to such registrar, or deputy registrar, the sum of one shilling for every such inspection.

Ordinary to V Provided always, and be it further enacted. That every cebe nacle^f ^uch ch ordinary, before he or they shall signify his or their the condition c°nsent, in manner aforesaid, shall cause an inquiry to be made, of the build, and certified to him or them by the archdeacon, chancellor of the ings when the diocese, or other proper persons living in or near the parish where I incumbenten such buildings are proposed to be made or repaired, in the forms i hv7ng?etc.c or t^lat purp°k specified in the said schedule, of the date and 1 * # condition of such buildings at the time the incumbent entered 1

upon such living or benefice, how long such incumbent had en } such living or benefice, what money he had received, or may be entitled to receive, for dilapidations, and how and in what manner he had laid out what he had so received; and if it shall appear to them that such incumbent had, by wilful negligence, suffered such buildings to go out of repair, then to certify the same to the said ordinary, and also the amount of the damage which such buildings had sustained by the wilful neglect of fuclhncumbent; and such incumbent, if tne ordinary require it, shall pay the same into the hands of the nominee or nominees to be appointed under the authority of this at, towards defraying the expenses of building or repairs, before the ordinary shall give his consent as aforesaid.

directions for V I. And be it further enacted, That the incumbent of every payment of such living or bencfice, in cases where such mortgage or mongages ind^ntereft of be mac*c as an bis successors for the time being,

the mort shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to pay the in

gauges. tercft arising upon every such mortgage, yearly, as the same shall

become due, or within one month after, and ^ifo five poundsper Every incum centum per annum^oi the principal remaining due, by yearly pay bent who shall ments; and that every such incumbent who shall not reside not reside xo twenty weeks in each year upon such living, computing such year year upontts from the date of the said mortgage deed, shall, instead of the said living, shall sum of five pounds per centum pet annum, pay the sum of ten pay iol. per pounds per centum per annum, of the principal remaining due, by cent, of the yearly payments, such payments to be respectively qpade at the antevery in * ^ame time ^uch interest shall be paid, until the whple principal cambent pay money and interest shall be fully paid and discharged; and that ingoniy 5i. every such incumbent who shall pay only five pounds per centum percent, per per annum of such principal money, shall, at the time he pays the principal to ^ame> produce and deliver to the mortgagee a certificate under produce a cer the hands of two reeftors, vicars, or officiating ministers, of same tificate of his parishes near adjoining, signifying that he had resided twenty residence, weeks upon the said living or benefice, within the year for which hands of two ^uch Payment became due according to the regulations aforesaid; reftorj, etc. which

1777*1 a°no decimo septimo Georgii III C 53.' 435

which certificate shall be in the form, or to the effefl, contained and aiioon in the said schedule; and that every such incumbent shall, annu corn

ally at his own expense, from the time such buildings, authorised p‘t0 jn_ to be made by this att, shall be completed, insure, at one of the fare them public offices established in London or Westminster for insurance again! fire, of houses and buildings, the house and other buildings upon such glebe, again! accidents by fire, at such sum of moneyas shall be agreed upon by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent; and in default of the payment of either the principal or tnterect, in manner aforesaid, or neglect of the incumbent to make such insurance, the ordinary shall have power to sequester the profits of the living till such payment or insurance shall be made.

VII And) in order that the payment of such yehr may he justly and equitably afcertqined and adjufied, between the fuccejfor, and the par

Jon, vicary or incumbent, avoiding such living or benefice by death or ctberwife, or his representativesy in case of death or other avoidancey in such proportions as the profits of such living Shall have been received by them refipeflivelyy for toe year in which such death or avoidance Shall happen; be it further enacted. That in case any difference oor t ion? n shall arise in adjufttng or settling the proportions aforesaid, the the annual same shall be determined by two indifferent persons, the one to payment, in be named by the said successor, and the other by the person make calc of death, ing such avoidance, or his representatives, in case of his death; or<*her and in case such nominees shall not be appointed within the space av01 ancc# of two calendar months next after such death or avoidance, or if they cannot agree in adjusting such proportions within the space of one calendar month after they shall have been appointed, the same shall be determined by some neighbouring clergyman, to be nominated by the ordinary, whose determination shall be final and conclusive between the parties; which nominations and determinations shall be made according to the forms for that purpose contained in the said schedule, as near as conveniently may be.

VIII And be it further enabled. That where there shall be no The ordinary

house of habitation upon any ecclesiastical living or benefice, so any described as aforesaid, exceeding in clear yearly value one hun ^r^nn.which dred pounds per annumy or being one, the same shall be so mean, has no proper or in such a date of decay as aforesaid, and the incumbent shall not house or habi reside in the parish twenty weeks within any year, computing the *?*, 0kn» .maf same from the first day of January, it shall be lawful for the or 5cn*t neglett1" dinary of such living or benefice, with the consent of the patron to make ap (in case the incumbent shall not think tit to lay out one year’s plication, etc.) income, where the same may be sufficient, to put the houle and Procure an buildings in proper and sufficient repair, or to make such applica and^oceed tion as aforesaid, for building, repairing, or rebuilding such par jn theexecu fonage house) to procure such plan, estimate, and certificate, 'as tionpf this herein directed, and at any time, within the course of the succeed,, '

ingyear, to proceed in the execution of the several purposes of this

aft, in such manner as the parson, vicar, or incumbent, is hereby retted to pro authorised and directed to proceed and to make and execute such coed.

mort

436

All money received for dilapidations, etc. shall be applied in part of the payments under the aforesaid e (finite

or in making fomeaddition al improvements, etc.

Where new

buildings are .necessary for the reiidence of the incumbent, the ordinary etc. may purchase any convenient house, within one mile of the] church i

and a certain portion of land.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 53.' [17777

mortgage as aforesaid 5 which shall be binding upon the incumbent and his successors, and he and they shall be, and are hereby made liable to the payment of the interest, principal, and costs 5 and every such incumbent, and his representatives, shall be, and are hereby also made respectively liable to the proportion of the payments for the year which shall be growing at the time of the death of such incumbent, or avoidance of such living, according to the directions aforesaid; which said interest, principal, and costs, and proportion of payments growing at the time of the death of such incumbent or avoidance, shall and may be recovered against such incumbent, his successors, or representatives, respectively, by action of debt, in any court of record.

IX And be it further enacted. That all sum and sums of mo rey recovered of received, by suit or compositions, from the representatives of any former incumbent of such living or benefice, and not laid out in the repairs of such buildings, shall go and be applied in part of the payments under such estimate as aforesaid; and that all money thereafter to be recovered or received, in case the same cannot be had before such buildings are completed, and the money paid for the same, shall be applied, as soon as received, in payment of the principal then due, as far as the same will extend; or in case the said mortgage money shall have been discharged, all such money arising from dilapidations shall be paid into the hands of the nominee to be appointed as aforesaid, or of some other person or persons to be nominated by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, in case such nominee shall be dead, or shall decline to at therein, to be laid out and expended in making some additional buildings or improvements upon tl^e glebe

of such living or benefice, to be approved by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent; and in the mean time, or in case such buildings shall not be necessary, then in trust, to lay out the same in government or other good securities, and pay the interest thereof to the incumbent for the time being.

X Provided always, and be it further enabled. That where new buildings are necessary to be provided or erected for the habitation and residence of the rector, vicar, or other incumbent, pursuant to the authority hereby given, it shall and may be lawful for the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, of every such living or benefice, to contract, or to authorise, if they shall think fit, the person foto be nominated by them as aforesaid, to contrats, for the absolute purchase of any house or buildings, in a situation convenient for the habitation and residence of the rector or vicar of such living or benefice, and not at a greater distance than one mile from the church belonging to such living, benefice, or chapelry: and also to contra for any land adjoining or lying convenient to such house or building, or to the house or building belonging to any parochial living or benefice, having no glebe lying near or convenient to the same, not exceeding two acres, if the annual value of such living, to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall be left than one hundred pounds per annum nor two acres

o for

1777-] Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii III C 53; 437

for every one hundred pounds per annum, if of greater value, and to cause the purchase money for such house or buildings to be paid out of the money to arise under the powers and authorities, of this act; in all which cases the said buildings and lands shall be conveyed to the patron of such living or benefice, and his heirs, in trust, for the foie use and benefit of the rector, vicar, or other incumbent of such living or benefice for the time being and their successors, and shall be annexed to such church or chapel, and be enjoyed, and go in succession with the same for ever; but no contrail so made by the nominee shall be valid, until confirmed by the ordinary, patron, and incumbent, by writing under their hands; and every such purchafedeed shall be in the form or to the effect contained in the schedule hereunto annexed, and shall be regifiered in such manner, andin such office, as the other deeds are hereby directed to be regifiered.

XI Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any purchase mo such land lying near to the parsonage house and buildings, be” ” longing to such living or benefice, or to be so purchased or ex raifed^y sale, changed as aforesaid, shall be thought fit to be taken and ufedetc. of part of as a convenience for the same, the purchase money or equivalent the glebe or for such land shall beraifed and had by faleor exchange of some

part of the glebe or tithes of such living or benefice, which shall appear to the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, most convenient for that purpose; and every such sale or exchange shall be by deed, in the form or to the effect contained in the schedule hereunto annexed, and regifiered as herein before directed.

XII And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law ?vcr, J^

full for the governors authorised or appointed to regulate and im CI

perintend the bounty given by her late majesty Queen Anne for powered to the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, to ad lend certain vance and lend any sum or sums of money, not exceeding thefum8 topi, 0* sum of one hundred pounds, in respect of each living or bene of this" fice, out of the money which has arisen, or shall from time toast

time arise, from that bounty, for promoting and assisting the several purposes of this all, with refpell to any such livings or benefices as shall not exceed the clear annual improved value of fifty pounds; and such mortgage and security shall be made for the repayment of the principal sums foto be advaneed, as are herein before mentioned, but no interest shall be paid for the same; and in cases where the annual value of such living or benefice shall exceed the sum of fifty pounds, that it shall and may be lawful for the said governors to advance and lend, for the purposes of this all, any sum not exceeding two years income of such living or benefice upon such mortgage and security as aforesaid, and subject to the several regulations of this act, and to receive interest for the same, not exceeding four pounds for one hundred pounds by the year,

XIII And be it further enacted. That it shall and may bec ** lawful for any college or hall, within the universities of oxford£x^°ud and Cambridge, or for any other corporate bodies poitefled of the another

patronage corporate bo

dies patrons ofiivings, may lend any sums without interest, to aid the execution t this act.

Who is to act for any patron who shall be a minor, lu natick, etc.

Writings not liable to stamp duty.

Proviso, when the ordinary shall be a body corporate! etc.

In certain cases the content of the reftor, etc, nectflary.

Disputes touching the residence to be determined by the ordinary.

Patron, etc. to make allowance to persons for applying the money, etc..

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III 0.53. [1777*

patronage of ecclesiastical livings or benefices, to advance and lend any sum or sums of money, of which they have the power of disposing, in order to aid and assist the several purposes of this act, for the building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing, of arty houses or buildings for the habitation and convenience of the clergy, upon livings or benefices under the patronage of such college or hall, upon the mortgage and security directed by this act for the repayment of the principal, without taking any interest for the same.

XIV And be it further enacted, That whenever the patron of any living or benefice, to which the provisions of this act are proposed to be extended, shall happen to be a minor, idiot, lu natick, or same covert, it shall and may be lawful for the guardian, committee, or husband of every such patron, to tranfa$ the several matters aforesaid for such patron, who shall be bound thereby, in such manner as if he or she had been of full age, of sound mind, or same sole, and had done such aft, or given his or herconfent thereto.

XV Provided also, and be it further enacted. That all acts herein before required to be done or consented to by the ordinary and patron, shall be done by the ordinary alone, when such ordinary shall happen to be the patron of the living; and that no deed, bond, transfer, or other writing, instrument, or proceeding, made, had, or done, under the powers or authority of this act, shall be charged or chargeable with any stamp duty, or see of office, except as herein mentioned; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI Provided always, and.it is hereby further enacted. That in all cases where any act is required to be done by the ordinary, in the execution of any of the purposes of this act, and such ordinary shall be a body corporate aggregate, every such aft shall be done and signified under the fealof such body corporate.

XVII Provided always, and be it further enacted. That where the incumbent of any chapelry or perpetual cure shall be nominated by the reftor or vicar of the parish wherein the same is situated, in every such case the consent of such reftor or vicar, together with the consent of the patron of such rectory, shall be necessary in all such matters wherein the consent of the patron is required by the former provisions of this act.

XVIII Provided likewise, and be it further enacted. That whenever any controversy or dispute shall arise, touching the residence of the incumbent, with respect to any of the matters contained in this act, the same shall be adjusted and determined by the ordinary of the diocese.

XIX Provided also, and be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the patron, ordinary, and incumbent, of any such living or benefice as aforesaid, or any two of them, of which the ordinary to be one, by writing under their hands, to make such allowance to the person or persons to be nominated by them, for the purpose of paying and applying the money so

19

1777*1; Anno decimp septimo Georgii III C 53. 43j

to be ntifed as'aforesaid, as they shall think sir, not exceeding the sum of five pounds for every one hundred pounds foto be laid out and expended as aforesaid.

XX Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all cases in what man where the patronage of any living or benefice herein before de ntr the con feribed shall be in the crowrt, and such living or benefice shall be £ent of above the yearly value of twenty pounds in the king’s books, the b^inade* consent of the crown to the several proceedings hereby autho known, in all rifed refpc6ting such living or benefice shall be signified by the cases where lord high treasurer, or first lord commifiionerof the treasury for {^eiiptlr®nal5* the time being; but if such living or benefice shall not exceed own. m # the value of twenty pounds in the king’s books; such consent

shall be signified by the lord high chancellor lord keeper, or commissioners of the great seal for the time being; or if such living or benefice (hail be within the patronage of the crown in right of the duchy of Lancaster, then such consent shall be signified by. the chancellor of the duchy for the time being, by writing under their respective hands, in the form or to the effect for that purpose contained in the schedule hereunto annexed; and that in all such cases where such deed is hereby required to be executed by the patron as well as the ordinary and incumbeot, such deep shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, if executed by the ordinary and incumbent only, after such consent shall have been obtained as aforesaid from the said lord high treasurer, first com mi (Goner of the treasury, lord chancellor, lord keeper, lords comchiifioners of the great seal, or chancellor of the duchy of Lancaster respectively, as the case shall be, pro vided such consent mall be registered at the register office aforefcid..,

XXI And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be ^rdlo£®* lawful for any archbi(hop or bishop of any diocese, and also for "ont^n any any ecclesiastical corporation foie or aggregate, being lord or lords waste lands of any manor, within which there shall be any waste or common convenient for lands, parcel of the demesnes of such manor, lying convenient tic p.ur^fti for the house and buildings, and other the purposes of this a, jj™ aram a to grant a part or parts of such waste or common lands in per part thereof in petuity for the several purposes of this' acts, leaving sufficient perpetuity, common for the several persons having right of common upon elc*

such wastes or commons, and obtaining the consent of the lessee of such lands, if the same shall be in lease.

Vox.. XXXI Hh

IS CHE

v^oosle

Anno decimo feptlmo Georgii III c.jft. [1777-

SCHEDULE

To which the Bill refers.

FORM of tbi CONSENT of the ordinary and patron,

(to be written on parchment.)

^ B. rector, vicar, &tr. fax the case Shall be) of the paristi, chapelry, r perpetual curacy, fax sir case ball be) of in the county of under the jurisdiction of the

Ordinary, having produced to us the said ordinary, and patron of the said church and living, a certificate under the hand of a skilful and experienced workman,

or surveyor, of the (late and condition of the buildings upon the

f lebe belonging to the said church, * chapelry, or perpetual curacy, as the case ball be) and of the valine of the timber, and other materials, thereupon, fit to be sold, or employed about such buildings 5 and also a plan, made by the said of the work proposed to be done by new buildings and repairs upon the said glebe, and an estimate of the expense attending the same, after applying the said materials, or the money to arise from the sale thereof, in such buildings and repairs; and also a particular account in writing, signed by the said A. BOF the annual profits of such living, and of the rents, stipends, taxes, and other outgoings annually issuing thereout, verified upon oath, pursuant to tne directions of au act, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his majeftv King George the Third, to promote the reftdence of the parochial clergy, by making provlfion for the more speedy and cjfeflual building, rebuilding, r pairingy or purchaftng houfesy and other necessary buildings and tenements for the vfe of their benefices; and having considered such certificate, plan, and account: now, we do approve thereof; and do consent, that such buildings and repairs shall be made as therein specified; and that the said A. B. do borrow and take up at interest the sum of y being the

estimate of the expenses, after deducting the value of the timber, and other materials, thought proper to be sold, and which appears to us, from the said account, a sum not exceedfng two years neat income and produce of the said living; which money is to be paid to (a person nominated

by us and the said A. 2?.) and applied according to the direction of the said act.

FORM

1777*] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 53;

44 f

FORM of the MORTGAGE.

THIS indenture, made the day of

in the year of the

reign of his Majesty and in the year

of our Lord ^ between the reverend

rector or vicar, fcfr. of the parish church, curacy, or chapelry, of in the county

of and the diocese of the bishop of

of of the one part; and

of of the other part.

Whereas the said pursuant to the

directions of an act, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign * of his majesty King George the Third, entitled, An act to promote the refideme of the parochial clergy, by making provifm for the more speedy and ejfeftual buildings rebuilding, repairing or purchaftng houses, and other necessary buildings and tenements, for the use of their benefices, hath obtained the consent of the ordinary of the said diocese, and the patron of the said church and living, to borrow and take up at interest the sum of

to be laid out and expended in building, rebuilding, or repairing (as the cafe/ball be) the parsonage houle, and other necessary of,, upon the glebe belonging to the said church, chapel, or curacy, as appears by an instrument, signed by the said ordinary aid patron, hereunto annexed: and whereas the said

hath agreed to lend and advance the sum of, upon a mortgage of the glebe, tithes,

rents, and other profits and emoluments, of the said living, pursuant to the direction and the true intent and meaning df the said act: now this indenture witnesseth, That the said

in consideration of the sum of five (billings to him in hand paid, and of the sum of

paid at or before the sealing and delivery hereof, into the hands of (a person or persons (as the case Shall be)

nominated by the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, to receive the same, pursuant to the direction of the said act (which nomination is also hereunto annexed) and which receipt of th laid sum of the said

have or hath acknowledged, by an endorsement on the back of this deed) hath granted, bargained, sold, and demised, and by these presents doth grant, bargain, fell, and demise, unto the said,,

executors, administrators, and assigns, all the glebe lands, tithes, rents, moduses, compofitioos for tithe, salaries, stipends, sees, gratuities, and other emoluments and profits whatsoever, arifiug, coming, growing, renewing, or payable to the rector, vicar, or incumbent (as the case ball be) of the find living in refpeef thereof, with all and every thejr rights, privileges, and appurtenances thereunto belonging, ' to have, hold, receive, take, and enjoy the said premises, with, H h 2 thefr

Anno decimo feptlmo geoagii III C 53. [1777.

their and every of their appurtenances, unto the said

his executors, administrators, and alligns* from henceforth, for and during the term of years,

fully to be complete and ended, in as full, ample, and beneficial manner, and with such remedies and powers for obtaining and recovering the same, and every part thereof, to all intents and purposes, as the said

his successors, re&ors, vicars, Wr. (as the case fall be) of the said church, could or might, or ought to have held, enjoyed, received, taken, or recovered the faqae, if these presents had not been made:

[And the said AB for himself.

In cases where the mortgage by this alt dir eft ed is to be irttide by the ordinary and patron alone, without the incumbent, this co

his heirs, executors, and admi ftrators, doth hereby covenant promise, and agree, to and with the said

venant and proviso are to be Hiis executors, administrators, and omitted, and the form is to be assigns, That he the said A. 5* varied in such other respects as during the time he shall continue fall be necessary rector, vicar, lac. of the said

J parish and parish church, shall and will well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, unto the said

his executors, administrators, or 'assigns, interest for the said sum of

or lo much thereof as shall remain due at the end of every year, to be computed from the day of the date of these presents, after the rate of per centum per annum,

by yearly payments, the first of the said payments to begin and be made on the day of

next; and also, at the several times before mentioned for payment of the interest, as aforesaid, shall and will well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, the sum of five pounds per centum per annum of the principal which remained due at the beginning of the year in which every such payment is to be paid, in case the said A. B. shall be resident upon the said living for the time mentioned in, and according to the true intent and meaning of the said a; and in case the said A. B. shall not reside upon the said living during the time mentioned in, and according to the true intent and meaning of the said ad, he shall pay, or cause to be paid, the sum of ten pounds per centum per annum of the said principal money, by such yearly payments as aforesaid, instead of the said sum of five pounds per centum per annum and shall and will continue suchrefpedive payments of the said interest, and on account of the said principal money, so long as he shall continue rector, vicar, lac (as the case fall be) of the said parish and parifn church, unless all the said principal money, a, nd interest for the same, shall be sooner paid and discharged. Provided always, and these presents are upon this condition, That if the said A. B. and his successors, shall well and trulypay, or cause to. be*paid, the said principal money, and interest for the same, in manner and at the times aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of the (kid ad, and of these presents, and also all

cost

443

1777*] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 53.'

coftsand charges which shall have been occasioned by the nonpayment thereof, these presents, and everything herein contained, shall.eeafe and be void, ] Provided also. That it shall and may be lawful for the said A. B, and his successors, peaceably and quietly to hold, occupy, possess, and enjoy, al and singular the said glebe lands, tithes, rents, modules, composition for jtyt^hes, (Upends, sees, gratuities, and othir emoluments and profits whatsoever, arising, or to arise, from or in respect of the said living, until default shall be made by him or them respectively in the payment of the interest and principal, or some part part^thpreotf, at the .times and in the manner aforesaid. In witneik, V #

of a clergyman by the bishop, to settle any difpuu.. about the proportion of the, payments wifbin the year in which, any avoidance fbau happen.

I The right reverend ^ bishop of

pursuant to the authority of an act, parted in the seventeenth year of the reign of hisjnajefty King George the Third, entitled. An ad? to promote the reftdence of the parochial clergy, by making provision for the more Jjpeedy dnd effectual buildings rebuilding, repair ingy or pur chasing houses, and other necessary buildings and tenements, for the use of their benefices, do hereby nominate the reverend being a clergyman Within my said dioceie, to adjust and determine the matter in dilute between the reverend cleric, the present incumbent of the

redory, vicarage, cof within my diocese,

and the representatives of the

the last incumbent (in cdfiof his death) or the said (in case of his resignation or promotion) concerning the due proportion to be paid by each of the said parties of the principal and interest which accrued due within the year in which such death or other avoidance happened, according to the direction, true intent, and meaning of the said ad. Given under my hand, this day of

AWARD and DETERMINATION of the clergyman nominated

by the bishop.

I The reverend A. B. of in the county of

and diocese of the bishop of clerk, having been nominated by the said bishop, pursuant to the power given by an ad, parted in the seventeenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, entitled. An ad! to promote the reftdence of the parochial clergy, by making provfion for the more speedy and effectual building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing) oouses, and other necessary buildings and tenements, for the use of their benefices, to adjust and determine the matter in dispute bell h 3 tween

Anno decimo septimo georgii III C 53. [1777*

tween the reverend clerk, the present

jncutpbent of the rectory, vicarage, lie. of within the said diocese, and the repre

feptatives of the last incumbent [in case of his death) or the said

(in case of his rejig nation or promotion) concerning the due proportibn to be paid by each of the said parties, of the principal and intpreft which accrued due within the year in whfph such (death or avoidance) happened, according to the direction and true intent and meaning of the said a Stand having heard and duly congdered the said matters fp referred to me as aforesaid, do aiward, adjudge, and determine, That the said shall pay, in respect of the interest and

principal which became due within the year aforesaid, the sum of and that the said Shall pay, in respect of the same, the sum of being the remainder thereof, according to the provision and direction of the said act. Given under ipy hand, this day of

APPOINTMENT of the NOMINEE,

[to he wrote ffl parchment.)

WE whose names are subscribed, being the ordinary, pa * tron, and incumbent, of the rectory, vicarage, lie. of within the county pf and diocese of the bjfhpp of do hereby

nominate and appoint of

to receive the money authorised to be railed by an act, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the entitled. An act to promote the rejtdence of the parochial clergy by mating provision for the more fpeeay and effectual bpilding* rebuilding repairing or purebqfmg* houses, and other necejjary build ings and tenements for the uje of their benefices for the purpose of building, rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing, the parsonage house, lie. [os the case shall be) to the fpid rectory, vicarage, lie. belonging, and to pay and apply the same, and to enter into contracts with proper persons for such buildings or repairs, and to inspect and take carp of the execution of such contracts, and so take such receipts and vouchers, keep such accounts, and do and perform all such other matters and things, which nominees are authorised and required to do and perform in and by thp said act, the said having given security for

the due application thereof, according to thp direction of the (kid

pct. Given under our hands, thi$ '

day of ' f

form

1777'] Anno dcctrao septimo Georgii III C 53.

FORM of ORDER of ti ordinary, patron and incumbent, for 'j laying out or applying the Jurplus money.

WE whose names are subscribed, being the ordinary, patron, fnd incumbent, of the redory, vicarage, cof in the county of and diocese of the bishop of do hereby order.

That the sum of now remaining in the

bands of the person nominated and

appointed to receive and apply the money raised for building, repairing, (Ac. the parsonage house, (Ac. belonging to the said rectory, vicarage, (Ac. under the at of parliament, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, entitled. An act to promote the rthfente of the parochial elergy* by mating provifm for the more speedy and ejfeftual building, rebuilding repairing or pur chasing houfe5, and other necessary building! and tenements for theufeof their benefices shall be [paid to being the person entitled to receive the money now remaining due on the mortgage made of the glebe lands, tithes, and other profits and emoluments of th? said living, and applied in part of payment thereof, pqrfqant to the direction of the said act] or [applied in building or repairing, (Ac. ( describing the same) upon the glebe belonging to the said living.] Given under our hands, this day of

FORM of CERTIFICATE from the two clergymen f

WE, the reverend A. B. of ' in the

county of clerk, and C D. of

c|erk, being two clergymen within the diocese of the bishop of do hereby certify to the said bishop, pur' ' to the directions and instructions sent by him to us. That we have made inquiry into the date and condition of the build .ings upon the glebe belonging to the rectory, vicarage, (Ac. of within the said diocese, at the time the reverend clerk, the present incumbent thereof,

entered upon the said living, which was in or about the year of our Lord and do find

[That the same have been kept in due and common repair, without any wilful negleet, (if the case is so) or [That the same have, by wilful negligence, been suffered to go to decay, and that they have sustained damage, from a want of common arid ordinary repair, to the amount of pounds]

and we have also inquired into the money received by the said for dilapidations, from the representatives of the former incumbent, and do find. That he hath received the sum of for such dilapidations; and [that

he hath expended the whole, or thereof as the case

H h 4 may

Anno decimo septimo geqrgii III C 53. [ 1777.

may be) in the necessary repairs of the buildings] or [that the same hath not been laid out or expended in repairing, the.buijdfogs] upon the glebe belonging to the And living. Given under out; hands, this * day of

FORM of the DEED of fate, or exchange, of lands or tithes belonging to the thing or benefice.

THIS indenture, made the day of

in the year of the reign of

Jns majesty King and in the year

6f our Lord between A. B.

ordinary of the redlory, (vicarage, chaptlry, or perpetual cure, as the case Shall be) of in the

county of G. d.6f

patron of the said redlory, fcfc. and the reverend if. F. clerk, incumbent of the said redlory, ifc. of the one parr, and G. jz._of

of the other part. Whereas, ln the execution of an act, patted in the seventeenth vear of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intitule' ' att9 cheer fet forth the title of the atl), it hath been found convenient to purchase (or exchange, as the case shall be) certain lands, l?fc. [defcribeparticularly the lands pufchafed) lying near and convenient to the parsonage hotife belonging to the said redloiy, £JV. (or, if the house Ve lately pur chased) [lying near a certain menuage, house, or tenement, and buildings, lately purchased for the habitation of the minister of the faicuedlory, fio. under the powers pf the said adt] and it hath bfe^n found mofl! convenient, and agreed by the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, that the ^tebe lands [or tithes, as the case jbm be)' herein after defcvibed, belonging to the said rectory, (ic. shall be sold, toraife the Aim iof being the purchase nioney for thi

laid lands herein before described (or exchanged, if the same is to be done by exchange, in order to make an equivalent for such lands) and a contract hath been made with the said(?. (?. //. the ab folate sale, at the price or sum of * (or

exchange, as the case Shall be) of part of the glebe land (or of the tithes, as the caje fall be) belonging to the said rectory, (Ac. herein after mentioned; that is to fey, ' (here describe. the particulars of the land or tithes prepofed to be sold or exchanged) which contract is hereby ratified and confirmed by the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent: now this indenture witnetteth, That the said A. B. CZ). and E. F. in order to carry the said contra A into execution, and to fulfil the purposes of the said recited act, in pursuance of the powers thereby to them given, and in consideration of the sum of the receipt whereof

is acknowledged on the back of this deed; which sum hath been paid and applied In the purchafeof the lands herein before described; have, and each of them hath granted, bargained, and bid, (and exchahged, if thefame be by exchange) and by these presents

474

i777*j Anno decimo septimogeorglllii. €*53.

fonts do, and each of them doth grant, bargain, fdf, (and exchange, ^ by exchange) unto the said G. //. and his heirs and assigns, all, fc. (here describe the lands or tithes, as the case Jbail be) with their and every of their rights, privileges ana appurtenances, to hold to and to the use of the said G. IL his heirs and assigns for even (If done by exchange, add the following words) [in exchangfe for certain lands which belonged to the said G. HAND are, by indentures of equal date herewith, exchanged and conveyed to the said C D. in trust, for the foie use and benefit of the said. F. and his successors, rectors, vicars, V (as the case Shall be) of the said living or benefice, for the time being for ever.] And the said A. B. C D. and E. F. do hereby several ly eovenant for themselves, their several executors and administrators, to and with the said G. H. his heirs and assigns, That they, nor any of them, have or hath done apy act whereby the said lands or tithes, as the case ball be) can or may be encumbered j and that the faidg. H. his heirs and assigns, shall and may, from time to time, for ever hereafter, peaceably and quietly hold and enjoy the said glebe lands ot tithes (as the case J, hall be) according to the true intent and meaning of the said act, without any let, hindrance or interruption, of or from them, or any of them.

In witriefsj&r.

FORM of the DEED of purchase or exchange of buildings or lands to be annexed to that living or benefice.

THIS indenture, made the day of

in the year of the reign of his majesty

King and in the year of our Loid

between A. B. of ef tlje one part; C D. ordinary

of the redtory, vicarage, chapelry, or perpetual cure as the case fhcdl be) of * in the county of

F. of patron of the said redtory, C

and the reverend G. Hclerk, incumbent of the said redtory, WV. of the other part. Whereas there is no parsonage house belong tag to the said redtory, fc. or) [the parsonage house belonging to the said redtory, cis become so ruinous and decayed or so mean) that it is not fit for the habitation of the minister of the feid redtory, £ffr.] and one year’s neat income or produce of the said living or benefice will not be sufficient to rebuild or repair the said house, with the necessary offices belonging thereto: and whereas a certain message, house, or tenement, with the build tags thereunto belonging, situate in

the property of the said A 5. and lying within the distance of yards from the church (or chapel, as the case ball be) of the said redtory, tac. appears to the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, proper and convenient for the habitation and use of the minster of the said redtory, fc. [and more commodious than the present house and buildings upon the glebe of the said rectory, £sfr.] (in cases where there are any); and a contract hath been

made.

Anna decimo feprimo Georgii III 0.53*. [1777^

made, by the direction and with the approbation and content of the said ordinary, patron, arid incumbent, with the said AB. which is hereby ratified and confirmed by the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, for the absolute purchase of the said message, house, or tenement, and buildings for the price or Aim of pursuant to the directions of ah act, patted in the seventeenth year of the reign of his majesty King Georgs the Third, entitled. An afff C {fet forth the title of the a)) [And whereas a contract has likewise been made 1 with the said A. b.asy the like direction, approbation, and consent, which is hereby likewise ratified and confirmed by the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, for theabfolute purchase of the inheritance of a certain yard, garden, orchard, and piece or parcel of land (describing them particularly at the case flail be) lying near or convenient to the said meunage* house, tenement, and buildings, containing, by adr mcafurement, for the price or

Aim of which have been agreed by

the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, to be raised by the sale (or exchange) of certain lands or tithes (as the case flail be) belonging to the said rectory, C herein after described, pursuant to the powers given by the said ad; viz. (here give a full description of the lands Jo agreed to be sold); (if the equivalent is to be by exchange, then after the word incumbent left. mentioned, insert [and the said AB. to be exchanged for]certain lands^r tithes, c\asabove.)] Now this indenture witnetteth, That the said A. B. fof and in consideration of the said several sums of and to him in hand paid for the purr

chases aforesaid (if both tie buildings and lands are purcbafed for money); (but if the equivalent for the land is to be by exchange, then) [in consideration of the said sum of

for the purchase of the said mefifuage, house, or tenement, and buildings, and in consideration of the land (or tithes, as the case flail be) so agreed to be exchanged as aforesaid, and intended to be conveyed to him the said A, B. by the said ordinary, patron, and incumbent, by indenture of equal date herewith] the receipt of which said sum (or sums of money, as the case Shall be) [and acknowledgement of the said exchange] (if the equivalent for the land is to be by exchange) the said A. B. hath admitted, by an endorsement on the back of this deed, hth granted, bargained, and sold, and by these presents doth grant, bargain, and fell, (if by exchange) [hath granted, bargained, sold, and exchanged, with, and] unto the said. F. and his heirs, all, fcfr. (here insert a full description of the buildings or lands so intended to be conveyed, with their and every of their rights, privileges, and appurtenances) to hold to the said. F. and his heirs, in trull, for the foie use and benefit of the said G. H. and his successors, rc&ors, vicars, (Ac. (as the case flail be)ja the faits living or benefice for the timp

being.

inserted when the lands are purchaftd from the same person who sells the house and buildings.

*777*] Anno decimo feprimo Georgii III C 53*

being, for ever: and the said AB for himself, his heirs, executors, and administrators, doth covenant and agree to and with the said. F. and his heirs, That he hath good right to convey the said message, honfe, or tenement, and buildings, lands,

(as the cofe.shall be) and that he will warrant the lame, for the

dies and purposes aforesaid, for ever, free from all claims, charges, ?nd encumbrances whatsoever, by, from, or under him, or any of his ancestors. In witncis, (Ac.

FORM tf CERTIFICATE RESIDENCE.

WE, A. B. reftor, vicar, or officiating miniftet (as the case Shall be) of the parish of in the

diocese of clerk, and C D. rector,

vicar, er officiating minister (as the case Shall be) of the parish of within the said diocese, clerk, which said parishes of and

are near adjoining to the parish of within the

said diocese, do hereby certify, That E. F. restor, vicar, ar'in cumbent (as the case Shall be) of the said parifoaad parish church of aforesaid, hath resided upon his living

or benefice, within that parish, for the space of twenty weeks, between the day of '

and the day of last.

Given under our hands, this, day of

FORM of CONSENT where the living or benefice Shall be in the patronage of the crown, or within the duchy «/rlancafter.

WHEREAS the living or benefice of

within the diocese of is in the

patronage of the crown, and rated above or under (as the case Shall be) twenty pounds per annum in the king’s books or of the chancellor of the duchy of Lanca (as the case Shall be), and application hath been made for building, (rebuilding, repairing, or purchasing, or exchanging, as the case Shall be) the parsonage house or other buildings or land (as the case Shall be) for the use of the said living or benefice, in pursuance of the powers given for that purpose, by an ac1 passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, entitled. An to promote the residence of the parochial, by making for

the more fpeeiy and ejfeffual building,,, or pur

ebasing, houses, and other necessary buildings and, for the

use of their benefices; now I the right honourable first lord commissioner of the treasury, lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or chancellor of the duchy of, (as

if be case Shall be) being satisfied that such building, rebuilding, repairing, purchasing, or exchanging, (Ac. (as the case Shall be) will be ap improvement and advantage to the said living or benefice,

* do

do hereby content. That facb buildings, repairs, purchases, or exchanges, (as the cqft/ball he) shall be made, according to the directions and'the true intent and meaning of the said ad.

Given under tny hand, this < lay of

CAP. LIV

An act for defraying the expense of building a new goal and hire hall for the county of Westmoreland.

CAP. LV

An act for the better regulating the bat manufaitory.

WHEREAS by two ails, one made in the eighth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, (entitled, An act for uttering of caps, and for true making of hats and caps;) and the other made in the first year of the reign of King James the First, (entitled, An act for the better execution of former laws touching the making of hats and felts, and for the more restraint of unskilful and deceiveable workmanship therein used, to the wrong of all sorts of recited; people of this qgakn;) it is declared, That no person or persons Shall mate or work any felt or hat, unless he or they hall have first fervtd as apprentices to the trade or art of felt making for the space of [even years; nor jet to work any other person or persons than journeymen that ’ have lawfully served to that art and apprentices lawfully bound to that

art; nor fet to work in that art any person or persons born out of the dominions of England, Scotland, and Ireland; and that nomakers or workers of hats Shall have above the number of two apprentices at one time except their own children) nor theft for lefts term than fevm years, upon pain of the several penalties and forfeitures p/eferibed by the said refpeilive ails: and whereas, by reajon of the said ails there is a fear city of journeymen in the said business throughout this kingdom: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be eluded; and be it enacted by the king’s 190ft excellent m^efty, ty and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au and repealed, thorily of the same, That the said recited ad, passed in the eighth year of the reign of que^n tllizabeih9 (entitled. An act for uttering of (aph and for true making of hats and caps;) and also the said ad passed in the first year of the rein of King fames the First.

. An act for the better execution offormer taws touching the making of hats and felts and for the more restraint of un/kilful and deceivable workmanship therein ufed9 to the wrong of all sorts of people of this realm,) be, and hereby are totally repealed.

Matter hat Provided always, and be it further enacted. That every

makers to em matter hatmaker shall and is hereby required to take and employ ploy a jour one journeyman hatter for every apprentice he shall employ in neyman for the trade of hatmaking, provided there shall be a sufficient num prentierthev ^cr journeymen hatters, who have served as apprentices to Siail take, pro the kid trade, offer themselves for that employment; or in de vidcd a suffi fault thereof, he shall for ever thereafter be diubled from taking

more

Preamble. Acts 8 ejiz.

and 1 Jac. X

1777*] Anno decimd septimo Georgii III c.55. 451

more than two apprentices to the fid trade, in such manner ascent number he would have been if this act had not been made. of journeymea

III And whereas, by an act, made in the twenty second year of tbe°t**9* em reign of his late majtfly King George the Second, (entitled, An act /,

for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed ri£cltaq an by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in theac 11 co" *" linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot preflers, and of all persons employed in the fa d several manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages;) provifton is made for the puni/hment of such journeymen and others employed in the several manufactures of hats or felts, and other the manufactures therein men tinned, as Should at any time ad in, make, enter into, or be knowingly concerned in, any contract, covenant, or agreement, bye-law, ordinance rule, or order, for regulating the trade, settling the prices of goods, or for advancing their wages, or lejfening their usual hours of work, or who Should depart from their service before the end of their hiring, or quit or return their work before the same Should be finished according to agreement, or who Should wilfully damnify, spoil, or destroy any of the goods, wares, or work committed to their care, or wherewith they Should be intrujled; but such provifton hath been found ineffectual, by reason that the persons convicted of any such offences have a power to appeal to the justices at a quarter sessions, against any conviction, without being obliged to enter into recognizances for their appearance at futh fefftons to prosecute such appeal, and abide the order of Jucb sessions; whereby they evade the punishment inflicted by the said a8, and hold the same in contempt; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any journeyman hatter, hat maker. Any journey piece master, servant, workman, or other person whatsoever, hale a employed in the making or finishing of hats or felts, in any o^ha^ngen branch thereof, shall be convicted, in manner directed and pre tered into any bribed by the said last mentioned act, of having kept up, acted club, combi in, made, entered into, signed, sealed, onhaving been knowingly reeled concerned in, any contract, covenant, or agreement, bye-law, declared ordinance, rule, or order, of any club, society, or combination, to be illegal by the said act declared to be illegal; or of presuming or attempt mgto put anyillegal agreement, bye-law, ordinance, rule, or order, in execution; or of departing from his iervice before the end of the time for which he was hired or retained; or of quitting or or of not fi retuming his work before the same shall be finiftied according his to. agreement; or of wilfully spoiling or destroying any goods, wares, or work: every such person so convicted, before he, (he, mfnt> cfc# or they shall be entitled to appeal to the justices at the quarter * sessions against any such conviction, or before the proceedings under such conviction shall be suspended, shall enter into re shall, before cognizance, with two fufheient sureties, the principal in the sum ** allowed of ten pounds, and the two sureties in the sum of five pounds each, before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, city, or place where the offence shall be committed, for into recogni thc appearance of the person so convicted at such quarter sessions, *ance to proto fccutc the ap

45% Anno decimo septimo georgii HI. C 55. [1777.

pealf and tckprofecute such appeal, and abide the judgement and determi

*ud^cmcnt of nat*on the justices at such general quarter sessions (which re the^ufticet j * cognizances the said justice or justices of the peace are hereby im who shall ft Powercd and required to take); and the justices, in the said ge nally deter neral quarter sessions, are hereby authorised and required to hear nine the same, and finally determine the matter of the said appeal, and to award such costs, as to them ftiall appear just and reasonable, to either party: and if upon the hearing such appeal, the judgement of the justices, before whom the appellant shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such appellant shall immediately be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, in pursuance of the original order of conviction, there to remain for the time which shall have been ordered and directed in such original order, and until the appellant shall pay the costs which shall be awarded against him by the justices in such general quarter sessions of the peace on the confirmation of such order.

IV And, for the more effectual fupprejjion of all combinations among ftjourneymen hatters, and other persons employed in the said trade, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons whomsoever (whether employed in the said trade or not) shall attend any meeting, club, society, or combination, by the said last mentioned act declared to be illegal; or shall

If any person shall attend, or solicit any journeyman hatter to attend,

any such summons, give notice to, or calf upon, any journeyman hatter, unlawtuiclub# other person employed in the said trade, to attend any such

11 or€ unlawful meeting, club, society, pr combination, or to pay any sum or sums of money whatsoever, as a fine, contribution, or subscription, for the use of any such unlawful meeting, club, society, or combination; or who shall collect, demand, or receive any sum or sums of money from any journeyman hatter, or other person employed in the said trade, for any of the above purposes; or shall persuade, entice, inveigle, or intimidate, or endeavour to persuade, entice, inveigle, or intimidate, any journeyman hatter, or other person employed in the said trade, to enter into, or be concerned in any such illegal meeting, club, society, or combination, or to turn out against, or quit the service or employ of, the master hatter or master hatters, in whole service they may be employed; or if any person or persons shall pay any sum or sums of money, or make or enter into any fub money to^fup feription or contribution whatsoever, for or towards the fuppor* port me lame; or encouragement of any such illegal meeting, club, society, or combination; every such person or persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, before any two or more of his majesty’s justices of the peace for the county, city, town, or place wherein such offence shall be committed, on the oath of one or more lie shall be credible witness or witnesses, shall, for every such offence, be committed for committed to the common gaol or house of correction’ for such 3 months. county, city, town, or place, at the discretion of such justices, there to be and remain without bailor mainprize for any time not exceeding three months.

A Elia, in V And he it enacted, That so much of the act parted in the pa repealed, fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, entitled. An ail tonne

taining

or shall subscribe op pay any sum of

453

trifling diverse orders for artificers, labourers, servants of husbandry, apprentices, as extends, or may be construed to extend, to restrain any person or persons from setting up, using, occupying, / and exercising, the craft, mystery, and occupation of a matter hat maker, hat maker, or felt maker, unless such person or persons have been brought up as apprentices therein, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

VI And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no ^°a^^a.^r person or persons using or exercising the trade of a matter hat f\\*c0fpeau* maker, hat maker, or felt maker, shall, during the time of his in the execu continuing to use or exercise such trade, be capable of acting as a bon of this justice of the peace in the execution of this or any other aft re etc lative to the punittiment of any journeyman hat maker or apprentice who shall offend against this or any other act made for tin ulation of the said trade.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this™saft n aft, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be con aa^tgco. s. ftrued to extend, to repeal the said act made in the twenty second etc, year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, * '

or any of the provisions therein contained, or any of the acts therein mentioned; but that the said provisions shall remain in full force, and the penalties and forfeitures in the said acts mentioned or recited, to which offenders are respectively subjected, may be levied, recovered, and inflicted, in the same manner as such penalties and forfeitures might have been levied, recovered, and inflicted, before the making of this act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII Provided also, and be it further enacted. That it shall an^^be and may be lawful for any person convicted before one or more f jjjt1, joftice] justice or justices of the peace, of any of the offences in this act may appeal to mentioned, to appeal to the justices of the peace afiembled at the the quarter next general sessions, or general quarter sessions, to be held for ftffions»

the county, city, borough, town, liberty, or place, wherein such....

shall be made, giving immediate notice of the intention of bringing such appeal, and finding security, to the satis and finding faftionof the justice or justices before whom such conviction sufficient fecu shall have been made, for being present at such general sessions, rity for proper general quarter sessions, and for prosecuting the said appeal with efsect, and abiding the judgement of the court; and such efsect, etc. justices, in such general sessions, or general quarter sessions, shall finally hear and determine the matter, and shall have power to award reasonable costs to either party, as to them shall seem just; and if such conviction shall be affirmed at such sessions, such appellant shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for any time not exceeding three months.

IX Provided always, and be it further enacted by theautho Limitation of rity aforesaid. That noaftion shall be brought against any justice attioiu.

of the peace, constable, headborough, or otherofficer, or against any other person or persons whomsoever, for any matter or thing whatsoever done or committed under.or by virtue, or in the Execution of this act, unless fugh action shall be brought within *

.three

three calendar months next after the doing or committing such matter or thing. -

Defendant X Provided also, That if any action or suit shall hereafter be under this at commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons, for any «nendctffae, done ty virtue or in the execution of this act, such person or persons may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or suffer discontinuance, or forbear further prosecution, or if judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants, and recover such defendant or defendants shall recover double costs, for double cost. which he, (he, or they, shall have the like remedy as in cases where costs by law are given to defendants.

puwickadt. XI And be it further enacted, That this act shall be taken and allowed to be a public act in all courts within this kingdom; and all judges and justices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LVI

An act for amending and rendering more effectual the several laws now in beings for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woolien, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and flli manufactures; and also for mating provifms to prevent frauds by journeymen dyers.

Preamble. \kf H E R E A S by an a CL made in the twenty fecondyear of the; Recital of an V V reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, aftaigeo. *. An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woolien, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and (ilk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot pre(e> ers, and of all persons employed in the said several manufactures, and for the better payment of their wages;) it was enacted. That if any person or persons whatsoever, who Should be hired or employed to make any felt or bat, or to prepart or work up any wolien, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, or flli manu faclures, or any manufactures made up of wool, fur, hemp, flax, cotton, mohair or silk, or of any of the said materials mixed one with another, Should, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred andjor ty nine, purloin, embezzle, secrete, ft 1i, pawn, exchange, or otherwise unlawfully dispose of, any of the materials with which he, Jhe, or they Should be rejpectively entrusted, whether the same, or any part thereof, be or be not first wrought, made up, manufacluredjor converted into merchantable wares, and Should be thereof lawfully convicted, in manner therein mentioned, before any onrer more jujiice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, diviflon, city, liberty, town, or place, where such offence Should bo committed. Or Where the person or persons so charged Should rtfido or inhabit, it Should and might be lawful to and for the said juftict or jufttus, by warrant a under

1777*1 Anno decimo septimo Georgii IIL c.56. 455

under bis or their band and [cab or hands and seals, to .commit the person or persons so convicted to the house of corrections or other pub lick prison, of such county, riding, divifton, city, liberty, town, or place, there Jo be kept to hard labour for the space of fourteen days, and also to order the person or persons so convicted to be once publicity whipped at the marketplace, or Jome other public place, of the city, town, or place, where such offender or cjj'enders Should be respectively committed; and in case of a further conviction, in manner before preferred by the said acj, for or upon a second or aether [subsequent offence of the same kind, it Should and might be lawful to and for the jujlice or jujlices before whom such conviction Should be had, to commit the person or persons so again offending, to the house of correction, or other public prison, as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, ana also to order the person or persons Jo again offnding, to be publicly whipped at the marketplace, or Jome other publitk place of the city, town, or place, where such offender or offenders Should be respectively committed, twice, or oftener, as to such jujlice or jujlices foould appear reasonable: and whereas it is thought neeffry to vary the punifoment for the offences herein before recited; be it therefore enacted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and .commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from mu and after the first day of July, one thousand leven hundred and prescribes seventyseven, so much or the said recited act as preferibes what the punish the punilhmenrt shall be in any of the cases before mentioned, ment to be or before whom such conviction shall be had, whether for a first infixed for

offence, or a second, or any subsequent offence, shall be repealed;

.. ^... r r 1 n * etc.

and initead of inflicting the pumftiment so directed, the justices materials,

of the peace before whom the convi^ion shall be, shall commit is hereby retire person convicted to the house of correction, or other pub lick prison, there to be kept to hard labour, in the case of a first pu

offence, for any time not less than fourteen days, nor more than fubitimied in. three months; and in the case of a second or any subsequent of (lead thereof, fence, for any time not less than three months, nor more than six months; and may likewise for the first, or for any subsequent offence, order the person convicted to be once publicly whipped, if such additional punishment (lull by the said justice or justices be deemed proper.

II Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho No person to rity aforesaid. That no person or persons, who shall be charged be

with any offence or offences against the said recited act of lfie^0cmfticc»c twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George * Second, shall be liable to be convicted, unless before two or more justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed; anything contained in the said recited act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

III And whereas, by the said acl

reign of his late mr.jejly King George.... -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -^

That tf any person or persons foould buy, receive, accept, or take, by orc al way of gifts pawn, pledge, Jale, cr exchange, or in any other manner

Vol. XXXI II what

of the twenty second year of the Recital of a

* tlifi rernna. it nn/u el in tnnfisa claurein the

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 56. [1777.

whatsoever, of or from any person or persons hired or employed to make any felt or hat, qr to prepare or work tip the woolien, linen, fushan,, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, orfllk manufactures, or any manufactures made up of wool, fur, hemp, flax, cotton, mohair, or silk, or of any of the said materials mixed one with another, any tbrumbs or ends of yarn, or any other materials of wool, fur, hemp, flax, cotton, or iron, or any leather, mohair, or silk, whether the same, or any part thereof, be or be not first wrought, made up, or manufactured, knowing the person or persons, of whom he, Jhe, or they, fio buy, receive, accept, or take, the said materials, to be so hired or employed as aforesaid, and not having first obtained the consent of the person or persons Jo hiring or employing him, her, or them, who Should offer to sell, pawn, pledge, exchange, or othcrwije di.pose of, the said materials; or Should buy, receive, accept, or take, in any manner whatsoever, of or from any other person or persons whomfoevsr, any of the said materials, whether the same be or be not first wrought, made up, or manufactured, knowing the same to be Jo purloined or embezzled; then, and in every suck caj'e, the person or perj'ons so buying, receiving, accepting, or taking, anyjuch materials, being thereof lawfully convicted, in manner before prefiribed by the said act, for the conviction of persons purloining or embezzling the said materials, Should, for the first offence, forfeit the Jum of twenty pounds \ and in case the said forfeiture Should not be immediately paid, the jufiice or jujlices before whom fiuch conviction Should be had, fl)ould commit the party or parties so convicted to the honje oj correction, or aether public prison as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard labour for the space offourteen days, unless the said forfeiture Should be footer paid; and if within two days before the expiration of the said fourteen days the said forfeiture Should not be paid, the said justice or jujlices is and are thereby impewered and required to order the person or persons so convicted to be publicly whipped at the marketplace, or some other public place, of the city, town, or place, where J'uch ofllnjcr or offenders Should be respectively committed, once, or oftener, as to such justice or jujlices Should appear reasonable; and in case oj a further conviction for or upon a second or any other fiubfcqucnt offence of the same kind, the person or persons jo again offending, being thereof convicted in manner before prescribed by the said act, Should, for every second or other fuhjcquent offence, forfeit the fium of forty pounds \ and in case the Jaidforfeiture Should not be immediately paid, the jujiice or jujlices before whom J'uch conviction Should be had, Should commit the party or parlies so convicted to the house of correction, or other public prison as aforesaid, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, unless the said forfeiture Should be sooner paid \ and if within fiven days before the expiration of the time for which such offender or offenders Should be Jo committed, the said forfeiture Should not be paid, the said jujlne or jujlices is and are thereby empowered and required to or dir such offender or offenders to be publicly whipped at the marketplace, or some otlcr public place, of the city, town, or place, where he, Jhe, or they flmld be rejpeclively committed, twice, or oftener, as to such jujiice or jujlices Should appear reasonable: and the said re/pecjive forfeitures of twenty pounds and forty pounds, when recovered, ester jc tisjaction slow Id have been made tbireout to the party or parties injured,

tog

457

1777-3 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 56.

together with stich cojis of prosecution is Should be judged reasonable by the jujlice or jujliccs before whom such conviction Should have been had Should be equally distributed amongst the poor of the parish or place where the person or persons so convicted Should refde or inhabit: and whereas it is thought neieff .ry to imreofe the pecuniary penalties directed by the said recited act for the said offences lost mentioned, and to vary the application of the said penalties for the Jame, and further to change the eonfequences of nonpayment; be it therefore further enabled, That, So much of from and after the said first day of July, one thousand seven hun the said ad, dred and seventy seven, so much of the said recited act of the a the twenty second of his late majesty King George the Second, as buying enads what the penalty or punishment shall be for such buying, receiving, etc. receiving, accepting, or taking, by way of gift, pawn, pledge, sale, of any good or exchange, or in any other manner, as is described by the said in he la ad, in the terms aforesaid, and how such penalty shall be applied, C

and what punishment shall be inflicted in case of nonpayment, repealed * be repealed; and instead thereof, the penalty for the first and otherpu offence shall be any sum not more than forty pounds, nor less njfhnients fob than twenty pounds, as the justices before whom the conviction **

be shall judge to be moult proper; and every such pecuniary penalty shall be applied, under the direction of the justices before whom the conviction shall be, in manner following; (that is to say) In the first place, the expenses of the prosecution shall be thereout defrayed; and then such satisfaction shall be made thereout to the party or parties injured, as the said justices shall think proper; and afterwards so much of the said penalty shall be paid to the informer or informers as such justices shall think fit, not exceeding, in any case, ten pounds; and the remainder, if any, shall be paid and distributed to and amongst the poor of the parilhjtown, or place, where the conviction shall be, or for the use of such public charity or charities as such justices shall appoint: and if such pecuniary penalty as aforesaid shall not be paid on conviction, the said justices shall commit the person convicted to the house of corredion, or other public prison, there to be kept to hard labourfor any time not more than six months, nor less than three months, as the said justices shall think fit to direct, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid; or the said justices may send the person convicted to the house of corredion, or other public prison, there to remain for three days, exclusive of the day of commitment, with an order that within the said time the person so convicted shall be once publicly whipped at such marketplace, or other public place, as aforesaid.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, How iuft from and after the said first day of July, one thousand seven hun whenoffend dred and seventy seven, if any person or persons shall be brought ers are before any justices of the peace, and sit all he charged upon oath, brought bear (being of the people called Quakers) upon solemn affirmation, th*m or of having been guilty of buying, receiving, accepting, or taking, g *

by way of gift, pawn, pledge, sale, or exchange, or in any other manner, as is described by the said recited ad, in the terms

I i 2 a/ore

458 Anno decimo septimo georgh III C 56. [1777.

aforesaid, and it Hull appear to such justices that the person or persons so charged hath or hae been already convicted of the Ike offence for which he, (he, or they is or are then charged, that then such justices shall not proceed to convict such person or persons, but Shall commit him, her, or them to the house of correction, or some other public prison, there to remain until the next general or general quarter sessions of the peace to be held in and for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, or until fuel! offender or offenders shall have entered into a recognisance to answer for such offence at the said next general or general quarter sessions;; the justices in such general or general quarter « sessions are hereby authorised and required to take cognizance h1**1 thereof, and to hear and determine the same; and if such perfori vifttd^beicte" be convickd upon the oath, or (being of the people called

the quamr Quakers) upon the affirmation, of one or more credible witness ftflions, Hull or witnesses, the person so convicted shall forfeit and pay, for such offence, any sum not more than one hundred pounds, nor less than fifty pounds, as the said justices shall judge to be most proper; and every such penalty shall be applied and disposed of, under the direction of the said justices in their general or general quarter sessions, in such manner and proportions as the penalty herein before imposed for the first offence of the like nature is by this act directed to be applied and disposed of; and if such penalty (lull not be paid on conviction, the said justices shall commit the person so convicted to the house of correction, or other public prison, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not more than six months, nor less than three months, as the said justices shall in their discretion think fit, unleff such penalty shall be sooner paid; or the said justices may send the person convicted to the house of correction, or other public prison, there to remain for three days, cxclulive of the day of commit -- ment, with an order that within the said time such person Shall be once publicly whipped at such marketplace, or other public place as aforesaid.

V And whereas many frauds are prafiifed, in respect to such materials as aforesaid, by persons who sell them knowing them to have Persons fell purloined or embezzled; be it therefore further enacted, Thar,

1 ' ’ 5|tafuuf* ter le hist day of one thousand seven hundred and

HM o 'isav1 seventy seven, if any person Shall sell, pawn, pledge, exchange, or otherwise unlawfully dispose of, or offer to sell, pawn, pledge, th"m exchange, or otherwise unlawfully dispose of, any such materials n.ive b cn as aforesaid, whether wrought or umv< ought, mixed or unmix pill t u'bie C knowing them to have been purloined or embezzled, every ti‘, ae (4, northeast such person, lawfully convicted, Shall be liable to the same pu j. i. tiin* ehr as nilhment as he or (lie would be liable to by virtue of this act, on hc; ng convicted of receding purloined or embezzled materials,

knowing them to have been purloined or embezzled.

* VI And Valero: * suck ?ra 'trials as afore\aid, which have been

f*uf Lined or eu.hczzhd, arc ircqiunih received by persons knowing the Jam to have been Jo pur da a d or embezzled; and juan materials being

afterward

forfeit trym 50i. to tool.

or be committed, etc.

1777-1 Anno decimo septimo Georgii ITT. C 56. 459

afterwards worked up, or otherwise disposed of, renders it difficult to convict sich offenders; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of July, one How juftic thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, when a ivy person or persons shall be btought or charged upon oath, before any two personscharg or more justices of the peace, by virtue of this act, with being eh on oa»h 5 suspected of, or with having purloined or embezzled, or with with bing having received any such materials as aforesaid, whether the same be wrought or unwrought, mixed or unmixed, knowing ^7z?cdrurii the same to have been either purloined or embezzled, or received miteriab, or from some person or persons not entitled to dispose thereof, and of having rit shall be made appear upon the oath, or (being of the people called Quakers) upon the affirmation of one or more credible to have witness or witnestes, to the satisfaction of such justices, that such been em person or persons hath or have purloined or embezzled, or hath or bezzled, etc, have received any such materials as aforesaid, knowing the same to have been purloined or embezzled, or received from some person or persons not entitled dispose thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such justices or for the justices at their general or general quarter sections of the peace, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered (if they shall think fit) to convict such person cr persons of having purloined or embezzled, or of having received such materials as aforesaid, knowing the same to have been purloined or embezzled, or received from some person or persons not entitled to dispose thereof, although no proof shall be given to whom such materials belong; and the person or persons so convicted shall, for every such offence, be subject to such and the like penalties and puniftvments, at the difcrecion of such justices respectively, as persons convicted of buying or receiving any such materials as aforesaid, knowing the same to have been purloined or embezzled, are by this act subject and liable to.

VII And whereas, by the said recited act of the tivcnty fcond of King George the Second, it was also enacted, Tint if any person or persons 'ntrujled with any of the materials therein and herein before recited, > mentioned, in order to prepare, work up, or manufacture the same,

Should not use all such materials in the preparing, working up, or manufacturing, of the same, and Should negkct cr delay, for the pace of twenty-one days after such materials Should be prepared, worked\ip, or manufactured, to return (if required by the owner or owners of such materials foto do) so much of the said materials as Should not be used as aforesaid, to the person or persons intrufing him, her, or them therewith, such mglecl or delay Should be deemed a purloining or embezzling of such materials; and the person or persons so neglecting or delaying, being thereof convicted in manner therein before prefer ibed for the conviction of offenders against the said ad, Should suffer the like punishment as persons convicted of purloining or embezzling any of the materials therein before mentioned, are by the said aef rendcred subject and liable to: and whereas the pace of twenty-one days, allowed by the said recited ad, is thought too long a time to be allowed for returning the said materials, under the circumstances, and in manner aforesaid; and it may beprope- to make the punishment for not n

LI tuning

o

and altered.

Another clause of the said ad recited,

Anno decimo septimo georgh III C 56. [ 1777-

turning such materials the same as for purloining or embezzling under this act; be it therefore further enacted, That, frbcn and after the said first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, so much of the said recited act as allows twenty-one days after the preparing, working up, or manufacturing the said materials, for returning so much of the said materials as shall not be used in such preparing, working up, or manufacturing, and declares that the punishment for not so returning the said materials within the said time, shall be the same as under the said act is directed for purloining or embezzling, shall be repealed $ and only eight days shall be allowed for returning the said materials in manner aforesaid; and the punishment for not returning them within the said eight days shall be the same as is by this act directed to be inflicted for purloining or embezzling.

VIII And whereas, by the said act of the twenty fecondyear of the reign of his late maiejly King george the Second, it is tnafted. That, from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, if any person who should be hired, retained, or employed, to prepare or work up any of the manufafturet therein before mentioned, for any one master, should neglect or refute the performance thereof, by procuring or permitting himself or herself to be Jubfequently retained or employed by any other master or person what soever, before he or Jhe should hove completed the work which be or Jhe was first and originallyfo hired, retained, or employed to perform, and which was first delivered to him or her; then, and in every such case, the person so offending, being thereof lawfully tonvifted by the oath, or (being of the people called Quakers) affirmation, of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence or offences should be committed, should be sent to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one month; and whereas the said provision contained in the said recited clause is not found fuffeient for the purpose intended, and U is apprehended that some other provision, more proper, may be made \ and repealed, be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, the Any person whole of the said last recited clause shall be repealed; and that, being employ from and after the said first day of July, one thousand seven hun ed to work up jrec| ancj seventy seven, if any person, being hired, retained, or fhalvn^ t0 prepare or work up any materials, whether mixed

perform the or unmixed, for any master or masters, shall wilfully neglect or same for s refule the performance thereof for eight days successively $ days, etc shall having taken in any materials, whether mixed or unmixed, for

U ... »1«« rr J ’.

manufacture, from one master, or two or more masters, being co partners, shall afterwards take in any materials, whether mixed or unmixed, for manufacture, from any other master or masters 5 or shall procure, or permit himself or herself to be employed or retained in any other occupation or employment whatsoever sooner than eight days before the completion of the work first taken; then, and in every such case, such person being thereof lawfully convicted by the oath, or (being of the people

called

b' lent to the bonfe of cor i't&iou.

i

1777*] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 56.

called Quakers) affirmation, of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before two or morejustices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence or offences shall be committed, rhall be sent to the houfg of correction, or other public prison, there to be kept to hard labour fcr any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month.

IX And whereas it frequently happens that persons receive the/aid

materials in fitlitious names, in order to be manufactured; and that persons receive fuc' materials in their own names, in order to be manufactured by them]elyes, and afterwards deliver the same to others to be manufacturedwithout the knowledge or consent of the owners thereof; and that carriers, or other persons employed to deliver materials to workmen to be prepared or manufactured, do deftgnediy deliver such materials to other persons than those intended by the owner of such materials', be it therefore further enacted by the authority afore r

said, That, from and after the said first day of July, one thousand

seven hundred and seventy fevtn, if any person shall receive any any materials of the aforesaid materials in a fictitious name, in order to be mato be manu nufactured; or if any person shall receive in his or her own in a

name any of the said materials, in order to be manufactured byn!jn^00*r himself or herself, and afterwards deliver the same, or any part (hah deliver thereof, to any other person to be manufactured (without the the same to consent of the owner thereof;) or if any carrier, or other per without son employed to deliver any such materials to any workman, t0 the*consent of be prepared or wrought up, shall designedly deliver the same to the owner, etc. any other person than the person to whom such materials wereheshall be lia ordered or intended to be delivered by the owner thereof; all and bl«to the same every person and persons offending in any of the cases aforesaid,

shall, for every such offence, be liable to prosecution, in the same Jewing to *cr manner, and to the same punishment, as is by this act directed form ihcir in respect to persons taking in any of the said materials in order work, etc. to work up, and afterwards wilfully neglecting or refusing the performance of their work for the space of time aforesaid.

X And whereas it frequently happens that materials used in ta Preamble. manufactures before mentioned, are found or known to be concealed in

the pof ijfion of persons who have received the same, knowing them to be purloined or embezzled, or of persons known not to be entitled to dif poje of the same; and whereas the discovery and conviction of the pur loiners and embezzlers, buyers and receivers, of such materials, is full of difficulty, from the close and clandejline manner in which the offence is committed; and there is /tillgreater difficulty in proving whose property such materials arc; and it would tend to the discouragement and suppression of such offences, if the discovery and conviction of such offenders were rendered more easy: and whereas, by the said recited acf of the twenty ffecond year of his late majesty King George the Second, jujlices of the peace, after conviction of any offender for purloining or embezzling the said materials, or for buying or receiving the same, are autborifed to grant warrants for jearthing the houses and other places of the persons so convicted, but no such authority is given before conviction, nor in any other house or place, except such as belongs to o person

II

convicted;

CD in any house, etc. may grant a warrant for searching the lams.

How perfcns shall be pu mflied, in whose possess

462 Anno decimoteptimo Georgii III C 56. [1777.

jurtice*i©n reconvicted; be tt therefore further enacted, That it shall and may ceivmg com lawful for any two justices of the peace of any county, riding, fht^emb z * i VI (ion, city, liberty, town, or place, upon complaint made to

zitd materials them, upon oath, by any one credible person, or (being of the are suspected people called Quakers) upon foleinn affirmation, that there is to be conceal cause to fufpett that any such purloined or embezzled materials, whether mixed or unmixed, wrought or urtwrought, are concealed in any dwelling house, outhouses, yard, garden, or other place or places, by virtue of a warrant under their hands and seals, to cause every such dwelling house, outhouses, yard, garden, or place, to be searched in the daytime: nnd if any such materials, suspected to be purloined or embezzled, shall be found therein, to cause the same, and the person or persons in whose house, outhouses, yard, garden, or other place, the same shall be son fndi ma found, to be brought before any two justices of the peace for the sound be same.county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place; and if the said person or persons shall not give an account, to the satisfaction of such justices, how he, (he, or they came by the same, then the said person or persons so offending, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall be punched in manner herein after mentioned, although no proof shall be given to whom such materials belong.

XI And be it further enabled. That every peace officer, constable, headborough, or tythingman, in every county, city, town corporate, or other place, where there shall be officers, and every beadle within his ward, parish, or diftritt, ard every watcliman, ions ui(petted during such time only as he is on his duty, * shall and may ap shaving cr prehend, or cause to be apprehended, all and every person or sin f, t^nhcr l)cr^ons who may reasonably be fufpetted of having or carrying, maver’m> MOR any ways conveying, at any time after fun setting and before petted to be fun rising, any of such materials fufpetted to be purloined or purloined, etc. embezzled, and the same, together with such person or persons, as soon as conveniently may be, convey or carry before any two justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, within which the suspected person or persons shall be apprehended; and if the person or persons so apprehended in conveying any such materials, shall not produce the parry or parties duly entitled to dispose thereof, from whom he, (he, or they bought or received the same, or some other credible witness, to testify upon oath, or (being of the people called Quakers) upon fojemn affirmation, to the falc or delivery of the said materials (which oath or affirmation respectively such justices are hereby empowered to administer) or shall not give an account, to the fatisfattion of such justices, how he, (he or they * came by the same; then the said person or persons so apprehended

shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a misdemeanour, and be punished in manner herein after mentioned, although no proof shall be given to whom such materials belong.

Justice may, XII Provided always, and be it further enatted. That in ei ar the retpidt there of tie two cases last before mentioned, when any person or broo^ut be pcr^on5» who ihau be sought before any two justices of the 1 ’ peace,

peace efficers in towns corporate, etc. may apprehend all per

1777.] Anno decimo septimo georgii III C 56. 463

peace, shall request of such justices to appoint a reasonable time fore them, to produce the person or persons duly entitled to sell or dispose of the same, of or from whom he, (he, or they bought or received to%oduc?the the same, or some one or more credible witness or witnesses persons inti to prove‘the sale or delivery thereof; then, and in such case, it tied to dispose shall and may be lawful for the said justices, and they are hereby f fhc mate authorised and required to appoint such reasonable time as afore n,, ctc* said, and to issue out a summons to the constable or other peace officer of the parish or place where such person or persons, or such witness or witnesses, shall respectively reside, requiring him, her, or them to appear before two or more justices, at such time and place as shall be so appointed by such justices, in order to be examined and give evidence on oath, or (being of the people called Quaker) solemn affirmation, of the several matters aforesaid;; such person or persons, at the time of making such On the per request, shall enter into a recognisance, with or without surety fons making or lureties, as such justices shall think proper, for his, her, or their appearance before them, at the time foto be fetor, for^^g^11 want of such recognisance as aforesaid, shall be committed until zance, etc. the time that (hail be fetor appointed by the said justices for the appearance of such party or parties, witness or witnesses; and if at such appointed time such person or persons shall be convicted of any of the offences aforesaid, then, and in such case, he, (he, or they, shall suffer such punishment as is hereinbefore directed to be inflicted on persons guilty of such offences.

XIII And be it further enacted. That where any person or On any person persons shall be convicted of a misdemeanour in either of the ed "f a^ifde* two cases last before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for mcaftort a8 the justices before whom the conviction shall be, to cause the aforesaid, the said materials so found or seized as aforesaid, to be deposited in materials so the hands of the churchwardens or overseers at the poor of the fund shall be place where such materials shall be found or seized, or in any the h^nds^f other convenient place, for any time not exceeding thirty days; the chu>ch and in the mean time to order the said churchwardens and over wardens, ctp. seers of the poor, or one of them, to insert an advertisement iu some one or more of the public newspapers usually published or circulated in or near such place, or otherwise to cause notice to be given by some public crier, and by fixing on the church or chapel door notice deferibing such materials, and where the same are so deposited, to the end that persons having lost such' ' or any reputable person or persons in their behalf, may come and claim the same: and in case any person or persons can If any person prove his, her, or their property in the said materials upon oath, can Prov hi or (being of the people called Quakers) upon his, her, or their fhe^id^nat* solemn affirmation, to the fatisfaeftion of any two justices of the r; as they peace for such county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or shall’be deli place, then such justices shall order restitution of such materials v*red to him. to the owner or owners thereof, after paying the reasonable charges of removing, depositing, and giving public notice of ^q^g °etcrc‘ the same; but if, before the end of the said thirty days, no per butifnoper son or persons shall come and prove his, her, or their property son prove his

in Property in

464

them, they shall be sold, etc.

Penalty on persons having in their pofteflion materials suspect CD to be purloined, etc.

Forfeiture! may be levied by distress.

On failure of ditt rels, offender to be om nutted.

Anno decimo septimo Gkorgii III c.56. [1777.

in such materials, nor any reputable person or persons on his, her, or their behalf, then the said justices shall order and diredk the same to be sold for the best price that can reasonably be had, and after deducing such charges as aforesaid, together with the charges of sale, one moiety of the money arising from such sale shall be given to the person or persons, or either of them, \yho shall apprehend or prosecute the offender or offenders guilty of either of the misdemeanours aforesaid, as the said justices (halt appoint; and the other moiety thereof, either to and amongst the poor of the parish, town, or place, where the conviction shall shall be, or to such public charity or charities as the justices convicting shall appoint.

XIV And be it further enadle:?, that every person deemed and adjudged guilty of a misdemeanour, in having in his or her possession any materials suspected to be purloined or embezzled, and not producing the party or parties being duly intitied todif pose of the same, of whom he or she bought or received the same, nor giving a satisfactory account how he or she came by the same; or of a misdemeanour in having, carrying, or conveying, of the said materials fufpedfed to be purloined or embezzled, and not producing the party or parties being duly intitied to dispose of the same, of whom he or she bought or received the lame, nor any credible witness to testify upon oath, or (being of the people called Quakers) upon solemn affirmation, the sale or delivery thereof, nor giving a fatisfadfory account how he or she came by the same, (as the case shall be) shall, for every such misdemeanour, forfeit, for the first offence, the sum of twenty pounds; and for the second offence, the sum of thirty pounds; and for every subsequent offence, the sum of forty pounds: all which said respective forfeitures shall and may be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every such offender (rendering to him or her the overplus, after charges of the said distress and sale dedu&ed) bv warrant under the hands and seals of the justices before whom fuclv offender shall be deemed and adjudged guilty; of which forfeiture, one moiety shall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to and amongst the poor of the parish, town, or place, where such conviction shall be, or to such public charity or charities 39 the justices convidting shall appoint; and if no sufficient distress shall be found whereon to levy the said respective forfeitures, then the said justices shall and may commit every such offender, so respectively deemed and adjudged guilty as aforesaid, to the common gaol, or other prison, or house of correction, within his or their jurisdiction, without bail or mainprize, for the space of one month, for the first offence; and for the second offence, for the space of two months; and for every subsequent offence, for the space of six months.

XV And whereas it. sometimes happens, by occasion of the very long detention of such materials as aforesaid, delivered out to journeymen or other persons employed to work up the same, it cannot be known to the mailer or owners of such materials, whether the same may have been purloined or embezxled, r whether the said materials are wholly

or

*

1777-1 Annp dcdmo septimo Georgii III c.56. 465

Hr in part wrought or begun to be wrought, or in what Jlate or condition such materials may be: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first: day of July, one thou - Owners of sand seven hundred and seventy seven, it shall be lawful for the jtvercd*1* ***" owner or owners of any such materials, from time to time, as jourrncyme„f occasion shall require, to demand entrance, and enter, at all sea etc. to be * fonable hours in the daytime, into the (hops or outhouses of worked up, any person or persons employed by him or them to work up any JP*?* ath.ali of the said materials, or other place or places where the work hour^enter shall be carried on, and there to infped the state and condition their (hops oof such materials; and in case of refusal, by any such person orouthoufet, to persons so employed, to permit such entrance or inspection, he, inrp*tt their (he, or they so refusing, shall forfeit and pay such sum of money, pali on not exceeding forty (billings, nor less than ten (billings, as therefufai Of en justices, before whom he, (he, or they shall be convicted, shall trance, etc. think proper, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as is by this act directed for the misdemeanour of being in the possession of any such materials, without being able to account fatisfadorily for such possession.

XVI And whereas the said recited acjy of the twenty second year ef the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, contains no frovifon for the protection and recovery of the tools and implements with which any person or persons employed in preparing, working up cr manufacturing, such materials as aforesaidy Shall be entrusted for that purpoje; nor any provifm in respect to the drugs and ingredients vfed in dyingy prepay ingy or manufacturing yfuch of the said materials as are usually dyedy preparedy or manufactured be it therefore enabled, That, from and after the said first day of July one thou a11 l*n*h, e sand seven hundred and seventy seven, every penalty or puni(h geovault inent directed by, or other provision contained in, the said rein

cited ad, in respect to the said materials, sofar as the said recit relating to the ed ad is not varied by this act, and all the provisions in this act contained in respect to the said materials, shall extend and applicable to any tool or tools, and implement or implements, tools, etc. with which any person or persons shall be entrusted for making, with which working up, or manufaduring, the said materials? and also to any p«r<°n any drug or drugs, ingredient or ingredients, with which any person or persons shall be entrusted, for the purpose of dying, jng fomc. preparing, or manufaduring, such of the aforesaid materials as are usually dyed, prepared, or manufadured, in the same manner as if the said tools and implements, drugs anckingredients, were particularly mentioned, both in the said recited ad and in the preceding provisions of this act.

XVII And whereas journeymen dycrsy fervantsy and apprentices, frequently abuse the trull reposed in themy by dying goods for their own profit, without the conjcnt of their masters be it therefore enacted, Jf. That, from and after the said first day of July, one thousand ncyman dyer, seven hundred and seventy seven, if any person hired, retained, etc. shall, w; tn or employed as a journeyman dyer, or as a servant or apprentice, out th con in the dying of any felt or hat, or any woolien, linen, fustian, |fn*|. cotton, leather, fur, flax, mohair, or silk materials, whether the

same linen, cic.

466 Anno decimo ftptimo Georgii III C 56. [1777.

same shall be wrought or un wrought, or shall be mixed or unmixed with other of the said materials, shall, without the consent of the mafler, person or persons by whom such journeyman, fervanr, or apprentice, shall be hired, retained, or employed, wilfully dye any of the said materials, whether wrought or unwrought, or mixed or unmixed with other of the said materials, or without such consent shall wilfully receive any such materials as aforesaid, for the purpose of dying the same, whether the same shall be dyed or prepared for dying, he or (lie so guilty of either of the fie shall forfeit, said offences shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of ten © (Fence io flings > adfor the second offence, the sum of twenty (billings; elc< * * and for every subsequent offence, the sum of forty (billings; or

or if any per ^ person shall procure any such materials as aforesaid, to be Tonne shall pro dyed by any person so hired, retained, or employed as a journey cure any such manservant, or apprentice, without the consent of his or her lodgedt0** maeror employer, or shall offer any such materials to any such 0 * journeyman, servant, or apprentice, for the purpose aforesaid,

he or she so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, by the path, or (being of the people called Quakers) affirmation, of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before two or more justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, shall, for the he shall forfeit, fir(i offence, forfeit the sum of five (billings; and for the second offence °ffence* the sum of twenty (billings; and for every subsequent

etc 9 5 * offence, the sum of four pounds; and each of the said penalties

shall be paid to the informer or informers; and in case of nonpayment on conviction, the person so convicted shall be committed, by the justices before whom the conviction shall be, to the common gaol or house of correction, to remain for any time not exceeding one month, as such justices shall order and direct.

.Inhabitants of XVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any any parirti inhabitant of any parish, township, or place, in which ny of the^aforrfvid0^ ncc shall be committed contrary to the act of the twelfth year oflftnets (had of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, or contrary be committed, to the act of the twenty second year of his late majesty King to he deemed George the Second, or contrary to this a CL shall be deemed a sn»«rtlc*nt competent witness, notwithstanding his or her being an inhabitant of such parish, township, or place.

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Judice of That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one jufticeof the pcaccf ?nt to Peace of any county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or made up placei ard he is hereby required, upon complaint to him made on oath of any upon oath, or (if the person complaining be of the people called offenceagainit Quakers) solemn affirrrption, of any offence committed against this may ac vvitjiin the same county, riding, division, city, liberty, ram forajv lown or place, to issue his warrant for apprehending, and bring prehending ing before any two or more justices of the peace of the same jhc offender. county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, the person or persons charged with Inch offence; and the justices before whom such person or persons (hail be brought, are hereby authorised'

'

4^7

1 777-] Anno decimo feptirao Georgii IH. c.56, and required to hear and determine the matter of such complaint, and to proceed to judgement and convitfion thereupon.

XX And whereas the [aid aft, of the twenty second year of the pbeambi* reign of his late majesty King George the Second, only gives an appeal from an order of any jujiice or jujhces of the peace to the general or general quarter fejfions of the peace, where an order is made by any jujiice or jujiices of the peace, in the case of the buyer or receiver of * such purloined or embezzled materials as aforesaid, and in respect to the salt or difpofil of such materials found on searching by warranty s

after any cgnviftion for purloining or embezzling, or for receiving or buying such purloined or embezzled materials: and whereas it is thought more proper to give a right of appealing in the case of other orders of any jujiice or jujlices of the peace to be made by force of an ait, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King 'George the First, (entitled, An at to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manufactures, and for better payment of their wages), and of the said ail, and also in the case of all orders to be made by any jujlices of the peace under this albe it therefore further enacted. That if any per (bn shall Persons ag think himself or herself aggrieved by the order or judgement of anv two justices before whom he or she fha!i have been con victed of any of the offences in the said acts of the twelfth year etc. may ap of the reign of King George the First, and the twenty second year peal to the of the reign of King George the Second, or in this act, such per quarters son may appeal, and the said juflees are hereby required to makell0n* * known to such person, at the time of such conviction, his or her right to appeal, to the next general or general quarter sessions of the peace to be holdfcn for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such conviction shall have been made, (such person, at the time of such conviction, giving to giving notice such justices, notice in writing of his or her intention to appeal, tofuch justice and also entering into a recognisance, a the time of such no t°ion tovppcal" tice, with sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and and entering * to abide the judgement of, and pay such costs as shall be awarded intorccogm the justices at such sessions); but if the person giving such *ance, ctc. notice of appeal shall not, at the time of giving such notice, enter into such recognisance as aforesaid, then the justices, to whom such notice of appeal shall have been given, shall and may commit such person or persons to the house of correction, or other public prison, of such county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, there to remain until the said.next general or general quarter sessions of the peace to be held in and for such place’, unless such recognisance shall be sooner entered into; and the said justices before whom such conviction shall have been made, or any other two or more justices of the same county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, are hereby impow ered and required to take, and the justices at such sessions are hereby authorised and required, upon due proof made of such notice of appeal, either by the acknowledgement of the justices to whom the same shall have been given, or otherwise, to Iiesr # and

468 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 5^. [1777*

and determine the mattcrofthe said appeal, and toaward such cod How the de as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either par linquent shall ty. ancj Upon te hearing of such appeal, jhe judgement of the in case the * justices before whom the appellant shall have been convicted, shall frflions con be affirmed, such appellant shall, within forty-eight hours next after firm his con the same shall be so affirmed, suffer such corporal puniftiment as vidtion. ' shall have been directed to be inflicted upon him or her for the offence whereof he or she shall have been convicted, or shall immediately pay the sum which he or she shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such costs as the justices in the feid sections shall award to be paid by him or her, for defraying the expenses sustained by the defendant or defendants in such appeal; or in default of making such payments shall be committed to the common gaol, or house of correction, in the same manner, and for the same time, to be computed from the affirmance of such conviction, as shall be directed by the original judgement of conviction, unless the person or persons so convicted shall have been imprisoned under the original conviction, in which case the time for which such person or persons shall have been so confined shall be included in the order of confirmation.

Part of an act XXI And whereas an art, pojjed in the twenty-third year of the ot 13 Geo. a. reign jr iate majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act repealed. for the more effectually punching of persons convicted of seducing artificers in the manufactures of Great Britain or Ireland, out ot the dominions of the crown of Great Britain; and to prevent the exportation of utensils made use of in the woollen and (ilk manufactures, from Great Britain or Ireland into foreign parts; and for the more easy and speedy determination of appeals, allowed in certain cases by an act made in the last session of parliament, relating to persons employed in the fevera! manufactures therein mentioned,) preferibes a form for convittion of thefever a! offences mentioned in ike Jafd recited all of the twenty feconi 0/ George the Second; but such form is not adapted to the said last mentioned art, as altered by this act; and it may be useful to havi one general form for the said recited art of the twenty jccond of George the Second, and this art', be it therefore further enacted, That in respect to all offences which from and after the said first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fever.ry seven, shall be committed against the said recited act of the twenty second of George the Second, so much of the said act of the twenty-third of George the Second, as preferibes a form of conviction for offences against the said act of the twenty second of George the Second, How justices shall be repealed; and that, from and after the said first day of conviaion off one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, the justices offender before whom any offender thall be convicted of any offence, ei agamft the there against the said act of the twenty second of George the Southeast

laid at of condor varied by this act, or against this act, shall cause the

thi$gact * r conv^on t0 be certified to the next general or general quarter session of the peace to be held in and for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where such conviction was made, o to

'

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 56. 469

to be filed with the records of such sessions; and such convi<2ion shall and may be drawn up and written on parchment, and certified in the following form of words, as far as the name of the person and the nature of the case will admit of, (that is to ay):

Middlesex or j T) E it remembered, That on the Form of con

any other I j day of in the year ofour vidtioa.

place, as the Lord A. B. was tonvifled

case shall be) V before us of his Majesty's jujliccs

to wit. J of the peace in and for the said county of or, for the riding of the said county of or, for the city, liberty, town, or place, aforesaid, in the said county (as the case shall be)

of Here specify the offence, and when

and where the same was committed.]

Given under our hands and seals, the day and year first above written.

XXII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Proceeding order made, touching or concerning any of the matters in this

ac1 contained, or any proceedings to be had touching the conant of {0tt09 vidlion of any offender or offenders against the said act of the twenty second of George the Second, or this act, shall be quash CD for want of form, or be removed or removable, by Certiorari, "or_re” CD into his majeftv’s court of King's Bench; and the justices before tr lorart* whom such convidlions shall be had, shall cause the same, drawn up in the form aforesaid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and transmitted to the next general or general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein such conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the records of the said general or general quarter sessions; and in case the person or persons so convicted shall appeal from the judgement of the said justices to the said general or general quarter sessions, the justices on such general or general quarter sessions are hereby required, upon receiving the said conviction drawn up in the form aforesaid to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal, according to the direction of the said act, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII Provided also, and be it further enacted. That no th, sa^not thing herein contajned shall extend, or be construed to extend, former law to repeal any former law or laws now in being, for the punish except as is menr of any of the offences herein above specified, except so herein pant far as is particularly exprefted by this act; and no offender who c shall have been proceeded against, upon or by virtue of this act,

for any of the offences herein specified, shall for the same offence be afterwards proceeded against upon or by virtue of any such former law or laws.

XXIV Pro

L ooole

479, Anno decimo septimo Geqrgii III C 57. [1777.

nor to extend XXIV Provided also, and be it further enabled. That nothing to any uft^nce containe(j in ths a shall extend to, or afsect, any person or agalnft^he aft per^ons fr any offence committed or to be committed again ft a Geo. %. the said recited act of the twenty second year of the reign of his before July i, late majesty King George the Second, before the said first day of j777* Jub'> one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven; but all

and every such offender and offenders shall and may be prosecuted and punished in the same manner as if this act had nor been made. /

Limitation of XXV And be it further enacted, That if any suit or action shall

actions. be commenced or profecufed against any person or persons, for anything done or to be done in pursuance of this act, every such suit or action shall be fevcrally brought, laid, and tried, in the county, or place where the was committed, and not elsewhere; and

the defendant or defendants in every such action or fuit/hall and General ifluc may pleac* the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such suit or action shall be brought in any other county or place than where the fact was committed, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; an^l upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plain trtble costs. lie defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble

costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or t defendants hath or have for costs in other cases at law.

CAP. LVII

jin act for more ejfequally securing the property ofprints to inventors and engravers, by 'enabling them to sue for and recover penalties in certain cases.

Preamble. 117 HEREAS an act of parliament pasted in the eighth year Recital of acts VV of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, inti sgeo *. tuled, An act for the encouragement of the arts of designing, engraving, and etching hiftorica! and other prims, by vesting the properties thereof in the inventors and engravers, during the time therein mentioned : and whereas by an afi of parliament, and 7 Geo. 3. pajftd in. the Jeventh year of the reign of his prefeni Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the ajorefaid act, and for other purposes therein mentioned, it was [amongst other things) enacted, That, from and after the first day a' January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, all and every person or personi who Should engrave, etch, or work in mezzotint or chiaro ofeuro, or cause to be engraved, etched, or worked, any print taken from any pi Bure, drawing, model, or fculpiure, titter ancient or modern, Jtmld have,

and

47*

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 58.

and were thereby declared to have, the benefit and protection of the said former act, and that ad, for the term thereinafter mentioned, in like manner as if such print had been graved or drawn from the original design of such graver, etcher, or dr aughtfman: and whereas the said acts have not ffe dually answered the purposes for which they were intended, and it is nectjj'ary, for the encouragement of artisis, and for securing to them the property of and in their works, and for the advancement and improvement of the aferefaid arts, that such further proviftons Should be made as are herein after mentioned and contained; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it en3<fted by the king’s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con fen t of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the same. That, from and after the twenty-fourth day After June of June, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, if any engrawetc engraver, etcher, printfeller, or other person, shall, within the within time limited by the aforesaid atfts, or either of them, engrave, the time LI etch, or work, or cause or procure to be engraved, etched, or mited by the worked, in mezzotinto or chiaro ofeuro, or otherwise, or in cntrave or ** any other manner copy in the whole, or in part, by vary etcghj crc< any ing, adding to, or diminishing from, the main design, or shall print, without print, reprint, or import for sale, or cause or procure to be tl'e consent of printed, reprinted, or imported for sale, or shall publish, fell, or otherwise dispose of, or cause or procure to be pbblished, sold, or be liable to otherwise disposed of, any copy or copies of any historical print or damages, and prints, or any print or prints of any portrait, conversation, land double costs. escape, or architecture, map, chart, or plan, or any other print or prints whatsoever, which hath or have been, or shall be, en spo***, 'J

graved, etched, drawn, or designed, in any part of Great Britain, ^ -

without the express consent of the proprietor or proprietors a v37 thereof, first had and obtained in writing, signed by him, her, / f

or them respectively, with his, her, or their own hand or hands, in the presence of, and attested by, two or more credible wit nefies, then every such proprietor or proprietors shall and may, by and in a special action upon the case, to be brought against tnc person or persons so offending, recover such damages as a jury on the trial of such atftion, or on the execution of a writ of inquiry thereon, shall give or assess, together with double coils of suit. *

CAP. LVIII

An afor enlarging the public gaol of the county of Warwick, and sot other purposes therein mentioned.

Vol. XXXI Kk CAP.

472

Preamble.

A jftcar.h. t cited.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III c.59. [1777. CAP. LIX

An act to repeal an act s made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled. The matter of the rolls empower ed to rpake leases for years, in order to new build the old houses belonging to the Rolls; and for the better regulating the method of growing leases of the said rolls eflute Jor the future; and for making compenfuion to the earl of Macclesfield, and ftr Thomas Sewell, for their beneficial rights and interejls in certain leases made of the rolls tjlaie \ and for regulating the method of making leases of the fa id ejlate for the future.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An a<tt impowering the matter of the rolls, for the time being, to make leases for years, in order to new build the old houses belonging to the rolls; after thereby impowering the master of the ro Is for the time being, and his fuccejfors masters of the rolls, to grant building leafesjor one and forty years, or for any lejfer term, of the said rolls houses and premises, or any part thereof (the chapel of the rolls, with a convenient mansion bouje, courtyard, garden, fable, coach house, and other outhouses and buildings, fit for the use and habitation of the master of the rolls, only excepted) it is provided, that the master of the rolls for the time being, or any succceding master of the rolls, after the premises Should have been once letten according to the power given as aforesaid, Should net make or grant any new or concurrent leases until within seven years of the expiration of the lease then in being, nor for any lesser rent than was reserved upon the former lease, ncr fer any longer term than for the term of twenty-one years from the making fuck new lease: and whereas, Jince the new building of the said houses and premises, under leases granted by the masters of the rolls for the time being, by virtue of and under the power given them by the said act for that purpose, the said houses and premijes (except the said chapel of the rolls, and other the said except id premises) have, from time to time, been letten and demised by the masters of the rolls jor the time being, by leases by them respectively granted thereoffor the term of twenty-one years, at and under larger yearly rents than were reserved by the said former leases: all which said yearly rents have been and are reserved and made payable to the mifier of the rolls granting such leases, and his fuccejfors; and such yearly rents have for many years lajl pajl amounted, and do now amount, only to the yearly sum of one hundred and thirty-five pounds, but the improved rents of the said houjes do now amount to the sum of one thousand nine hundred and seventy seven pounds; the beneficial right and interest in and to which said improved rents belonging to the master of the rolls granting such original leases, his executors, admi nijlrators, and ajftgns, as his private property, subject to, and after a deduction only of the said small yearly rents: and whereas, by means and in confiquerne of the exercise of such the right of granting and re newing the leases of the said houjes and premises at such small rents as ajore said by the master of the rolls for the time being, the succceding

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 59. 473

master or masters of the rolls is or are deprived of the benefit of the improved rents of the premises, which, after the death of the mafler 6f the rolls by whom such leafer were granted, accrue and belong to bis family, and the income intended for the support of the office of the master of the rolls is rendered in a great measure precarious and uncertain: and whereas sir Thomas Sewell, the present master of the Sir thomm rails, is now pojfeffid or entitled to himself, his executors, ad min if Sewell, maf trators, and assigns of or to the beneficial right and inter eft of and in federal leafs by him made and granted of the fiid houjes and pre tvcer mises, by virtue of and according to the power vested in him by the tain beneficial aid act of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, and the irn rights in fe. proved rents thereof for the term of twenty-one years from the making veral as of such leases, on thefixth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven > elfo of and in such other leases, of the 9 f aid houses and premises, or any part thereof, as he may at any time or times hereafter, Jo long as he Shall continue master of the rolls, make or grant thereof, according to the said power, subject to the right and interest of the right honourable Thomas earl of Maccles *5^** *** field therein, who, as reftduary legatee offir Thomas Clarke de f^ldito the ceased, late master of the rolls, is entitled, under leases granted of the improved said houses and premises respectively by the said late mafler of the rents of cer* rolls, to the improved rents of some of the said houses and premises, tain houses amounting together to the yearly sum of one thousand four hundred and fifty six pounds, part of the said yearly sum of one thousand nine hundred and seventy seven pounds, down to the fifth day of January, which will be in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, subject to and after a deduction and payment of the small rents reserved on the leases of those houses respectively, amounting together to the yearly sum of ninety pounds, part of the said yearly sum of one hundred and thirty-five pounds 5 and is also entitled to the improved rents of some other of the said houses and premises, amounting together to the yearly sum of four hundred and feznnty six pounds, other part of the said yearly Jum of one thousand nine hundred and seventy seven pounds, down to the twentieth day of September, which will be in the year of our lord one thousand fe'uen hundred and eighty-five, subject to and after a deduction and payment of the small rents reserved on the leases of those houses respectively, amounting together to the yearly sum of forty-two pounds.

Other part of the said yearly sum of one hundred and thirty-five pounds; but as to one other of the said houfis, the small rent whereof is the yearly sum of three pounds, refnlue of the said yearly sum of one hundred and thirty five pounds, and the improved rent whereof ts the yearly sum offorty five pounds, residue of the said yearly sum of one thousand nine hundred and seventy seven pounds, subject to a deduction and payment of the said small yearly rent of three pounds, the said earl of Macclesfield has already parted with, and sold his right and interest therein, in order that that house might be (as it has raer fence been, and now is) made use of by the clerk of the roils chapel, during the time the faidearl 0/macclesfield’s right and interest therein would have continued; (chat is to say) down to the said fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty k k 2 tbref

t^c laid «arl

of Macclesfield and tir Thomas Sewell are willing to accept an equivalent for their respective beneficial rjghts, etc.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 59. [1777.

three, for the purpose of copying therein the records Acpofiled in the said rolls chapel: and whereas it is inconvenient, and highly improper, that the maser of the rolls for the time being Should not, at the time he holds and exercises the said office, receive and enjoy so con fiderable a part of the income of the said office, towards the support of the rank and dignity thereof; and it has therefore been proposed to give to the said carl of Macclesfield, and to the said sir Thomas Sewell respectively, an equivalent for such their several and respective beneficial rights and interests as aferesaid, under the said several Safes granted ly the find wafer of the rolls now fitbfjung, and that the said n.ajhr of the rolls fall r din quiff and give up all right and power of grand Kg any more such Lases for the future, by virtue cf and under ‘the said a CL of the twelfth yeas of King Charles the Second, in order that the leases of the said houses and pretnifes, and the right and power of granting the same for the future, may be prcpc^ly regulated, jo that the improved rents of the said houses and premises may for the future, as they Shall become due, be received and enjoyed by the present and fucccjfve maser s of the rolls for the time being, jit bj eft nevertheless to the prov jions hereby made thereout, for the repairs, maintenance, and support of the said houses and premises (except as afore said) and for other the purpefes herein after mentioned; and the said earl Macclesfield, and the said sir Thomas Sewell respectively, are ready and willing to accept of an equivalent for such their several and respective beneficial rights and inurefs as aforesaid', and the said sir Thomas Sewell also to relinquifj and give up all right and power cf granting any leases of the said houses and premijes for the future, under and according to the said act of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second: and whereas such the beneficial right aiid inter cf of the said earl of Macclesfield, in the said houses and premises, eppears, on and according to a fair and jufi estimate and valuation thereof, to be of the value of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine pounds, seven findings, and nine pence halfpenny, from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fevenly seven \ such the beneficial right and interef of the said sir Thomas Sewell, in the said houses and premises as aforesaid, under the said frjeral leafs granted by him and now fubfising, and his present right and power of granting such leases down to and until the said fifth day of July, one thousand fiven hundred and seventy seven, exclusive of any right and power of granting any future leases, under and according to the said acl of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, fubjequent to, or to take effiecl from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, which right and power of granting such future leases he rclinqinjhes and gives up, appears, on a fair and just efimate and valuation thereof, to be of the value of twelve thousand five hundred and eighty pounds, three fillings and cue penny; the said two sums of eight thenfand four hundred forty-nine pounds, seven f illings and nine pence halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred and eighty pounds, three fillings, and cue penny, amounting together to the sum of twenty cue thousand and twenty‘nine pounds, ten fillings, and ten pence halfpenny: and whereas, by four several a this of parliament, pajj'ed in the twelfth year

475

1777.] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III c.59.

cf the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the fourth, fifth and ninth years of the reign of his prejent Majesty, several Turns of moneys part of tee money belonging to the suitors of the high court of chancery, lying dead and unemployed in the bank if England, have been placed out on government or parliamentary securities, and fpeclfic parts of the intercjl arising therefrom have been appropriated for augmenting the income of officers belonging to the said court; and whereas, by an act paffied in the fourteenth year of Act 14. Geo. the reign of his prejent Majesty, entitled, An a for rebuilding HI. recited, the office of the six clerks of the king’s court of chancery; and for erecting offices for the reglfter and accountant general of the said court, for the better preserving the records, decrees, orders, and books of account, kept in such offices; it was enacted among other things,) that out of the securities pur chased with the fur plus money, placed to the account of inter eft arising from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said act of the twelfth year of his late majesty King George the Second, and out of the interest produced and to be produced jrom such securities; and also out of the securities pur chased with the fur plus money, placed to the account of interest arising from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said act of the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and out of the interest produced and to be produced from such securities \ out of the surplus interest which Should arije or be produced from securities purchased in pursuance of the said several acts of the twelfth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, and of the fourth, fifth, and ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty: and out of the interest which Should arise or be produced from securities to be purchased in pursuance of the said act of the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty; such sum or sums of money, as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commissioners for the custody of the greatfeal of Great Britain, /^ the time being, should, in his and their dijeretion, deem neceffiary, should be paid by virtue of any order or orders of the said court; and be applied, under the direction of the said court, in the first place in paying and defraying the charges and expenses attending the puffing and obtaining of that aft; and then in rebuilding the said office called The Six Clerks Office, with the offices belonging thereto, and in purchasing ground and houses for that purpose, if any Should be deemed neceffiary by the said court; and in providing a proper place for transacting the bujinej's of the said six clerks office, during the time such office Should be rebuilding \ and the sum of ten thousand pounds, in erecting proper and convenient offices for the said register and accountant general of the said court, separate and detached from each other, and in pur chasing such ground and houses as Should be neceffiary for those purposes; and for preserving the ancient books of entries of decrees and orders of the said court: and by an f

aft, faffed in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled. An A #515. Geo.

tor vetting part of the garden of the society of Lincoln's Inn, M recited, in the county of Middlesex, in the accountant general of the court of chancery, and his fuccettors, for ever, for the purpose of erecting' thereon offices for the accountant general, and for the regifier of the said court; it was enacted, that the charges and K k 3 expenses

47$ Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 59* f1777-

expenses attending the pajfing and obtaining that aft Should be paid and defrayed out of the same funds, and in like manner as the charges and expenses attending the puffing and obtaining the said act of that s fourteenth year of the reign of his prejent Majesty, are thereby direc

Another aft ted: and whereas, by one other aft, faffed in the said fifteenth year i Geo. III of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for applying the funds juiced. provided for rebuilding the offices of the six clerks of the King's court of chancery, by an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for rebuilding the office of the six clerks of the King's court of chancery; and for erecting offices for the regijler and accountant general of the said court, for the better preferring the records, decrees, orders, and books of account, kept in such offices \ in building offices for the said six clerks in the gardens of Lincoln's Inn, instead of rebuilding the present six clerks office in chancery lane; and for other purposes; it is enacted, That, out of the securities purebafed with the fur plus money mentioned in the said recited act, and out of the interest produced and to be produced from fitch securities, and out ofjurplus interest produced and to be produced from securities purchased in pursuance of the several acts in the said act of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty mentioned, and out 6f the interest produced ct to be produced from Jecurities purchased in pursuance of the said at, such sum and[urns of money as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Great Britain for the time being, Should in his and their dij erttion deem neceffiary, Should be paid by virtue of any order or orders of the said court, and be applied, under the direction of the said court, in paying and defraying the charges and expenses attending the passing and obtaining of that aft, and in purchajing the said ground belonging to the fcciety of lincoln’s Inn therein mentioned and described, and in building thereon an office for the said six clerks, and the offices thereto belonging, as well as in carrying into execution the purposes of the said act oj the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, except Jo much thereof as relates to the rebuilding of the said six clerks office in the place where the same now lands, and except sofar as the said act of the fourteenth year of his prejetit Majesty is thereby altered and varied : and whereas the ground for building the offices for the six clerks, and for the said regijler, and for the accountant general of the said court of chancery, has been purchased, and the said offices for the regijler and the accountant general have been erected and sofar completed and finijhcd, that the business of those offi now is and has for sometime been carried on and tranfiafttd therein, and great progress has been also made in erecting and building the said office for the six clerks, and the offices thereto belonging, and the same will also in a very Short time be completed; and all the several purposes of the said three acts of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his present Majesty have been in a great measure answered and satisfied by and out of the funds provided for the same by those acts, and will in a very Short time be fully answered andjatified thereout except that the said Jum * of ten thousand pounds, mentioned in the said act of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty hath been found

not

47 7

1777-] Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 59.

r fe y sufficient to answer and satisfy the purposes ini cade I thereby: and whereas the surplus interest arising from moneys pta.ed out inpurfuance of the said ail of the twelfth ye; r of his hue ajai.jfy King George the Second and the surplus interest arising from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said abl of the fifth year cf hit tmfient Majcfiy, and the interefi arising from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said abl of the fourteenth year of his present Majfiy, amount together to the sum of two thousand five hundred eighty-two pounds, eighteen Billings a year, and is unappropriated except only as to what Jlill remains to be raised and paid thereout to answer and Jatisfy the purposes of the said threeseveral a bis of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his present Majesty; and it is computed, that in case the said two sums of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine pounds, seven Billings and nine pence halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred eighty pounds, three billings, and one penny, amounting together to the sum of twenty-one thousand and twenty-nine pounds, ten billings, and ten pence halfpenny, and the money to be applied in paying and defraying the charges and expenses of and attending the passing and obtaining of this ably be borrowed on a mortgage of the said rolls houses, such mortgage may be discharged, by and out of the said funds of interest and surplus interefi, in the space of ten years, or thereabout s besides what may appear to be now Jlill further wanting to be paid t here out y for fully answering the several purposes of the said abl of the fourieenthy and two several abls of the fifteenth years of his present Majesty: and ivhtreas a very conftderable sum of money, belonging to the suitors of the said court ojf chancery, is now, and has been for many yearsy lying dead and unemployed in the bank of England; be it therefore enabled by the king’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that out of the ca(h belonging to the fui of the tors of the said court of chancery, which now lies, or shall here after lie dead and unemployed in the bank of Engldndy there bank. b*long shall be paid, by virtue of an order or orders of the said court of into the chancery to be made for that purpose, such sum of money as fetors in the the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or chancer the lords commiitioners for the custody of the great seal of Great fh^r^fball he Britainy for the time being, shall, in his or their discretion, deem pain, by ordtr necessary, and be applied, under the direction of the said court, of the said in paying and defraying the charges and expenses of and at tending the palling and obtaining of this act; and that out of the said ca(h, belonging to the suitors of the said court of chancery, aft which now lies, or shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in also 8.449* 7/. the Bank of Englandy there shall be paid, by virtue ot an order halfpenny or orders of the said court of chancery to be made for that pur Macclesfield pose, to the right honourable the said earl of Macclesfield, his * *

executors or admit)iftrators, the sum of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine pounds, seven shillings, and nine pence halfpenny, as an equivalent, and in full fati«fadion of and for all his right, title, and interefi, in and ter the said rolls houses and premises, and the rents and profits thereof, from and fub k k 4 sequent

X

d to sir Thomas Sewell,

in full satisfaction of their respective interests in the rolls houies, etc

478 Anno decimo feptinio georgii III C 59. [ 1777.

and it, 5&0 /. fcquent to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and 'J seventy seven; and to the said sir Thomas Setbell, his executors

or administrators, the sum of twelve thousand five hundred eighty pounds, three (billings, and one penny, as an equivalent, and in satisfaction of and for all his right, title, and interest, in and to the said rolls houses and premises (except as aforesaid)) the rents and profits thereof, under or by virtue of any lease or leases by him granted or made of the said houses and premises, or any of them, pursuant and according to the said at under the ie twe^^ year King Charles the Second, except such.

laid ad XI provision as is hereby made tor him and the succeeding matters

Car. 11. of the rolls, out of the improved rents and profits of the said

houses and premises which shall accrue and become due from and subsequent to the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, (except as to what may be due to him or them from the said earl of Macclesfield, his executors, administrators, or assigns, or the lessees in such leases, their executors, administrators, or assigns, for or any ways on account or in respect of the said small yearly rents, amounting together to the said yearly sum of one hundred and thirty-five pounds, upon, or previous to, the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven)) upon payment of the said several sums of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine pounds, seven (billings, and nine pence halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred eighty pounds, three (billings, and one penny, to the said earl of Macclesfield, and the said sir Thomas &w//respectively, all such their, and etch of their right, title, and interett, of and in the said houses and premises, and the rents and profits thereof as aforesaid, (except as in and by this present act is mentioned and provided) shall cease and determine; and all leases granted by the said sir Thomas Sewell, as matter of the rolls, under or by virtue of the said act of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second, and now subsisting...........

........... from thenceforth be void and of no efsect, and the said ad

Car. II to be of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second be repealed, repealed and II And it is hereby enacted. That the said act of the twelfth till leases of j£jng Charles the Second (hali be and the same is hereby re virtue 1h7reofpcalcd accordingly.

to be void. III And it is hereby enacted and declared. That the said The Taid sums sum of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine pounds, seven to be paid to (billings, and nine pence halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred eighty pounds, three (billings, and one penny, so directed to be paid to the said earl of Macclesfield and the said sir Thomas Sewell, as aforesaid, respectively, amounting together to the said sum of twenty-one thousand and twenty-nine pounds, ten (billings, and ten pence halfpenny, and also such sum or sums as shall be paid out of the said dead cash in the bank, for and to be applied in paying and defraying the charges and ex pences of and attending the patting and obtaining this act as aforesaid, are to be confide! ed as advanced and paid, and shall be so advanced and paid on the security of, and be a charge on,

the

Upon payment of the Sums abovementioned, the ad 14.

the earl of Macclesfield anti sir Thnmas Sewell, care to be advanced as a mortgage on the roll hoults.j

1777-] Anno decimo feprimo Georgii III C 59. 479

the said rolls houses and premises (except a aforesaid) by way of mortgage, for the repayment thereof; and the said houses and premises shall stand and be a security for the repayment 'thereof accordingly, until the same shall be raised and satisfied in manner herein after mentioned.

IV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from After thepur and after the time when the lood high chancellor of Great Britain,

or the lord keeper, or the lords commissioners for the custody Geo. V (balbe of the great seal of Great Britfiin, shall deem the purposes of the satisfied, cer said acts of the fourteenth and the fifteenth years of his present fain Airolus

Majesty to have been fully satisfied, the surplus interest arising,

and which shall arise, from moneys placed out in pursuance of the th/difcharg said act of the twelfth year of his late majesty King George theing the sums Second, and the surplus interest arising, and which shall arise, above men from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said act of the fifthtionw*' year of his present Majesty, and the interest arising, and which shall arise, from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said act of the fourteenth of his present Majesty, shall and may, by an order or orders of the said court of chancery to be made for that purpose, be appropriated and applied in and to the raising and di fcharging of the said sums of eight thousand four hundred forty-nine pounds, seven (billings and nine pence halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred eighty pounds, three (billings and one penny, and of such sum or sums of money as shall be paid and applied in paying and defraying the charges and expenses of and attending the passing and obtaining of this act, as aforesaid, until the same shall be fully raised, made up, and completed; and which, when so raised, made up, and completed, shall be considered to be, and shall be in full redemption of the said rolls houses and premises.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. How the court That if at any time hereafter the whole, or any part of the said °* chancery to several sums foto be paid as aforesaid, out of the said dead cash, cafeany^of the shall be wanted to ahfwer any of the demands of the suitors of rums to be the said court of chancery before the same shall have been raised, paid out of made up, and completed, by and out of the said funds of interest ca^^ou1d3b and surplus interest so appropriated, or to be appropriated, for wanted°forthe that purpose, as aforesaid; then, and in such case, the said court suitors of that of chancery may and shall, in a summary way, direct the same, court.

or any part thereof, to be raised out of the said rolls houses and premises, or any part thereof, (except as aforesaid) in such manner as the court shall think proper, in order that the suitors of the said court may, at all times, be paid their respective demands, out of the common and general ca(h belonging to such suitors.

VI And whereas it is proper that some reafinable part of the rents and profits of the said rolls houses, as the same shall from time to time accrue and become due and payable, should be appropriated for or towards keeping in repair, and properly fapporting and rebuilding the said houses and premises, or any of them, except and exclusive of the said chapel of the rolls, and other the said excepted prcmifis9 as there

may

o

The lord chancellor to appoint a receiver of the rents of the rolls houses,

with a salary not exceeding 501. per ann.

How fbe rents shall be disposed of.

Surplus to be paid into the bank in the name of the accountant general, etc.

to be applied towards the repairs of the fa id houses, etc.

Receiver to account, upon oath, to the accountant general.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 59. [1777.

may be occasion, and that a receiver of the said rents and profits Should be appointed for that purpose be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such personas the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the commissioners for the custody of the great seal, shall from time to time approve of and appoint, shall be receiver of the rents and profits of the said houses and premises (exclusive of and except as aforesaid), with such salary to be paid to, or retained by him out of the said rents and profits, as the said lord chancellor of Great Britain, lord keeper, or lords commissioners of the great seal, shall direct not exceeding the yearly sum of fifty pounds; such receiver first giving security by recognisance with two sureties, or otherwise, as the said court shall dire;; receiver shall, out of the said rents and profits, pay the land tax, and also pay to the matter of the rolls for the time being the clear yearly lum of one thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, by two equal half yearly payments, on the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of July, in each year; the first half yearly payment to become due and payable on the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight; and with such apportionment on the deatl* of any matter of the rolls, as in case of apportionment of rent on the death of tenants for life; and which apportionment shall take place, as well in case of leases to be granted in purfuanceof the power hereby given of granting leses not exceeding twenty-one years to bind the successor, as of other leases granted or to be granted by any matter of the rolls so dying, and which shall determine by his death; and the surplus of the said rents and profits, beyond and after payment of the said receiver’s felary* and the land tax, and such payment to the matter of the rolls as aforesaid, shall, by virtue and in pursuance of any order or orders of the said lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the commissioners for the custody of the great seal, as aforesaid, for the time being, be paid into the bank of England, in the name and with the privity of the accountant general of the high court of chancery, to be placed to an account to be entitled. The account of the rolls estate, in order to be paid and applied, in manner herein after mentioned, in or towards the repairs and the fupportof the said houses and premises (exclusive of and except as aforesaid) and the rebuilding of the same, as there may at any time or times hereafter be occasion, and insuring the said houses and premises from fire, except such part or parts of the said rents and profits as, by any such order or orders of the said cour, shall be directed to be paid and applied by the receiver for those purposes, or any of them, without paying the same into the bank; and the said receiver shall, at the end of each and every year (or oftener if required and ordered by the said court) deliver in, upon oath, his accounts of his receiverfhip to the said accountant general, and pay his balances into the bank from time to time, in the name of the said accountant general, to be placed to the same account.

i777*1 Anno decimo septimo georgii III c.59. 481

VII And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Out of the said. That out of such the surplus rents and profits of the faid^hefaid11 houses and premises, hereby appropriated for the purpose of re house, etc. pairing, supporting, and rebuilding, and insuring the said houses the lord chan and premises, (exclusive of and except as aforesaid) or out of <*llor may or what the same, or any part thereof, shall be inverted in, such^o^applicd ft*m and sums of money, as the lord high chancellm^ of Great towards re britain, or the lord keeper, or lords commissioners for me custody pairing the of the great seal of Great Britain, shall, from time to time, direst tame, and iu or appoint, shall be paid and applied in or towards the repairing and supporting of the said rolls houses and premises, or in rebuilding the same, or any of them, and in insuring the said houses and premises from fire, in such manner as by any order or orders of the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords com mifiioners, to be made for those purposes respectively, shall be directed: and that the said fund, or any part thereof, shall or The said fond may, from time to time, by virtue and in pursuance of any or f be inverted der or orders of the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords ^sfecuri commissioners, for that purpose, be placed out and inverted in ties, in the government securities, in the name of the said accountant ge name of the neral, and placed to the said account of the rolls estate, and the accountanr interest or dividends thereof be laid out and inverted in other tqa “he suchlike lecurities, in the name of the said accountant general, account of the and placed to the same account; and so from time to time asrolls4rtate, eec. often as the interest or dividends of the said original securities, and such new purchased securities, shall amount to a competent film, in order to accumulate and increase the said fund for the purpose of repairing, supporting, and rebuilding, and insuring from fire, the said houses and premises, and to be sold, applied, and disposed of for those purposes, or any of them, by order of the said lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commissioners as aforesaid, from time to time, as there may be occasion.

VIII And whereas, by reason and in consequence of the said earl of macclesfield’s having sold and disposed of such bis beneficial right and interest in the said house of the improved yearly rent offorty five pounds, in which (in case he had not so sold the same) he would now have had a term of six years to come, from the making of the Uafe thereof on the faidfixth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ftventy jeveny there will not be any rent payable for the said house for the said six years to the majlcr or masters of the rolls for the time be ingj ana in the ejlimate and valuation of the said earl of macclef field’s interest in the said houses and premises a deduction is made on account thereof; it is therefore provided and hereby enabled, Ootot the m that out of the interest arising, and which shall arise, from mo J, cn^crthe^fid nies placed out in pursuance of the said act of the fourteenth ofaa 14 Geo. 3. his present Majesty, there shall and may, by virtue of an order the court of or orders of the said court of chancery, to be made for that pur chancery may pose, although all the purposes of the said acts of the fourteenth annc^/p££i and fifteenth years of his present Majesty may not have been, for six years, or have been deemed by him or them to have been fully satis to the receiver

fied of ti; C said

A

482 Anrio decimo septimo Georgii III c.59. [1777.

rents, in lieu fied as aforesaid, be paid the yearly sum of fortyfive pounds, by of ttieimpiov half yearly payments, to the receiver, foto be appointed, of the hou^be^ore 6 renls ard profits of the said rolls houses and premises, for the mentioned, time being, for the term of six years, to be computed from the making of the fiid last mentioned lease of the sixth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, in lieu of, and as a recompense and satisfaction for, the said yearly rent of forty five pounds for the said term of six years; and which said yearly sum of fortyfive pounds thall be deemed and had and taken as part of the yearly rents and profits of the said houses and premises of which such receiver shall be appointed, and be applied and disposed of as part of the said yearly rents and profits accordingly, in manner and for the purposes herein before mentioned concerning the said rents and profits.

IX And whereas diverse leases have been granted by, or on behalf of, the said earl of Macclesfield, of several of the said houses and premises, to several persons for terms of years not exceeding the time

„ which the said earl of Macclesfield then had to come in the said houses and premises refpeflively, at the bejl and rnofl improved rents that '. could be had and gotten for the same, and which leafs ore now Jub this act not flf lnl> be it therefore further enacted and declared, That the to vacate rights of the several persons claiming under such said last men leases granted tioned leases respectively, or any of them, shall not, by or in Macclesfield cbnfequence of anything in this acontained, be any ways deseated, impeached, or lefiened; and that such several persons, so claiming under the same, shall still be entitled to, and have and enjoy the full fruit and benefit of such said several leases respectively, upon and according to the terms thereof; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: but the rents reserved and made payable in and by such said several leases respectively, although expressed therein are to be paid to be reserved and made payable to or for the benefit of the said to the receiver carl Of Macclesfield, his executors, administrators, or assigns, or in what manner soever the same may therein be reserved or made payable, which have accrued or become clue and payable from and since the sixth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and which from henceforth shall accrue or become due and payable, shall be paid to the receiver foto be appointed of the rents and profits of the said houses and premises, and be applied and disposed of as part of the said rents and profits accordingly, in manner and for the purposes aforesaid; and the said earl of Macclesfield, his executors, administrators, and aftigns, shall have and be entitled to such of the said rents as accrued and became due on or before the said sixth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and are still remaining due and unpaid under and by virtue of the said last mentioned leases of the said houses and premises, or any of them.

X Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled and declared, That from and after the expiration, or other sooner determination

at the moll improved rents:

but the said rents, from Jan. 6, 1777*

before mentioned.

The matter of the rolls for the time being

1777-] Anno decimo septimo georgii III C 59. 483

termination, by surrender or otherwise, of the said feveril la ft may, after the mentioned leases, so granted by or on behalf of the said earl of l*°tt

jlfaales/ifld as aforesaid, and now subsisting, refpetfively as to |eal^. and the houses and premises therein comprised; and as to the rest terms herein of the said houses, except the said house herem before mention mentioned, CD to be of the yearly rent of fortyfive pounds,, from and imine diately after the patting of this present at; land as to the said house or n last mentioned so excepted house, from and after the fifth day of years, for the January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; it shall moult unprov be lawful for the matter of the rolls for the time being, to make ^anbehad^ and execute any lease or leases of all or any of the said houses and ^ithout'tak preimfes belonging to the rolls (the chapel of the roils, and the ingany fine, mansion house, courtyard, gardens, (tables, coach houses, and ttc. other outhouses and buildings now uled for the habitation and accommodation of the master of the rolls, only excepted) for any term or number of years, not exceeding twenty-one years, in poflefiion, from the making thereof, or from the quarter day next preceding the date and making thereof; that is to say, The fifth day of January, the fifth day of dpril, the fifth day of July, or the tenth day of Oftcbcr, whichever of the said days shall happen to be the quarter day next preceding the date and making of such lease or leases relpe&ively, at and for the best and most improved rent or rents that can be reasonably had and gotten for the same, without taking any fine, fore gift, or gratuity for the making of any such lease or leases; such rent or rents to be thereby reserved and made payable to the master of the rolls making such leases respectively, and his successors, during the term or terms not exceeding the said term of twenty-one yea's, for which such leases refpedlivcly shall be granted; and the Jettees in such leases refpedtivelv executing counterparts thereof, and thereby covenanting to pay such rents accordingly; and Lessees to keep thereby also covenanting to keep the premises thereby demised ?he Prcm, ^$ in good and tcnantable repair during the term, and to leave the rep**™” 1* C same in such good and tenantable repair at the end, or other sooner determination of the term.

XI And it is hereby declared, That no lease or leases of the No future said houses and premises, or any of them, hereafter to be made or executed by any master of the rolls, otherwise than according of the^olls, *

to the power hereby given to the master of the rolls for the time contrary to

being as aforesaid, shall be binding on his successors, or any of this a them be binding ort

XII And it is hereby enatfted and declared, That the rents ^etents^ * and profits of the said houses and premises, to be reserved and un(ftr au^fu made payable by and upon any such lease or leases thereof here ture leases to after to be made or granted by any master or matters of the rolls, be paid to the shall be paid to such receiver as aforesaid, and be appl.ed and rccc, vcr*ctc* disposed of accordingly, in manner and for the purposes aforesaid.

XIII And it is hereby enabled and declared. That all applications to the said court of chancery for or touching any of the matters of this at, and all orders and proceedings relating there be nude to to, shall and may be had and made in a summary way, and with the court of

out chancery, gratis.

484 Anno decimo septimo georgh III C 60 — 65. t*777*

Proceedings out any fee or reward to be paid or given for the same; and to be without without damps on any of the said orders or proceedings, or to bo lamp, lads ufc(|^ Qr cmploycd, in or about the same, or any of them.

CAP. LX

An act for enclosing and embellilhing the middle part of hoxton fqttare, in the parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex; and for exiinguithing all right of common in and upon the said square.

CAP. LXI

An act to enable the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter in Weltrainfter, to open a street from the couth end of long ditch to the north end of smith street, and to widen part of tothilf street, and of long ditch aforesaid and to widen the passage between or chard itreet, and the new intended street, and also to widen Wood street, and to make a more commodious entrance from the Broad Sanctuary into deanvyard, within the city and liberty of Westminster.

CAP. LXII

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within though several parishes of Surfleet, Golberton, Quadring, Donington, Bicker, Swinelhead, Wigtoft, Sutterton, Algarkirk, Foldike, Kirton, Brampton, Wiberton, and Brothertoft, within that hundred of Kirton, in the parts of Holland, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. LXIII

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An as for paving, repairing,, lighting, and watching the streets, and other public passages and places, withm < that part of tbeparijb of Clerkenwell called Saint James's, and removing obstructions and annoyances therein; for widening tbs passage from clerkenwell green to the parish church, and for watching and lighting certain highways within the said partjh, for repairing the highways m the said parish, and deanling the said part of the said parish; for widening the paftage from clerkenwell close to Rofoman's Street, and from Rofoman's Street to Saint john street; and for building a chapel in the said parish.

CAP. LXIV

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the county of Middlesex; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXV

An act for amending and rendering more effectual an act, made in that twenty second year of the reign of King George the Second, entitled. An al for draining aud preferring certain fen lands and low grounds he tbs several parifhes of Sutton, Me pal y fritebam, Chatteris, Doddington, and a place called Byal fen, in the Isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge \ and also in tbs parishes of Somerfham and Pidley with Fenton, in the county of Huntingdon, sofar as the same relates to the fen lands and low grounds lying in the parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Chatteris, and a place called byal fen, in the Isle of Eiy.

Preamble. Aft 1* Geo. *. recited. Recital of the Somersham, etc. act of

3 s Geo a. and the Ramsey, etc. act of 15 Geo. 3. Boundaries of the present lands. Commissioners of the former act to be commiflhners of this.

Meetings of commiiooneis. Commissioners empowered to lay a further e ux

4 85

1777-] Anno deciitt’o septimo Georgii III c?66 — yo.

tax of 5 s an acre for the first 4 years, and 2 s. 6 d. an acre afterward;. How the Great and Little Holts are to be taxed. Tenants to pay the tax, and dedult the same out of their rents. Who shall pay the taxes for lands under Jeafe. Application of taxes. highlands not to be taxed. A survey to be taken, and map made. If any dispute shall arise whether any of the lands fhonld be deemed highlands or not, the same to be determined by two indifferent persons. If the said persons cannot agree, they are to choose an umpire. In case the proprietor refuses to name a referee, etc. the matter to be settled by the quarter fefllons. Tenants for life, etc. empowered to borrow money; and to mortgage their lands for a security. Commissioners empowered to borrow 6, 0001. and to assign the rates as a security. Mortgagees to be creditors in equal degree. Application of money borrowed. Mortgages of the rates 10 be numbered. Securities may be assigned Iw endorsement. Rates to be charged with moneys borrowed, and in default of payment, veiled in creditors. No money to be borrowed, unless at a meeting where 15 commissioners are pre'ent. Certain clauses of the former act extended to this ati. Expenses of this alt how to be paid. Commissioners empowered to take earth for making banks, etc. and to make a drain from the 20 foot drain to the old 16 foot drain, etc. Surveyors may cause ditches leading to mill drains to be scoured, etc. if the owners, etc. shall neglell so 10 do. Commissioners not to do any works to hinder the waters in Cranebrook, etc. from issuing*to their outfalls. If the commissioners shall make a drain across any road or droveway, they shall erell proper bridges. How justices to proceed for conviction of offenders. Form of conviction. Saving ciaufe to the corporation of Bedford Level. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble coils. Public ad.

CAP. LXVI

An all for establishing a nightly watch within the hamlet of mile.end Old Town, in the parish of Saint Dunstan Stepney, otiierwife Stebonheath, in the county of Middlelox.

CAP. LXVII

An act for varying and enlarging the powers of an all made in the twelfth * year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable cut or canal from the river Dee, within the liberties of the city of Cbefler^ to or near midduvolcb and Nanlwich, in the county of Cbejierm

CAP. LXVIII

An all for rebuilding the bridge over the river Severn, at Maifmore, near the city of Gloucefterj for raising, widening, and securing Over Causeway, leading from the said city towards Maifmore aforesaidj and for enforcing the proper paving and cleaniing of the several llreets within the said city, and for removing nuisances and annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

CAP. LXIX

An all for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Trent, in the lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the county of Derby, to or near Langley Bridge, zn the counties of Derby and Nottingham.

CAP. LXX

An ah for dividing and inclofmg the open common fields, meadows, dales, and common fen, with the parish of Billmghay, in the county of Lincoln } and for draining and preserving the said dales and common fen, and also certain indofed lowlands thereto adjoining in the said parish.

CAP.

Anno decimo septimo Georgii III c.ji — yj. c1777-c A P. lxxr.

An act to enable the feoffees and trufttes of an eft ate in the county of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sheriff, for the founding and maintaining a school and alms houses at Rugby, in the county of Warwick, to sell part of the said estate, or to grant leases hereof, or of any part thereof, and to cffcftuate the other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXII

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the second year of his present Majesty's reign, for rtpaiiing, widening, turning, and (hortening the toad hading from the turnpike road on farraru’s Common, in the parifn of Bradford, through Holt and Melksham, to homan’s Style, in the parish of Laycojck, in the county of Wilts; and for completing a communication between the said road, and the Bath turnpike road, upon Kingfdown Hill in the same county.

CAP. lxxiir.

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of so much of an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing certain roads therein mentioned, as relates to the roads from Kighley to Wakefield, and from Kighley to Hallifax, and from dudley hiil through beckwith thaw to Killinghall, and from beckwith ftiaw to the south welt corner of Harrogate Enclosures, in the well riding of the county of York.

CAP. LXXIV

An act for repairing and widening the road from a place called crouch hill, in the parish of Henfield, to the turnpike road leading from bright heimftone to Cuckfield, and from the east side of the said turnpike road to the town of Ditchling, in the county of Sussex.

CAP. LXXV

An act to repeal an act of the thirty thiid year of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair several roads leading from the market house in the town of Kidderminster, in the county ot worcester; and ?Ub to repeal so much of two acts of the tenth of his late Majesty, and the seventh of his present Majesty, as relate to the road from the mitre oak to a farmhouse called Goodntfs; and from titton brook to the hamlet of wribbenha’.l, in the said county; and to disconti nue the powers of an act of the eighth of his prefeot Majesty, sofar as relate to the road from the cross of the Hands near Goodness Farm, to a place called The Spout; and for mere effectually amending, widening and keeping in repair, the several roads described in the first mentioned aft; and also several other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXVI

An act for continuing the term of two acts passed in the fourth and twenty fourth years of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the roads leading from the most southern part of butt lane, in the pariin of Lawton, in the county palatine of Chester to Lawton, and from thence to Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said county.

CAP. LXXVII

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty fifth year ot the reign ot his late Majesty, for repairing the roads from the to An ot Leeds, through Harwood, to the south welt corner of the enclosures of Harrogat?*, and from thence in two branches (one through Ripley, over burage gteen, and the other through Knarefborough and

Borough

borough bridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the first rill of water or watercourse on hutton moor, in the county of York, and for repairing the sloughs or ruts on the said moor; sofar at the same relates to the road leading from the southwest corner of tne enclosures of Harrogate (through Knaresborougb) to Borough bridge.

An act for enlarging the term and continuing the powers of two acts of parliament, one passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An aclfor repairing the roads from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the soul b we ft corner of the enclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches ( one through Ripley truer Burr age green, and the other through Knar ejhorougb and'borough bridge J to Ripon, and from thence to the first rul of water, or watercourse on hutton moor, in the county oft York, and for repatrtng the Jlougbs or ruts on the said moor and the other passed in the twenty-ninth year of his said majesty’s reign, to explain and amend the said first mentioned alt j with refpelt to the road from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the south welt corner of the enclosures of Harrogate.

An act for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the borough of Saltash, in the county of Cornwall.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts of parliament, one passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An a8 for repairing the roads from the town cf Leeds, through Harwood to the southwest corner of the inclojuret of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches ( one through Ripley, over Burr age green, and the other through Knaresborougb and Borcugo bridge J to Ripon, and from thence to the first rill of water or watercourse on Hutton moor, m the county of York, and for repairing the Jlougbs or ruts on the paid moor \ and the other passed in the twenty-ninth year of his said Map tty’s reign, to explain and amend the said first mentioned alt; with refpelt to those parts of the said roads from Harrogate, through Ripley and Ripon, to the north ealt corner of Hutton moor, and from the eat end of kirby hill moor to the town of Ripon aforesaid.

An act for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an act made in the thirty first ytar of the feign of his lare Majdty, for repairing the highroad leading from Brent bii>tge, in the county of Devon, to gaflang gate, in or near the borough of Plymouth, in the said county.

4 An act for enlarging the term and powers of three several acts of parliament. lor repairing the roads therein mentioned in.the county of Bucks, sofar as tne said acts relate to the road from the wrft end of tne town of Wendover to the end of a lane called Oak hue, next the great road, called The Oxford Road; and also half a mile or road next from the river Colne towards Beconsfield, in the said county.

487

CAP. LXXVIII

CAP. LXXIX

CAP. LXXX

CAP. lxxxr.

CAP. LXXXII

Vo uxxxi

LI

CAP,

Anno decimo feptirao Georgii III C 83 — 89. [ty/ju CAP. LXXXIII

An act forcontinuing the term of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year cif 1 he reign of hi late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road

. from the top of harn'nam hill, near the city of newsarum, in the county or Wilts, through the towns of Blanford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain entrenchment on aikerwell hill, in the county of Dorset, and from the index post on the side of harnham hdl aforesaid to a house called Mailer Baker's farm house, in the said county of Wilts,

CAP. LXXXIV

An act for enlarging the term and continuing the powers granted by an act paited in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from a place called The gol drn Farmer, near Bagihot, in the county of Surrey, to hertford bridge hill, in the county ot Southampton.

CAP. LXXXV

An act to enlarge the term and powers of two acts, paited in the second and twenty second years of his late majesty’s reign, for repairing the several roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Lcominster, in the county of Hereford.

CAP. LXXXVI

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging several of the powers contained in an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, sofar as the same relate to the road from the turnpike road between the town and county of Pool and winborn minster, in the county of Dorset, to the turnpike road in the parith of Brianflon, in the said county of Dorset, which leads from blandtord forum to Dorchester.

CAP. LXXXVII

An act for enlarging the terms and powers of two acts, paited in the fourteenth and twenty sixth years of nis late majesty’s reign, for repairing the road leading from Ealand to the town of Leeds, in the welt riding of the county o? York.

CAP. LXXXVIII

An act for enlarging the term and altering the powers of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of hh late Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Warwick and Oxford, sofar as relates to the road from the Guide poll in the village of Adderbury, through Kidlington, to the mileway leading towards the city of Oxford.

CAP. LXXXIX

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act paited in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from The halfway house, in the parish of Lower Crompton, in the county of Dorset, through the towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard, to the east end of the town of axminster, in the county of Devon, and several other roads found the town of Yeovil, in the county of Somerset and for amending two roads leading from Vagg Hollow, in the parish of Yeovil; and the road from Chard to cheefewny aih; and from White Down to perry street, in Chard, and from thence to the turnpike road near Tytherleigh Inn, in the aid county of Dorset,

CAP. XC

An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the roads frond the town of Halifax, and from sowerby bridge, in the county of York, by Todmorden to Burnley and Littleborough, in the county of lancaster.

CAP. XCI

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the Maypole, in the town of Henneld, over Poynings common, to the town of Brighthelmstone; and from Poynings common aforesaid, to high cross, in the parish of Albeurne; and from thence, for the distance of two furlong of the road oriane leading towards Twineham; and from the marl pit near the bottom of saddlefcombe hil), in the parish of Newtimber, to the marie pit fronting Newtimbei Broad Lane, in the same parish, in the county of suftex.

CAP. XCII

An act for repealing so much of two acts, made in the eleventh and seventeenth years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading to and from the town of Derby, in the cqunty of Derby, as relates tc a road leading from the gaol bridge in the said town of Derby, through the town of Afliborne, to hurdloe house in the said county, for making more effeftnai provision for repair of the said road; and for enabling the trustees to alter part of the course of the prefeut road between Afliborne and the new inn Turnpike.

CAP. XCIII

An act for continuing the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty, ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the eighteen mile stone beyond willoughby.hedge, through the town of Mere, in the county of Wilts, and through win canton, to charlton houthorn, and from thence to Mi 1 borne.port; and from willoughby hedge aforesaid tothe^eft end of Long une, in kil mington; and from Wincanton aforeiaid to the Sherborn turnpike cross gate on cattle hiil, and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the county of Someriet.

CAP. XCIV

An act for repairing and widening the road from stall gate Close, at the southwest end of the town of Bedford, to the town of Ampthill $ and from the said town of Ampthill to Woburn Park, in the county of Bedford and also the road branching out of the same in kempifon field to the turnpike road leading from Hitchin to the said town of Bedford.

CAP. XCV

An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act of parliament, made in the twenty.ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading from and near the town of Brewton, in the county of Somerset, and for repairing aod widening the Jireet from the north or northeast end of coombe street, along patweu ttreet, in the said town of Brewton, to the south or south saft side of dymond’t River.

49° Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 96 — 102. [1777.

CAP. XCVI

An act to enlarge the term and power of an act, patted in the^twenty eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the several road therein mentioned, leading to, through, and - from the town of Monmouth.

CAP. XCVII

An act for repealing an act, made in the twenty seventh year of his late tnajefty King George the Second, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading from union point near the town of Ucknela, in the county of suftex, to Langney bridge in the parifhof Wefthara, ia the said county, and for more effectually repairing the said road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road from the side gate on the horse bridge turnpike road, in the parish of Hellingly, to the turnpike road leading from cross in hand to Burwash, in the said county.,

CAP. XCVIII \

An act for repairing and widening the road from comb bridge, through Winfley and Bradford, tostaverton bridge, and to the Trowbridge road on aihton common, and also the road tram bradford bridge to Cock,, all in the county of Wilts { and for making effectual provision for maintaining a bridge over the river Avon at Stokefordi, in the same county.

CAP. XCIX

An act for amending and keeping in repair the road from the town of Warminller, in the county of Wilts, to a place where the roads to Bath and Bristol divide j and from the town of Frame to the town of beck ington, in the county of Somerset; and for repealing an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, relating to the said roads; and for repairing the road from or near the red lion in the parish of Woolverton, in the said county of Somerset, to rode bridge, and from the said bridge to the turnpike road leading from trow bridge by white trough to Btckington a lore said.

CAP. C

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading to and from the towns of Bala and Dolgelley, in the county of Merioneth, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop.

CAP. CL

An act for repealing so much of three acts, made in the eleventh, seventeenth, and thirty third years of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading to and from the town of Derby, in the county of Derby, as relates to the road leading from the north side of cavendi(h bridge, m the said county of Derby, through the said town of Derby to Braflineton, in the said county; and for making more effectual provision for the repair of the said road.

CAP. CII

An a for repairing and widening the road from the town of Skipton to the turnpike road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Okbeck, in the township of Bilton, with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the road leading from Knareiborough to Wctherby, in the west riding of the county of York.

CAP.

49*

*777*3 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III C 103 — 110.

CAP. CIII

An act Jor amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading from Crookhill, in the parish of Cbickrell, to the turnpike road leading from Bridport to Bridport Harbour, and several other roads therein mentioned in the county of Dorset.

CAP. CIV

An act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair several roads therein mentioned, leading from a gate in the town and county of Pool called pool gate, and for repealing two acts of parliament of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of his Tate Maj'fty relating to the said roads; and also for appl^ng a certain sum of money therein mentioned towards paving and repairing a certain street or way within the said town and county.

CAP. CV

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road in the parish of Afthall, in the county of Oxford, to the turnpike road at or near Buckland, in the county of Berks.

CAP. CVI

An act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York, to the town of Sheffield, in the same riding.

CAP. CVII

An act for repairing and widening several roads in the county of Dumfries) and for converting the statute labour within the said county into money; 'and for applying the same towards repairing the highways within the same county.

CAP. CVIII

An act for amending the road from the southeast end of the tosfa of S

Loughborough, in the county of Leicester, to derby bridge, near The Rushes, and from the said bridge, to the south end of cavcndilh bridge, in the same county.

CAP. CIX

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the city of Lincoln) and for repairing and widening the roads from the termination of the present turnpike road, at the foot of Bracebridge bridge, over the said bridge, westward, to the extremity of the county of Lincoln, near a place called potter hill) and from the termination of the present turnpike road at the foot of Can wick hill, southward, to a windmill at the top of the said hill.

CAP. CX

An act for repairing and widening the road from Gatefliead in the county of Durham, to the church lane near Ryton Lanehead) and from bar moor to the Hexham turnpike road near dilfton bar, in the county of Northumberland j and also the road from mickley bank to lead hill or Silver hill, and for making a road cross certain grounds belonging to Crozier Surtees eiquire, in the parish of Ryton in the county of Durham.

192 Anno decimo septimo Georgii III. c. 111. [1777.

CAP. CXI

An act for enlarging the tertn and powers of an act Made in tie ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An a for repairing and widening the road from Taiy Cafn Ferry, in the county of Caernarvon, and through the towns of Conway, Bangor, and Caernarvon9 to the town ofpwll befy tn the same county \ and aho for repairing and widening the roads from Tal y Cafn ferry aforefirid, on the Denbighshire side of the river Conway, to join the turnpike road between Conway and Saint Afaph, at a place called Sam y Mynech 5 and from the turnpike road between Bangor and Conway, at the village of Aber, over Bwlch y Ddwyfaen mountain to Tal y Cafn ferry aforesaid, and from thence to the town of Llany wft in the county of Denbigh.

---

END of VOLUME XXXI

