THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii III. Regis:

Being the SECOND Session of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vol. XXXVII Part III

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLIC and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno tricesimo secundo

GEORGII III. Regis:

Being the Second Session of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Cap. 1. To extend the provisions of certain acts of parliament made to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

Cap. 2. To repeal the duties on certain inhabited houses containing less than seven windows, or lights, granted by an act of the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

Cap. 3. For repealing the duties on female servants.

Cap. 4. For repealing the duties on wagons, wains, carts, and other carriages, granted by an act of the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty.

Cap. 5. For granting an aid to his Majesty for a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

Cap. 6. For repealing the duties upon malt granted by an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon malt.

Cap. 7. For repealing a certain part of the duty upon all canoes (except wax and spermaceti candles)

Cap. 8. For the more effectual preventing of frauds in the revenue of excise by common brewers.

Cap. 9. For repealing certain regulations with respect to certificates on exporting tea to Ireland or America.

Cap. 10. For the better execution of certain warrants issued for the apprehending, and committing persons convicted of offences against the excise laws.

Cap. 11. To compel auctioneers to declare whether sales have been held under the notices now required to be given by law.

Cap. 12. For granting to his Majesty the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 13. To enable his Majesty to make provision for the establishment of their royal highnesses the duke and duchess of York and Albany; and also to settle an annuity on her royal highness during the time of her natural life, to commence from the decease of his said royal highness, in case her said royal highness shall survive him.

Cap. 14. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united dates.

Cap. 15. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

Cap. 16. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

Cap. 17. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 18. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

Cap. 19. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 20. For providing a workhouse for the reception of the poor of the parish of Stone, in the county of Stafford, and for regulating and employing the poor therein.

Cap. 21. For the more effectual prevention of frauds in the revenue of excise with respect to the manufacturing of soap.

Cap. 22. To continue and amend several laws relating to the encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland seas and Davis's Streights; and to amend the laws now in force for the encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the seas to the southward of the Greenland seas and Davis's Streights.

Cap. 23. For rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the of appointed by an act made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same session, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, and for appointing other of, together with those named in the first mentioned act, to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; and for indemnifying such persons as have acted as of for executing the said act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

Cap. 24. To repeal so much of an act, made, in the twenty seventh year of his present Majesty, as, relates to the sale of the house in Privy Garden, heretofore used as an office for the of of the lottery; and to enable his Majesty to grant the said premises.

Cap. 25. To enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland, further to increase the capital stock of the said company.

Cap. 26. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety two.

Cap. 27. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the lime limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpose; and for allowing further time to such persons as have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contrails of clerks, apprentices, or servants.

Cap. 28. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 29. For establishing a permanent fund for the relief and support of skippers and keelmen employed in the coal trade on the river Wear, in the county of Durham, who by sickness, or other accidental misfortunes, or by old age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their families; and also for the relief of the widows and children of such skippers and keelmen.

Cap. 30. For taking down the church, chancel, and tower belonging to the parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in Bridgenorth, in the county of Salop, and for rebuilding the same, and for enlarging the burial ground of the said parish.

Cap. 31. For more effectually embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, the island of Canvay, in the county of Essex.

Cap. 32. To revive and continue so much of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the conveyance of sheep between Cowes in the isle of Wight, and the ports of Southampton and Portsmouth; and to extend the same to horses and lambs; and to amend the said act.

Cap. 33. For explaining and amending an act passed in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the encouragement of seamen employed in the royal navy and for establishing a regular method for the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the support of their wives and families; and for preventing frauds and abuses attending such payments; and for further extending the benefits thereof to petty officers and seamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, and marines, serving, or who may have served, on board any of his Majesty's ships.

Cap. 34. For explaining and amending an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the further preventing frauds and abuses attending the payment of wages, prize money, and other allowances, due for the Service of petty officers and seamen on board any of his Majesty's ships; for further extending the benefits thereof to petty officers and seamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, and marines, serving, or who may have served, on board any of his Majesty's Ships.

Cap. 35. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Cap. 36. To continue several laws therein mentioned, relating to the discontinuing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grease; to the free importation of certain raw hides and skins from Ireland and the British plantations in America; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of artificers and workmen employed in those manufactures to go into parts beyond the seas; to the better regulating of pilots, for the conducting of ships and vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clark's hydrometer; and to the allowing the importation of seal skins, cured with foreign salt, free of duty.

Cap. 37. For making perpetual an act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the island Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain regulations and restrictions.

Cap. 38. For building a bridge over the river South Esk, at or near the town of Montrose, in the county of Forfar; and for making suitable approaches thereto.

Cap. 39. To enable the inhabitants of the parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, in the city of London to raise money for paying and discharging the debts that have been contracted in repairing their parish church, and building a new workhouse.

Cap. 40. For amending the laws of excise relating to the manufactory of flint glass.

Cap. 41. To exempt whale oil, and other articles therein mentioned, and sold by auction in Great Britain, from the duty imposed on such sales.

Cap. 42. To empower the high court of chancery to lay out a further sum of the suitors money upon proper securities, and for applying the interest towards discharging the expences of the Office of the accountant general, and for building offices for the matters to ordinary in chancery, and a publick office for the suitors of the said court, and offices for the Secretaries of bankrupts and lunatics, and for building repositories for securing the title deeds of the suitors of the said court, and the records and proceedings of the commissioners of bankrupts and lunaticks.

Cap. 43. For regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar; and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands, in foreign ships.

Cap. 44. For extending the provisions of an act, made to the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to empower the magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the wages of persons employed in the silk manufacture within their respective jurisdictions, to manufactories of silk mixed with other materials; and for the more effectual punishment of buyers and receivers of silk purloined and embezzled by persons employed in the manufacture thereof.

Cap. 45. To explain and amend an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of correction.

Cap. 46. For establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

Cap. 47. To explain and amend so much of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to hackney coaches and chairs.

Cap. 48. To empower the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, to continue a section of the peace, and of oyer and terminer, begun to be held before the essoign day of term, and sitting of the King's Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such essoign day, or the sitting of the said court of Kings Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said county of Middlesex.

49. For allowing the importation of Quercitron or black oak bark, when the price of oak bark shall be under the price mentioned in an act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, and for lowering the duty payable on red Mangrove bark imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 50. For the relief of the coast trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain coast documents from stamp duties; for abolishing the bond usually called The Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting corn and grain brought coastwise to be transhipped into lighters, for the purpose of being carried through the canal from the Forth to the Clyde.

Cap. 51. To exempt certain letters passing between merchants or other persons carrying on trade or commerce in this kingdom, containing agreements with respect to merchandise, notes, or bills of exchange, from the stamp duty now imposed on written agreements.

Cap. 52. To continue, for a limited time, several acts of parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

Cap. 53. For the more effectual administration of the office of a justice of the peace in such parts of the counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the metropolis, and for the more effectual prevention of felonies.

Cap. 54. For more effectually securing the duties upon foreign printed, painted, or stained paper, imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 55. To render more effectual an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for vesting certain sums in of, at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the reduction of the national debt; and to direct the application of an additional sum to the reduction of the said debt, in case of future loans.

Cap. 56. For preventing the counterfeiting of certificates of the characters of servants.

Cap. 57. For the further regulation of parish apprentices.

Cap. 58. For the amendment of the law in proceedings upon information in nature of Quo Warranto.

Cap. 59. To amend so much of two acts, made in the twenty sixth and twenty-ninth years of the.reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the licensing of alehouse keepers and victuallers; and for better regulating alehouses, and the manner of granting such licences in future; and also of granting licences to persons selling wines to be drank in their houses.

Cap. 60. To remove doubts respecting the functions of juries in cases of libel.

Cap. 61. To indemnify persons, being proprietors, printers, and editors of newspapers and other publications, from certain penalties incurred under several acts therein mentioned, relative to lotteries.

Cap. 62. For removing the land of hackney coaches out of New Bond Street and Old Bond Street, in the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the liberty of Westminster.

Cap. 63. For granting relief to pastors, ministers, and lay persons of the episcopal communion in Scotland.

Cap. 64. For repairing, altering, and improving the parish church or Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the city of London; and for providing a workhouse for the same parish.

Cap. 65. To extend and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant Seas.

Cap. 66. For providing an additional burying ground for the use of the parish of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlesex; for shutting up the present foot path leading through the church yard, and making a commodious one in lieu thereof.

Cap. 67. For extending certain acts therein mentioned to petty officers and seamen, non-commissioned officers of marines, and marines, serving, or who may have served, on board any of his majesty's ships, and residing in Ireland.

Cap. 68. For making effectual the Statute labour in the county of Renfrew, and for levying conversion money in lieu of labour in certain cases; and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing high roads and bridges in the said county.

Cap. 69. For cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the streets, lanes, passages, and places, within the towns of Manchester and Salford, in the county palatine of Lancaster; for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said streets, lanes, and passages; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 70. For the better relief and employment of the poor of and belonging to the parish of Tewkesbury, in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 71. For enclosing, dividing, and allotting a certain common or waste ground, called Bolton Moor, and other the commons and waste grounds within the township of Great Bolton, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating the streets, lanes, passages, and places within the towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton; and for supplying the said towns with water, and for providing fire engines and firemen and for removing and preventing nuisances, incroachments, and annoyances; and for licensing and regulating hackney coaches and chairs within the said towns.

Cap. 72. For vesting in James Turner, his executors, administrators, and assigns, the sole use and property of a certain yellow colour, of his invention, throughout that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited time.

Cap. 73. For more effectually securing to Joseph Booth, and to the public, the benefit of a certain invention or discovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain.

Cap. 74. For the maintenance and improvement of the harbour of Ramsgate, in the county of Kent; and for cleaning, amending, and preserving the haven of Sandwich, in the same county.

Cap. 75. For further enlarging and improving the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland.

Cap. 76. For building a new church or chapel within the town and parish of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 77. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundreds of Cirencester, Crowthorne and Minty, Brightwells Barrow, Rapsgate, Bradley, Bisley and Longtree, commonly called Hundreds of Cirencester, in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 78. For paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving, the streets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within the borough of Derby; and for selling a certain piece of waste ground, situate within the said borough, called Nun's Green, towards defraying the expense of the said improvements.

Cap. 79. For amending an act of the sixteenth year of His present Majesty, relating to the haven and harbour of Boston, in the county of Lincoln; and for regulating the mooring and removing of ships and other vessels within the said haven and harbour, and for removing obstructions therein.

Cap. 80. For better paving, cleansing, and otherwise improving the borough of Boston, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 81. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from or from near Wyrley Bank, in the county of Stafford, to communicate with the Birmingham, and Birmingham and Fazeley canal, at or near the town of Wolverhampton, in the said county; and also certain collateral cuts therein described, from the said intended canal.

Cap. 82. For building a new gaol, a penitentiary house, and house of correction, within the city of Bristol, and for regulating, maintaining, and supporting the same; and for disposing of the present common gaol of the said city of Bristol and county of the same city, and for other purposes.

Cap. 83. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the foot of Coombe Hill, in the parish of Leigh, in the county of Gloucester, to join the river Severn, at or near a place called Fisher's, otherwise Fletcher's Leap, in the parish of Deerhurst, in the said county.

Cap. 84. For making a navigable canal from Manchester, to or near Ashton-under-lyne, and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 85. For the better relief and employment of the poor of and within such part of the parish of Whitchurch as maintains its own poor and lies within the county of Salop.

Cap. 86. For repairing or rebuilding the pier adjoining to the harbour of Broadstairs, in the Isle of Thanet, in the county of Kent; and for the better preserving the said harbour; and for removing and preventing obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances, and regulating the mooring of ships and vessels within the said harbour.

Cap. 87. To enable the dean and chapter of Hereford to rebuild the west end of the cathedral church of Hereford, and to repair other parts thereof.

Cap. 88. For rebuilding the chapel, and enlarging the chapel yard of Lane End, within the parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 89. For building a new church or chapel in the town of Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 90. For building a bridge across the river Wear, from the bank or shore thereof, in the parish of Bishop Wearmouth, in the county of Durham, to the opposite shore, in the parish of Monk Wearmouth, in the same county.

Cap. 91. For more effectually draining and preserving certain lowlands, within the parish of Great Carlton, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 92. For making a harbour in the cove of Beer, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 93. For improving the communication between the county of Edinburgh and the county of Fife, by the passages or ferries cross the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Newhaven, in the county of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntisland in the county of Fife; and for rendering the harbours and landing places more commodious.

Cap. 94. For regulating and improving the salmon fisheries in the river Nith, in the county of Dumfries.

Cap. 95. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the several parishes of Atcham, Wroxeter, Berrington, Cund, Eaton Constantine, Henley, Leighton, Uffington, and Upton Magna, and the chapelry of Cressage, in the county of Salop.

Cap. 96. For the better relief and employment of the poor; belonging to the parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and certain other parishes and places therein mentioned in the counties of Montgomery and Salop.

Cap. 97. For building a bridge, at or near the ferry over the river Thames, from Whitchurch, in the county of Oxford, to the opposite shore, in the parish of Pangbourn, in the county of Berks.

Cap. 98. For appointing commissioners to sell and dispose of a certain unfinished building at or near Taunton, in the county, of Somerset, intended for a public hospital or infirmary, and of a piece of ground belonging thereto, in case a sufficient sum of money shall not be raised by subscription, within a limited time, for finishing the said building, and paying the money due on account thereof.

Cap. 99. For the better relief and employment of the poor of the several parishes within the city of Worcester, and of the parishes of Saint Martin and Saint Clement, which are part within the city of Worcester, and part within the county of Worcester, and for providing a burial ground for the use of such parishes.

Cap. 100. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Cromford canal, in the county of Nottingham, to or near to the town of Nottingham, and to the river Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge; and also certain collateral cuts therein described from the said intended canal.

Cap. 101. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the county of Westmoreland, to West Houghton, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and also a navigable branch from the said intended canal at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg; and also another navigable branch from, at, or near, Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury in the said county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 102. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from, or from some place near Pontnewynydd, into the river Usk, at or near the town of Newport; and a collateral cut or canal from the same, at or near a place called Cryndau Farm to or near to Crumlin Bridge, all in the county of Monmouth; and for making and maintaining railways, or stone roads, from such cuts or canals, to several ironworks and mines, in the counties of Monmouth and Brecknock,

Cap. 103. For the better paving, cleaning, widening, and regulating the streets, courts, roads, lanes, ways, rows, alleys, and public passages and places, within the town of Portsea, in the county of Southampton; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions within the said town.

Cap. 104. For building a new gaol and house of correction for the town and county borough of Carmarthen, and for supplying the said town and county borough, and the liberties thereof, with water; and for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating the streets, lanes, ways, roads, and public passages, and for widening, and making the same more commodious; and removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions therein; and for other purposes.

Cap. 105. For improving the navigation of the river Medway, from the town of Maidstone, through the several parishes of Maidstone, Boxley, Allington, and Aylesford in the county of Kent.

Cap. 106. For making and maintaining a navigation from Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the town of Sleaford, in the county of Lincoln, along the course of Sleaford Mill Stream and Kyme Eau, to the river Witham, at or near Chappel Hill, in the same county, and for making necessary cuts for better effecting the said navigation.

Cap. 107. For enlarging and improving the canal called Tattershall Canal, from the river Witham to the town of Tattershall, and extending the same into the river Bain, and for making the said river Bain navigable from thence to or into the town of Horncastle, all in the county of Lincoln; and also for amending and rendering complete the navigable communication between the said river Witham and the Fosdike canal, through the High Bridge, in the city of Lincoln.

Cap. 108. For dividing, allotting, and enclosing the commons and waste grounds, within the town or hamlet of March, in the manor and parish of Doddington, in the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge; and for altering and amending an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain fen lands, low grounds, and commons, in the townships or hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the parish of Upwell, in the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge.

Cap. 109. For dividing, enclosing, draining, and improving the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the several townships or hamlets of Hessle, Anlaby, and Tranby, in the county of the town of Kingston upon Hull; and for making a compensation in lieu of tithe for certain ancient enclosed lands within the said several townships or hamlets, and also within the township or hamlet of Wooferton, otherwise Wolfreton, in the same county.

Cap. 110. For dividing and enclosing certain parts of the common, moors or tracts of waste land, called Hexhamshire, and Allendale Common, and also certain town fields within the regality or manor of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland, and for stinting the depasturing of the other parts of the said commons, moors, or waste land.

PUBLIC ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 111. For continuing and amending an act of the seventh year of his present Majesty, for amending the road from the end of the Town Close, in the county of the city of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits, near Thetford, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 112. For continuing and amending an act of the tenth year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from Saint Benedict's Gate, in the county of the city of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the county of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honingham, to the bounds of Yaxham; and also a lane called hangman's Lane, near the gates of the said city.

Cap. 113. For altering, raising, widening, repairing, and preserving the road leading from the north end of the turnpike road called The Coal Road, near West Auckland, in the county of Durham, to the Elsdon turnpike road at or near Elishaw, in the county of Northumberland; and for erecting, building, and making necessary and convenient bridges, mounts, and batteries, upon the same.

Cap. 114. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, for repaving the road from Cherrill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherrill to the Three Mile Burrough, at the top of Cherrill Hill, in the county of Wilts; and for more effectually amending the turnpike road from Chittoe Heath, to the town of Calne.

Cap. 115. For enlarging the term, and altering the powers of an act, made in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the roads from Hand Cross to Corner House, and from thence to the turnpike road leading from Horsham to Steyning, and from Corner House aforesaid to the maypole in the town of Henfield, in the county of Sussex; and also for keeping in repair a certain branch of road leading from the direction post near a certain place called The Crab Tree, in the parish of Beding otherwise Seal, through the parishes of Nuthurst and Horsham, to the town of Horsham, in the said county.

Cap. 116. For enlarging the term of an act of the tenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road from Upton, in the parish of Ratley, to the north end of Bridge Street, in the town of Great Kington, and from thence to the guide post, at the town of Wellesbourne Hastings, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 117. For repairing and widening the road leading out of the turnpike road from Dover, through Folkestone to Hythe, at a certain place called Canterbury Lane, within the liberty of the town of Folkestone, to a certain place, in the parish of Folkestone, called Mudshole; and for making a new road from thence through a certain field, called Yaldergates, through Rainden Wood, over Swingfeld Minnis, through Denton; and for repairing and widening the road from thence to the direction post on Barham Downs, in the parish of Barham, at the Four Vents.

Cap. 118. For enlarging and altering the terms and powers of two acts of parliament, made and passed in the eighteenth and twenty second years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high road leading from Boroughbridge, in the county of York, through Northallerton, in the same county, to Croft Bridge, on the river Tees, and from thence through Darlington, in the county Durham, to the city of Durham; and for reducing the said acts into one, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the said road.

Cap. 119. For more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the town of Kingston upon Thames, in the county of Surrey, to a place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 120. For making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the new bridge over the water of Almond, on the confines of the counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by the town of Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the county of Lanerk; and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, certain branches of road from the said line of road; and for building a bridge over the water of Avon at Torphichen Mill; and for discharging the trustees for executing two acts passed in the twenty sixth and twenty seventh years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and two acts passed in the fourteenth and thirty first years of the reign of his present Majesty, from the care of such part of the road from Newhouse Inn to Glasgow as leads from the confines of the parishes of Monkland and Shotts to the east boundary of Baillieston aforesaid, and putting the same under the power of the trustees appointed by this act.

Cap. 121. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the road leading from Renfrew to Greenock, by Corsehill, and by the side of the river Clyde, and by Port Glasgow, and the bridge at Inchinnan; and for more effectually making, and repairing and altering the course of the said road from Renfrew to Greenock; and for making and repairing other roads connecting therewith, and leading to and from Paisley, in the county of Renfrew, and the branches thereof; and for shutting up bye roads that are useless to the public.

Cap. 122. For making and repairing the road from the town of Lanark, to the town of Hamilton, in the county of Lanark.

Cap. 123. For enlarging the terms and powers of several acts, of the twenty sixth year of his late Majesty's reign, and, of the eleventh and fifteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the high roads in the county of Peebles; and for making the said acts more effectual, and for better regulating the Statute labour within the said county.

Cap. 124. For continuing the term, and altering the powers, of so much of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several roads leading through the county of Lanark.

Cap. 125. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to enlarge the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the road from Cramond Bridge to the town of Queensferry, in the county of Linlithgow.

Cap. 126. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the several roads, or branches of road, leading from the parishes of Toxford, Saxmundham, and Benhall, in the county of Suffolk, to the town of Aldeburgh, in the said county.

Cap. 127. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from The Hoodgate, at the west end of the town of Middleton in Teesdale, in the county of Durham, to the gate in the new enclosure called The Edge, near the collieries called West Pitts, in the parish of Saint Andrew's Auckland, in the same county; and also a branch from the said road, at or near the head of the town of Egleston, to Egleston Bridge, over the river Tees.

Cap. 123. For repairing and improving the road from the town of Chapel en le Frith to, or near to, Enterclough Bridge, in the county of Derby; and also the road from the village of Hayfield to Marple Bridge, in the said county; and also the road from the village of Glossop to a certain gate called Claylands Gate, in the township of Longdendale, on or near to the side of the turnpike road leading from Mottram to Woodhead, in the county palatine of Chester.

Cap. 129. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Swanspool Bridge, in the city of Peterborough, to the town of Thorney, in the isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge; and for altering the course of some part of the said road.

Cap. 130. For continuing and amending two acts, of the twenty sixth year of King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening the road leading from the Red Post, in the parish of Fivehead, through the towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butwell; and several other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Somerset; and for repairing, amending, and widening certain other roads within the said county.

Cap. 131. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts of the thirty first year of King George the Second, and tenth year of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the county of York.

Cap. 132. To continue the term of two acts of the seventeenth year of King George the Second, and the eleventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the end of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gatherly Moor, to Greata Bridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the north riding of the county of York.

Cap. 133; For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road from the low water mark of the river Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in the parish of Elloughton, in the east riding of the county of York, to the north end of the town of Brough, and from thence, through South Cave, to Coney Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes in the said riding.

Cap. 134. For continuing and amending two acts, of the seventeenth year of King George the Second, and the ninth year of his present Majesty, so far as relates to repairing the road from the town of Buckingham to the north extent of the parish of Hanwell, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 135. For enlarging and altering the terms and powers of two several acts of parliament, made and passed in the twenty-first and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high road from the town of Bowes, in the county of York, to Barnard Castle, in the county of Durham, and from thence, through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge, and from thence by Melderston Gill otherwise Cowndon Gill, to the turnpike road near Sunderland Bridge, in the county of Durham; and for reducing the said acts into one, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the said road.

Cap. 136. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of two acts, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road between the town of Kingston upon Hull and the town of Beverley, in the east riding of the county of York; and for repairing the road from Newland Bridge to the west end of the town of Cottingham, in the said riding.

Cap. 137. For making, amending, and keeping in repair, a road from the bottom of Mason's Lane, near the town of Bradford, in the county of Wilts, to join the turnpike road leading from the city of Bath to Kingsdown, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 138. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign, of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, and from thence to the town of Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill aforesaid to the town of Lindfield, and from the turnpike road between Cuckfield and Crawley to the town of Horsham; and also the road from Swingate, in the parish of Burwash, to Shover Green, in the parish of Ticehurst, all in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 139. For making and maintaining a road from, or nearly from, Stand Edge, within Saddleworth, in the west riding of the county of York, to or near Mump's Brooks in the township of Oldham in the parish of Prestwich, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and also a road leading out of the said intended road, through or near Dobcross, to or near a place called Wall Hill in Saddleworth aforesaid; also another road leading out of the said first mentioned road, at or near a place called Shaw Hall, to or near a place called Hollins, all in saddle worth aforesaid.

Cap. 140. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the market house in Stourbridge, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively, so far as the said acts relate to the repairing of the roads from Blakedown Pool, in the parish of Hagley and county of Worcester, to the top of Smallbrooke Street; and from The Five Ways to Easy Row, in Birmingham, in the said county of Warwick.

Cap. 141. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads leading from the town of Warminster, in the county of Wilts, and for amending several other roads in or near the said town; for repairing several roads in and leading through the town of Warminster; for paving and repairing the footways, and regulating the market, within the said town of Warminster.

Cap. 142. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Collingham, through Wetherby, to the city of York.

Cap. 143. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Burlton, in the county of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymynech, in the same county, and from Knockin to the east end of the Llanriader road; and from Place Carrack Lane to the turnpike road from Llanymynech to Oswestry, near Coid Issa mountain, and from Oswestry turnpike road on Knockin Heath, to the east end of Knockin Lane.

Cap. 144. For more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road from Penn Inn, in the county of Dorset, to or near Shipley Lane, in the parish of Honiton, in the county of Devon, and from Northcote Lane, in Honiton aforesaid, to or near Collumpton, in the said county of Devon; and several other roads in the counties of Dorset, Devon, and Somerset; and for repealing so much of an act passed in the thirty first year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An act for repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the borough of Lyme Regis, as relates to the road from Fair Mile Inn to Straightway Head otherwise Stretwood Head, in the parish of Whimple, in the said county of Devon.

Cap. 145. For repairing and improving the road leading from Cornhill Burn, by Pallinsburn and Flodden Lane to Milfield March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to Lowick, and also several other reads therein mentioned; all in the counties of Northumberland and Durham.

Cap. 146. For amending, widening, altering, and repairing the roads from Swell Wold, in the parish of Lower Swell, in the county of Gloucester, to or near the six mile stone on the turnpike road leading from the borough of Tewkesbury to the town of Stow, in the same county; and from the north-east end of The Swan Lane, in the parish of Cheltenham, in the same county, to the turnpike road leading to Evesham, in the parish of Sedgeborough, in the county of Worcester; and from the town of Winchcomb, in the said county of Gloucester, by a place called Stamp Cross, to or near the tenth mile stone on the said turnpike road, leading from Tewkesbury to Stow aforesaid.

Cap. 147. To enlarge the term, and alter and amend the powers of two several acts, passed in the thirty second year of the reign of King George the Second, and the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the south end of the South Street, in the parish of South Malling, near the town of Lewes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence through Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the parish of Alfriston, in the county of Sussex, (except so far as the said acts relate to that part of the said road which lies between a place, commonly called Bopeep, in the parish of Alciston, and Longbridge aforesaid); and for amending and keeping in repair several other roads therein mentioned, in the said county of Sussex.

Cap. 148. For repairing and improving the road leading from the town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the county of Suffolk, to and through the town of Thetford, in the county of Norfolk, to the present turnpike road leading from Lynn, through the parish of Cranwich, in the said county of Norfolk.

Cap. 149. For repealing an act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the roads from the confines of the county of Berwick, at or near Banghouse Walls, to Compton's Lanes and Eymouth, and from the town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from Whitelaw Muir to Compton's Lanes, in the county of Berwick; and for repairing, widening, and amending several roads, and for regulating the statute labour, in the said county of Berwick.

Cap. 150. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road from the market house, in the town of Great Farringdon, in the county of Berks, to Burford, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 151. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the Eaton Bridge turnpike road at Cockham Hill, in the parish of Westerham, in the county of Kent, through the village of Limpsfield, to the village of Titsey, over Botley Hill, Worms Heath, and Wallingham Common, to the turnpike road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 152. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to continue the term of two acts, made in the twenty sixth and twenty seventh years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the roads from the city of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the town of Airdrie, and from the village of Gorbals to the chapel of Cambuslang, in the counties of Lanerk and Renfrew, so far as the said act relates to the road from the city of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge; and for more effectually making, widening, repairing, and keeping in repair, the said road, and the road of communication between the said road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the canal from The Forth to The Clyde.

Cap. 153. For repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road leading from the town of Burford, in the county of Oxford, to Leachlade, in the county of Gloucester, and for making a road from thence to the river Isis or Thames; for building a bridge across the said river, and for making a road from thence to join the present road leading from Leachlade to Inglesham; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the said last mentioned road to and through the town of Highworth, in the county of Wilts, to the present turnpike road leading from Cricklade to Swindon, in the same county.

Cap. 154. For altering and enlarging the powers of an act, passed in the thirty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Livingston, by the kirk of Shots, to the city of Glasgow, and other roads therein mentioned; and for building a bridge over the river Clyde at or near Thecvesford, and for opening and making certain streets in and near the city of Glasgow; altering a part of the high road betwixt Edinburgh and Glasgow, by carrying a new line of road to the north of the hills, and another line of road by the south, and for straightening and making the roads more convenient; as also for altering the road from the city of Glasgow to the town of Hamilton, and for building a bridge over the river Clyde below the present old bridge, called Bothwell Bridge; as also for altering the road from the town of Hamilton, eastward, until it joins the great road between Edinburgh and Glasgow.

Cap. 155. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the county of the city of York, to a place near the said city called Hobmoor Lane End.

Cap. 156. For repairing, altering, and improving the road from Golden Grove Park, in the parish of Llandilofawr, to the turnpike road leading from the new bridge over the river Towy to the lime kilns in the parish of Llandarog; and also several other roads therein mentioned, all in the county of Carmarthen.

Cap. 157. For repealing an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Stone to Lane End, and to the road between Leek and Sandon, on Meir Heath, and from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Stableford, in the county of Stafford, and for granting aether powers for those purposes; and for repairing and improving the road from a place called Walton, in Stone aforesaid, to Eccleshall, in the said county of Stafford.

Cap. 158. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the east end of the bridge across the river Quze, in Downham Market, to The Queen's Head, and from The Chequer Inn, in Downham Market aforesaid, to the east end of the two mile close, in the parish of Barton, and towards Watton, to a place called The Devil's Ditch, in the county of Norfolk; and for stopping up the road leading from Stradset, through Barton Layes, towards Watton.

Cap. 159. For amending and more effectually repairing the road from The Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the county of Bedford, to The King's Arms in Hockliffe, in the said county.

Cap. 160. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Shelton to the road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Bucknall to Weston Coyney, and from the road between Cheadle and Leek to the turnpike road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same road to the road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp, at or near Ruehill Gate, in the county of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the road from Shelton to Black Lane Head, and from Buknall to Weston Coyney.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act for naturalising John Baptist Davallon.

2. An act for dividing and allotting several open and common lands and grounds, within the parish of Averbury, in the county of Wilts.

3. An act for dividing and enclosing certain commons or waste lands, being parts of Mendip Lyatt, and Dinder Hill, within the parishes of Croscombe and Dinder, in the county of Somerset.

4. An act to enable Gilbert Trowe Beckett esquire, and his issue male, to take the name, and bear the arms of Turner, pursuant to the will of Martha Turner, widow, deceased.

5. An act for naturalising Richard Walker.

6. An act for naturalising John Alphonso Boxat and Charles Frederick Brandt.

7. An act for naturalising John Mark Gourgas and James Soret.

8. An act for naturalising John William Hentig and Jacob Anderson.

9. An act for naturalising Herman Schroder.

---

10. An act to enable trustees to cut down and sell timber upon the estates devjfed and settled by the will of Ralph Carr esquire, and to invert the moneys arising therefrom in the purchase of lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the uses of the will, and for Other purposes therein mentioned.

11. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of wall in the Would in the county of Leicester

12. An act for carrying into execution an agreement between the master and scholars of Balliol College, in the university of Oxford, and the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, for vetting in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their successors, certain ground and buildings in the parish of Saint Lawrence Jewry, London, and for securing to the said matter and scholars, and their successors, certain yearly rents in lieu thereof,

13. An act to dissolve the marriage of William Raybould with Joannab Pearfall, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Larking esquire, with Elizabeth Marcon, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

15. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Wilmot esquire, with Fanny Sainthill, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

16. An act for dividing and allotting in several ty the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common pastures, and commonable places, in the parish of Knooke, in the county of Wilts.

17. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open fields and grounds, within the parish of North Grimston, in the east riding of the county of York,

18. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Redmile, in the county of Leicester.

19. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, ings, common meadows, and other commonable lands in the parish of Wood Enderby, in the county of Lincoln.

20. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Broadwell> in the county of Gloucester,

21. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, downs, commons, and commonable lands within the parish of Turkdean, in the county of Gloucester.

22. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other common able places, in the parish of Aynho, in the county of Northampton.

23. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing certain waste land moors, or commons, within the manor of Reedfdale, and parish of Corfenfide, in the county of Northumberland,

24. An act for vesting a leasehold estate, late of John black burn inquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and for applying the money arising therefrom in the manner therein mentioned.

25. An act for dividing and enclosing the common marsh, and other waste grounds, in the parish of Tydd Saint Mary, in the county of Lincoln.

26. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in several ty, the open and common fields, common pastures, and other common able lands or grounds, within the parish of Ogbourn Saint George, in the county of Wilts.

27. An act for effectuating certain exchanges between "the right honourable the ear! Fitzwilliam and Francis Ferrand fou jambe esquire, and the right honourable the lord Hawk and the said Francis Ferrand Foljambe> and to enable trustees to make future exchanges of a detached part of the estates of the said Francis Ferrand Foljambe.

28. An act for discharging part of the leasehold estates of Edward Baron de Clifford, in Spring Garden, in Middlesex from the pin money jointure, and younger childrens portions secured thereon, and for making such portions the first charge upon the residue of the funds subjected thereto, and for impowering the trustees of the said Baron de Clifford to sell the remainder of the said leaseholds, and apply the produce upon the trusts of his marriage settlement, and until faley to grant building and repairing leases.

29. An act for vesting the lands and estates of Melgund and Kynnyndmond, and other lands and estates comprised in the deed of entail executed by the deceased sir Alexander Murray baronet, upon the thirteenth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, in trustees, in trust to sell the same, and in veil the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands, to ba settled and secured to the same series of heirs, and under the same conditions and limitations as are contained in the aforesaid deed of entail.

30. An act for enabling the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of the holy and undivided Trinity of Bristol to grant a lease of part of the lands of the said dean and chapter, in the parish of Saint Michael the archangel, in the city of Bristol, for the purpose of building thereon.

31. An act for vesting in trustees the legal estate in fee simple of diverse manors and other hereditaments, mortgaged or conveyed in trust to John Trehawh, esquire, deceased, after the date of his will.

32. An act to enable the vicar of the parish and parish church of Saint Mary jjlington, in the county of Middlesex, to grant building leases of certain glebe lands belonging to the said vicarage.,

33. An act for confirming and carrying into execution certain articles of agreement, made and entered into between the reverend John Taylor, curate of the curacy of Clifton, in the parish of Westbury upon Trym, in the county of Gloucester, and Harry Eldertony of the city of Bristol, gentleman, for granting a building lease of a certain piece or parcel of ground belonging to the said curacy.

34.. An act to empower Philip Goldfworthy esquire, tenant for life under the will of Martha Gajbry deceased, to grant building or repairing leases.

35. An act to enable the trustees in the settlement executed

A TABLE

on the marriage of Henry Tenge esquire, and Ann Eliza his wife, to sell and dispose of a capital message or fnansion house, and other hereditaments, in the county of Somerset, and to lay out the money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of old South Sea annuities, upon the trusts of the said settlement,

An act for vesting the settled estates of Thomas Griffith esquire, and Henrietta Maria his wise, in the parish of kidding tonne alias Cuddington, in the county of Chester, and in the parishes oi Llanviiling and Tenant, in the county of Montgomery, in sir Richard Brook baronet, as mortgage in fee simple, and for vesting. the equity of redemption thereof in the said Thomas Griffith, and his heirs, and for settling an estate of the said Thomas Griffith, in the parish of Mould, in the county of Flint, in lieu thereof.

37. An act to enable Edward Curtis, during his life, and, after his death, the guardians of his children, during their minority, to grant building leases of certain pieces of ground at Clifton, in the county of Gloucester.

38. An act for vesting certain settled leasehold lands and tenements of Edward Daniel gentleman, and Catherine his wife, in that part of the parish of Clifton which lies within the city, of Bristol, in trustees, to be sold, and for applying the, money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of other lands, to be settled upon the trusts of the said settled, estates.

39. An act to enable the heir, or heirs at law, of the surviving trustee of lands and hereditaments, in the parishes of chal forit Saint Peter s and Ivor, in the county of Bucks, purchased with part of the personal estate of Charles Churchill esquire, deceased, by virtue of an act of parliament, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, to sell and convey the same lands and hereditaments, for a confederation to be paid into the hands of the trustees of the personal estate of Charles Churchill esquire, deceased; also to enable the said trustees to invest the said purchase money, and other the said personal estate, in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the uses, and with the limitations, mentioned in the said act of parliament, and again to sell and dispose of the same lands and hereditaments, and any other lands that may be purchased under the same ad, or by virtue of this act, and to invest the purchase moneys arising therefrom either in the public funds, or upon securities, or in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be conveyed to the same uses,

An act for vesting those parts of the lands and estate of Blythswood, and others, which lie in the county of Lanerk, in trustees, for the purpose of selling or feuing the same, and for inverting the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands and estates, more commodious and contiguous to the other and greater part of the said estate of Blythfivood, which lies in the county of Renfrew, and for settling and securing the lands and estates, so to be purchased, to, and in favour of, the same series of heirs, in fee tail, and under the same restrictions,

conditions, and limitations, as are mentioned and contained in a deed of entail, made in the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, by Colin Campbell, of Blythswood, deceased.

41. An act to subject and charge a competent part of the settled estates of James Tempter esquire, in the county of Devon, with a sum of money to be applied and disposed of for the purposes therein mentioned.

42. An act for vesting certain messuages, lands, and other hereditaments, in the countries of Berks and Bucks (being the estates deviled and settled by the will of Cathei'ine Edwin spinster, deceased) in rrustees, to be sold and conveyed to John mar tindale esquire, and his heirs, and for laying out the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be more conveniently situate as therein mentioned, to be settled to the same uses as the said settled estates now stand settled by the said will.

43. An act to enable the rector of the parish and parish church of Prestwich cum Oldham, in the county paiarine of Lancaster\ for the time being, to grant leases of the glebe belonging to the said rectory.

44. An act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a partition between Daniel Leo esquire, and Letitia his wife, and Mary Puleston widow, of several estates in the counties of Flinty Denbigh, and Caernarvon, late the estates of John Davies of Liancrtby esquire, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

45. An act for effectuating and establishing an exchange agreed upon between Charles duke of Norfolk, and Francis fcr ratid Foljambe esquire, of certain lands and other hereditaments, in the counties of York, Nottingham, and Derby.

46. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, and other commonable and wade lands, within the parish of tvelton in the Marsh, in the county of Lincoln.

47. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Vffington, in the county of Lincoln.

48. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and waste grounds within the manor or liberty of Stanley, in the county of Derby.

49. An act for dividing and enclosing the open arable fields, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the township of Syerston^ in the county of Nottingham.

50. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, moors, meadows, and pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the parish of Tealby, otherwise tev\lby, in the county of Lincoln.

51. An act for enclosing, and leasing or letting, certain commons, or waste grounds, lying within the parish of Colton, in the county of Stafford, and applying the profits thereof in aid of the poor's rates in the said parish, and for making exchanges of lands within the said parish.

52. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a tract of

A TABLE of the STATUTES

common or wade land, part of the forest of Mendip lying within the manors of East horringuon and Gbilcoty in the out parish of Saint Cuthbert in jvelhy in the county of Somerset.

53. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the parish of Statherny in the county of Leicester.

54. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the commons and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Mould, in the county of Flint.

55. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, and waste lands, called Cheflyn Common, in the liberties of Great Saredon, Little Saredony and Great Wyrley, in the county of Stafford.

56. An act to extend the powers and provisions of an act, of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty, for dividing and enclosing the open fields, ings, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor and township of Hutton Bushelly in the north riding of the county of York, to the township of west Aytony in the parish of Hutton Bushell aforesaid.

57. An act for dividing and enclosing the several open common fields, meadows, ings, commons, and waste grounds, in the avianor and township of Monk fryjlony in the west riding of the county of York.

58. An act for dividing and enclosing the open arable fields,

ings, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within the town ship. of Tockwitbyin the parish of Biltany in the county of the city'of York,

59. An act For dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, 'common pastures, and other common able lands and waste, grounds, within the several parishes of rod marton and Coat, in the county of Gloucester \ and also for settling and ascertaining. the boundaries of the said parishes.

60. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields and waste lands within the common fields only, in the parish of Monk Sherborne, in the county of Southampton.

61. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common downs, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Ship tonne, in the county of Southampton.

62. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of hems vjell the county of Lincoln.

63. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, coppices, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Lambley, in the county of Nottingham.

64. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and enclosed common fields, common woods, wastes, commons, and other lands, within the parish of Gedling, comprising the several hamlets of Gedling^ Stoke Bardolphy and Carlton in the county of not tin o ham.

65. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open

A TABLE of the STATUTES

fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in Great Weldon and Little Weldon, in the county of Northampton.

66. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commons, heaths, waste and other commonable lands or grounds, within3the manor and chapelry of Stouthleigh, in the parish of Stanton Harcourt, in the county of Oxford.

67. An acts for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, forest commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Basford, in the county of Nottingham.

68. An act to enable Nut comb ^htick, of Nutcombe, in the county of Devon, clerk, and his first and other Tonnes and their issue male, and his daughters and their issue, to take and use the surname of Nutcombe, according to the last will and testament of Hannah Nutcombe Bluett deceased, and for ratifying conveyances made by the said Nutcombe §>uicky and his only son, by the surname of Nutcombe.

69. An act for naturalising Joseph Ventura

70. An act for naturalising Anne Marie Mainwaring and fames Mainwaring.

71. An act for vesting several lands and hereditaments, of which Jacob earl of Radnor is tenant for life, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the money to arise therefrom in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the like uses, in lieu thereof.

72. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, common meadows and pasture, waste grounds, hills, downs, and other commonable and waste lands, within the several manors of Lower otherwise Nether Hampeny Shipton Sollers and Shipton ouiffey in the parishes of Shipton Sollers and Shipton Ollisse, in the county of Gloucester, and Come pieces of land which extend into the parishes of Whittington and Dowdeswell, in the same county.

End of the TABLE

THE

STATUTES at Large,

Anno regni GEORGII III.

nee Britannia.) Francice,

tricesimo secundo.

jat

parliament begun and holder at Westminster

the twenty fifth day of November,

Anno Domini 1790, in the thirty first year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the,

by the grace of God; of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, desaider of the f, C And from thence continued) by several prorogations, to the thirty first day of January 1792; being the second session of the seventeenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act to extend to tie provisions of certain acts of parliament made to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An add to explain and amend jigro 3.0.43 an act, made in the lad: session of parliament, intituled An act to and 28 Geo 3 regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to a recited serve in parliament; it is enacted, That, on the day appointed by the house of commons for taking into corjicleration any petition complaining of an undue eledhon, or return of any member to serve in parliament, the house shall not proceed to any other business whatsoever, except the swearing of members, previous to the reading the order of the day for that purpose; and whereas by an act, pajfea in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 2. [1792.

to serve in parliament, it is enacted, "That it shall and may be lawful for the house, previous to the reading such order, to proceed to such other business as in the said act is particularly specified: and whereas it is of importance, that the like power Should be extended to the several cases herein after mentioned, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That on the day appointed by the house for taking into consideration any petition complaining of an undue election, or return of any member to serve in parliament, or the petition of any person or persons desiring to oppcfe any right of election, or the right of choosing, nominating, or appointing any returning officer or returning officers, which flail have been deemed valid by the determination of any select committee, it shall and may be lawful for the house, previous to the reading the order or orders for edyor trial of taking any such petition or petitions into consideration, to rearticles of ceive any message or messages from the lords; and also that it b^hnefsr^cef an may lawful for the house, on the days appointed for iary for car the trial of any articles of impeachment exhibited or to be exhi ryingon the bitea^by the commons before the lords in parliament, previous prosecution the reading any such order or orders as aforesaid, to proceed to

manner bec an business that may be necessary for the purpose of carrying on

proceeded on the prosecution of such impeachment

On days appointed by the commons for taking petitions into con fule rati on, mat Pages from the lords may be received previous to rvacling the order of the day; and on days appoint

CAP. II.

An act to repeal the duties on certain inhabited houses containing less than seven windows, or lights, granted by an act of the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his 6 Geo. 3. C 38. present Majesty, intituled An for repealing the several recited. duties upon houses, windows, and lights, and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows, and lights), it ivas among other; things enacted, That there Should be charged, raised, levied, and paid? unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, several rates and ditties upon houses therein after mentioned; that is to say; for every dwelling house inhabited, which then was or thereafter Should be 1 rested within that part of Great Britain called England, the yearly sum of three fillings; and for every dwelling house inhabited, which then was or thereafter Should be erected within that pari of Great Britain called Scotland, the yearly sum of one hilling: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pre from April 5, sent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, no dwelling house inhabited throughout Great Britain, which flail not contain more than six windows or lights shall be charged or chargeable with the said respective rates and duties of three billings, and one hilling, but shall be wholly freed,

1792, no dwelling house containing less than seven window's chargeable

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C

exempted, and discharged therefrom; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the powers and authorities given and granted by the said recited act, or any other act of parliament, in relation to the said recited rates and duties, shall be no longer used, applied, or put in execution, with respect to such d welling houses inhabited within Great Britain which shall not contain seven windows or lights, but shall in that respect cease and determine; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering of any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said rates and duties, and to the accounting for the same, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon or at any time before the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, any tiding herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt from the payment of the said recited duties, any edifice in any of the inns of court or chancery, or any chamber or apartment in any college or hall, in any of the universities of Great Britain, by reason of such edifice, chamber, or apartment, separately containing less than seven windows or lights, but that the same shall be charged as before the making of this act; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

455

with the duty imposed by the recited at.

Act not to extend to apartments in inns of court, & C

CAP. III.

An act for repealing the duties on female servants.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to repeal the duties a5geo.3x.4ft* on male servants, and for granting new duties on male and female recited, servants; it was enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty five, there Should be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, by all p erf on s who Should retain or employ any female servant or servants, such yearly suns as are therein mentioned: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, From April from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred 5* i.793, > the and ninety-two, the duties on female servants granted by the said ale fa*vants recited act shall cease and determine; and that then, and from granted by*thenceforth, all the powers and authorities given and granted, and the recited the rules and regulations established and prescribed by the said to cea&* recited act, or by any other act of parliament, in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering levying, and paying the said duties, and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, shall also cease and determine; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering of any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said duties, and to the accounting for the same, or to apy penalty or forfeiture which shall have

45

[Preamble.]

23geo, 3. C. 66. and

25 Geo. 3. c. 47.

recited.

From April 5, 1792, the duties imposed by the first related act to cease.

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 4. [1791.

been incurred upon or at anytime before the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. IV.

An act for repealing the duties on wagons, wains, carts, and other carriages, granted by an ai of the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty federal rates and duties upon wagons, wains, carts and other such carriages, not charged with any duty under the 'management of the commissioners of excise; certain rates and duties were charged upon every person who should keep any wagon, wain, cart, or other such carriage with three or four wheels, or any cart 'or other carriage with two wheels, (except such carriages as were then charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of excise), and the said rates and duties zuere placed under the receipt and management of the commissioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper: and whereas by another act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned, from the commissioners of excise and the of of lamps respectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in respect to the said duties so trans rerred; the receipt and management of the said recited rates and duties were transferred from the said of of'ft amps to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and the several powers, rules, methods, regulations, and provisions, by the said ai of the twenty-third year of his said Majesty prescribed, were determined, and further provisions were made for levying, collecting, and securing the said recited rates and duties: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, the several rates and duties granted by the said al of the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, shall cease and determine; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the powers and authorities given and granted, and the rules and regulations established and prescribed by the said recited act of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, for or in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying the said rates and duties, and all penalties in respect thereof, shall also cease and determine; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering of any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said rates and duties, and to the accounting for the same, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon or at any time before the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, anything before contained to the contrary notwithstanding

457

x792-3 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 5, 6!

CAP. V

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two. — 4s. in the pound in England, to raise 1, 989, 6731. 7s. iod. iq. in Scotland, 47, 954l. is. ad. — total 2, 037, 6271. 93. CD iq.

CAP. VI.

An act for repealing the duties upon malt, granted by an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled,

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon malt.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the thirty sirs year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for granting to his 31 Geo. 3. 0.3. Majesty additional duties upon malt,) certain additional duties were recited, imposed, upon.malt, and certain allowances were dir eft ed to be paid and allowed, out of the moneys to arise by thefa id duties, to every common br eiver or other p erf on or persons who brewed beer or ale, and sold or tapped out the same publicly or privately: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and b V the authority of the same, That, from and after and from April the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, 5> r792j the the said duties shall cease and determine; save and except in all

cases relating to the recovering of any arrears thereof respectively cease. which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Allowances the said allowances shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid granted by re or payable to any common brewer, or other person or persons who midi for shall brew beer or ale, and sell or tap out the same publicly or beer begun to privately, for or in respect of any beer or ale whatsoever which be brewed af shall be begun to be brewed after the first day of April one thou ter April 1, sand seven hundred and ninety-two. 1792.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That For dry un there shall be paid to every maltster, or maker of malt for sale, ground malt seller or retailer of malt, brewer, aistiller, innkeeper, victualler, or X

vinegar maker, for such malt as shall be in the itock, custody, or and<april 6,possession, of such person or persons, for all dry unground malt, 1792, an al which he, she, or they shall produce to the sight of the officer or lowance to be officers of excise, and which shall be taken an account of, mac^e>v1z* and the quantity thereof ascertained by such officer or officers i n manner he rein after mentioned, between the first day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and the sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and for which the said duties shall have been charged or paid, the several allowances and sums of money following; that is say,

458 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 6. [1792.

3d. per bushel

For every bushel of such dry unground malt, in that part of in England, Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon and Tweed the sum of threepence;

aq. in And for every bushel of such dry unground malt, in that part

Scotland. of Great Britain called Scotland, the sum of one penny halfpenny.

No person to WAND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no be inti tied to maltsters or makers of malt For sale, sellers or retailers of malt the said al brewers, distillers, innkeepers, victuallers, or vinegar makers, shall htco^plies^3 ave or be entitled to any such allowance, flnless he, she, or they with the regu shall respectively give notice in writing, two days previous to the relations herein cond day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to the iperified. proper officer of excise of his, her, or their name and place of abode, and also of the particular house, outhouses, barn, or other place where any dry unground malt, for or in respect of which he, she, or they intends or intend to claim any such allowance, shall be kept, laid, or deposited, and unless he, she, or they shall also, before the said second day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, place all such malt, for or in respect of which he, she, or they intends or intend to claim any such allowance as shall then be actually dried and finished into such form as shall enable the officer or officers of excise conveniently to guage, take an account of and ascertain the quantity thereof; and in case any corn or grain which shall be in operation for the making thereof into malt, upon any of those respective days before mentioned, shall be actually dried, finished, and made into malt by any maltster, or maker of malt for late, before the time when the officer or officers of excise shall take an account of the dry unground malt in the stock, custody, or possession of such maltster or maker of malt, or in case any dry unground malt shall be brought by water under the regulations in this act contained, and shall be delivered into the stock of any such maltster, or maker of malt for sale, seller or retailer of malt, brewery distiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar maker, before the officer or officers shall have taken such account thereof as aforesaid, then and in every such case, no such maitfters or makers of malt for sale, sellers or retailers of malt, brewers, distillers, innkeepers, victuallers, or vinegar makers, shall have or be entitled to any such allowance in respect of such malt, unless he, she or they shall give previous notice in writing by the space of twelve hours to the proper officer of excise of his, her, or their intention to claim such allowance in respect of such malt, and of the place where such malt shall be kept or deposited, and shall place all such malt into the like form, so that the officer or officers of excise may conveniently take such account thereof, as is by this at directed.

The position V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a^reeable tef ater any or or re^pe(^ of which any such allowance may this aw, not be claimed, shall have been placed in such form as is directed by to be altered this act, no maltster or maker of malt for sale, seller or retailer of before April 6, malt or beer, or distiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar maker,

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 6. 459

shall, on any pretence whatever, alter the position thereof, until after7? > p pe the fifth day of one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; and that no maltster or maker of malt for sale, seller or retailer^before that of malt, brewer, distiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar maker, day all claim fnali remove, carry, or send away, or cause or procure to be re to an allow moved, carried, or sent away, any such malt from the house, outhouses, barn, or other place in which the same shall have been so '* guaged, or an account taken thereof, before the sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; and if any such maltster or maker of malt for sale, seller or retailer of malt, brewer, distiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar maker, hall, contrary to the directions of this at, alter the position of any such malt, for or in respect of which he, she, or they shall claim any such allowance, the person or persons so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and if any maltster or maker of malt for sale, seller or retailer of malt, brewer, distiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar maker, shall remove, carry, or send away, or cause or procure to be removed, carried, or sent away, any such malt, before the said sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, contrary to the directions of this act, he, file, or they shall forfeit all right, tide, or claim, to any allowance which he, she, or they might otherwise have been entitled to under or by virtue of this act, for or in respect of such malt so removed, carried, or sent away.

VI. Provided always nevertheless. That all brewers, distillers, but on giving innkeepers, victuallers, and vinegar makers, who shall give to the jjotl(: e 33 officer or officers of excise, under whose survey he, she, or they f^be^an'y shall then be, previous notice in writing, by the space of twenty quantity four hours of his, her, or their intention to make use of any such thereof may malt, so that the officer may attend and take an account, and af^certain the true quantity thereof, specifying the quantity so intended to be used, shall be at liberty to make use of such quantity of his, her, or their malt, for or in respect of which he, she, or they shall claim any such allowance, without being liable to forfeit his, her, or their right, title, or claim to such allowance, for or in respect thereof, anything herein before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding, so that the residue of such malt shall be left and placed in such form and position as to enable the officer or officers of excise to guage, take account and ascertain the quantity thereof, in the manner herein before directed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Between April it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the officer and officers

of excise at his and their free will and pleasure, at anytime or office rs^may, times, in the daytime, between the first day of April one thousand in the day seven hundred and ninety-two, and the sixth day of April one thou" time, enter seven hundred and ninety-two, to enter and go into every house, puthouse, barn, or other place respectively, where any such l3 malt, for or in respect of which any such allowance shall be posited. claimed, shall be put, laid, or deposited, and to take a true and particular account, and ascertain the exact quantity thereof, by gtjage or n^eafiirement: and if any person or persons whatsoever Penalty on - TT L shall p rions Q

Hh

4-6q

structing officers in the execution of their duty.

Duty under the recited act not payable for corn in operation when the account of unground malt is taken, if kept fe par ate till April 6, 1792, C

Officer to give a certificate of the amount of the allowance, C to the persons entitled thereto.

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 6. [1792.

shall prevent or hinder any oftcer or officers of excise from enter ing or going into any such house, outhouses, barn or other place, or from taking such account, or ascertaining the quantity of such malt as aforesaid, or shall make use of or practice, or cause to be made use of or practised, any act, contrivance, or device whatever, whereby the officer or officers of excise may be obstructed in guaging, taking an account of, or ascertaining the true quan r tity of such malt, or whereby his Majesty may be defrauded, or shall obstru6l or hinder any such officer or officers in the taking of such account, and ascertaining the quantity of any such malt as aforesaid, or in the execution of any of the powers or authorities to such officer or officers given or granted by this at, the person or persons so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and shall likewise forfeit all right and title to any allowance which he, she, or they might otherwise have been entitled to under or by virtue of this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the duty imposed by the said al shall not be paid or payable for or in respect of any corn or grain actually in operation for the making thereof into malt, by any maltster or maker of malt for sale, at the time when the officer or officers of excise shall take an account of the dry unground malt in the flock, custody, or possession of such maltster or maker of malt for sale, under or by virtue of this act; provided every part of such corn or grain, which shall be actually dried, finished, and made into malt by such maltster or maker of malt for sale, after such officer or officers shall have taken such account as aforesaid, and before the said sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be kept separate and apart from all other corn, grain, or malt, uijtil the said sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and that it be produced to the sight of the proper officer or officers of excise, in order that he or they may take an account, and ascertain the true quantity thereof, whenever such officer or officers shall think fit so to do before the said sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; and that no allowance be'claimed or made by virtue of this act in respect thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officer and officers of excise, or some or one of them, who shall have taken such account as aforesaid, shall, with all convenient speed after such account shall be taken, and the quantity of such malt ascertained as aforesaid, give to every maltster and maker of malt for sale, seller or retailer of malt, brewer, distiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar maker, entitled to the allowance for or in respect of such malt, without fee or reward, a certificate expressing the true quantity of such malt, and the amount of the allowance for such malt, and specifying the name and place of abode of the person or persons entitled thereto, and whether he, she, or they is or are maltsters or makers of malt for sale, sellers or retailer's of malt, brewers, distrliers, innkeepers, vidluauers, or vinegar makers respectively.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 6. 461

any maltster or maker of malt for sale, who, within twenty days Within 20 next preceding the second day of April one thousand seven hundred days preced and ninety-two, hail have occasion to ship, or put on board any 1^, 2, notice hip, barge, or other vessel, any malt which hath been charged with of shipping the additional duty imposed by the said act, for the purpose of trans malt intended porting or conveying the same by water, from one part of this kingdom to another, shall give forty-eight hours notice in writ given to ing to the proper officer of excise, of his, her, or their intention the proper to ship or put any such malt on board any such hip, barge, or officer, who other vessel for the purpose aforesaid, so that such officer may at tend and take an account of such malt, expressing in such notice te quantity the quantity of such malt so intended to be slipped or put on board, to the mate and the hip, barge, or other vessel, in which the same is intended to C be shipped or put on board, and also the name of the master, or other person, having or taking the charge or command of such ship, barge, or other vessel, and likewise the name or names of the person or persons to whom, and of the place or port to which such malt is consigned, or where the same is intended to be landed, then such officer or officers of excise shall, and is and are hereby required, on being satisfied that the malt specified in such notice is really and truly hipped or put on board such hip, barge, or other vessel, to give, without fee or reward, a transire or certificate specifying the quantity of malt so shipped or put on board, the time when, and the place at which the same was so hipped or put on board, and the names and places of abode of the person or persons from whom, and of the person or persons to whom the same is consigned; the place at which the same is intended to be landed; Mailers, on and the master, or other person having or taking the charge or com arrival at the mand of such ship, barge, or other vessel, is hereby directed and re quired within twelve hours (or sooner if demanded) after the arrival of such ship, barge, or other vessel, at the port or place to which such transire to malt is consigned, or where the same is intended to be landed, to the officer of deliver such transire or certificate to the proper officer of excise. excise.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if malt fois any ship, barge, or other vessel, having on board any such malt, carried shall for or in respect: whereof any such transire or certificate shall have been granted, hall not arrive at the port or place to which such malt 0fpccr (h dl shall be consigned, or where the same is, in such transire or certificate, h ive taken expressed to be intended to belanded, till alter the proper officer or of an account ficers of excise shall have taken an account of the dry unground malt of the con^the stock, custody, or possession of the person or persons respecth<fftrffi give*tively to whom such malt is consigned, that then and in such case a certificate it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper officer or officers of the quan* of excise, upon due notice from the master, or other person hav tity, and of the ing or taking the charge or command of such ship, barge, or other vow vesselj and upon the delivery of such transire or certificate as afore ance, C said, to attend, guage, or measure and ascertain the exact: quantity of all such malt; and thereupon such officer or officers of excise shall, with all convenient speed, and without fee or reward, grant and give to the person or persons to whom such make shall be consigned, a certificate or certificates expressing the true quantity of such

462 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 6. [1792.

malt, the name and place of abode of the person or persons inti tied to the allowance for or in respect of such malt, and whether he, she, or they is or are maltsters or makers of malt for sale, sellers or retailers of malt, brewers, distillers, innkeepers, victuallers, or vinegar makers, and the amount of the allowance for or in respect of such malt.

Malt so

XII. Provided always nevertheless, That in case any such malt

sc°tland^tom ave keen krought h7 water from any port or place in that

England, and Part Great Britain called Scotland, into any port or place in not arriving that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, till after or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and shall not have arrived at such ^prfiable to mentlone(^ Port or place after the said fifth day of April the additional one ^housand seven hundred and ninety-two, the additional duty duty, C imposed by the said act, upon the bringing such malt into such last mentioned port or place, shall not be charged or payable, nor shall any greater allowance be made or granted in respect thereof, than is hereby directed to be made and granted for malt in that part of of Great Britain called Scotland.

; Ko certificate

XIII. Provided also, That no such certificate as last mentioned as last men shall be delivered, unless the matter, or other person having or tak tioned to be ing^c}iarge or command of such ship, barge, or other vessel, gran ec, une s make oath before any of the commissioners of excise, or the person appointed by the commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, for that purpose, or before the proper collector or supervisor of excise (which oath the said of and the person appointed by them, and the collectors and supervisors of excise, are respectively hereby authorised and empowered to administer), that such malt is the same malt as is mentioned in the transire or certificate then produced, and that no allowance has been obtained or demanded for any part of the same, by virtue of this act since the same was shipped or put on board the ship, barge, or other vessel, in which the same was so transported or removed.

XIV. Provided also, That all such malt which shall be so shipped, put on board and transported as aforesaid, and which shall not arrive at the place to which the same is consigned, or where the same is to be landed, till after the officer or officers of excise shall have taken an account and ascertained the quantity of dry unground malt in the stock, custody or possession of the maltster or maker of malt for sale, seller or retailer of malt, brewer, distiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar maker, to whom such malt shall be consigned or delivered, and before the sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be kept separate and apart from all other malt, till the said sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

Penalty on re

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That she^vessel or n ca^e ZPA ma which shall be shipped or put on board any ship, landing at any barge, or other vessel, according to the directions of this act, and for other place which such transire or certificate as aforesaid shall have been than where granted, shall be unshipped and put on board any other ship, barge, malt ttifpt'to boat, or otfier vessel, or landed at any other port or place than that be carried. to which the faixie shall fc consigned, or where the same is, in coastwise. fuel

the master make oath that the malt is the same as mentioned in the transire, C

and such malt to be kept separate till April 6, 179s.

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 6. 4

such transire or certificate, expressed to be intended to be landed (except in case of distress or other unavoidable accident or necessity, of which the matter, or other person having or taking tlje charge or command of such ship, barge, or other vessel, shall give immediate notice to the nearest officer of excise), that then not only all the malt which shall be so unshipped or landed shall be forfeited, but the matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of any such ship, barge, or other vessel, and also the person or persons concerned in the unshipping or landing of such malt as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That in case the matter, or other person having or taking the [n^er8.nj'" charge or command of any ship, barge, or other vessel, in or on deliver tran board of which any malt, for which such transire or certificate fires.

as aforesaid shall have been granted, shall have been shipped, shall neglect or refuse to deliver such transire or certificate to the officer of excise within twelve hours (or sooner if demanded) after the arrival of such ship, barge or other vessel, at the port or place to which such malt shall be consigned, or where the same is, in such transire or certificate, expressed to be intended to be landed, that then, and in every such case, such matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of any such ship, barge, or other vessel, shall forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds, and no allowance shall be made for such malt.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons conn that if any person or persons shall counterfeit or forge, or cause terfeiting certo be counterfeited or forged, any certificate by this at required

or directed, or shall knowingly or willingly give any false 5

or untrue certificate, or shall fraudulently alter or erase, or cause to be fraudulently altered or erased, any certificate granted by any officer or officers of excise, or shall make use of any certificate knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, false, untrue, altered, or erased; every such person or persons shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Certificates to any such certificate given by any officer or officers of excise for any^allowance to be made or granted by virtue of this at as aforesaid, be montils ancp ing produced by such maltster or maker of malt for Tale, seller or re before six tailer of malt, brewer, dittiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar months from maker, or his, her, or their agent or agents, to the of of

excise, or to the person appointed by them, or the major part of them, granted; amj to receive the same, for such malt as shall be taken an account of oath made to under or by virtue of this act, within the limits of the chief office the particu of excise in London, or to the collector of excise of the collection jars cetin in which any such certificate shall be granted for such malt, as shall be taken an account of under and by virtue of this act, out of the said Jimits, at anytime after the expiration of four months, and before the expiration of six months, from the time of the granting thereof, and oath having been made by such maltster and maker of malt for sale, seller or retailer of malt, brewer, dittiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar maker, before any of the said commissioners of excise, or

o the

464 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 6[1792.

the person appbinted by the said commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, for that purpose, or before such collector, or before the supervisor of excise of the di vision or district in which any such malt shall have been taken an account of, and the quantity thereof ascertained according to the directions of this act, (which oath the said of and person appointed by them, and the collectors and supervisors of excise, are respectively hereby authorised and empowered to administer), that he, she, or they has or have no reason to believe, but that the proper duties have been paid or charged for and in respect of the malt specified in such certificate, and that the said malt or any part thereof, hath not been taken an account of for the purpose of obtaining the allowance granted by this act in any place or places, save and except in the Hock, custody, or possession of the person or persons making the said oath, and claiming the allowance for or in respect of such malt, and that the said malt was the property of the said person or persons, or was held by him, her, or them as the property, or for the use of some other maltster or maker of malt for sale, seller or retailer of malt, brewer, distiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar maker; and that all the malt which was actually in operation at the time when the officer or officers of excise took an account of the dry unground malt in the flock, custody, or possession of such maltster or maker of malt for sale, and which in order to exempt the same from the said duty imposed by the said act, made in the thirty first year of his present Majesty's reign, is by this act required to be kept separate and apart from Allowances to all other corn, grain, or malt, hath been so kept, the said commis be paid out sioners of excise, or the major part of them, or such collector as aforesaid, being satisfied of the truth of such oath, shall forthwith, out of the money in their hands respectively, on account of the duties hereby repealed, if they respectively shall have sufficient money on such account, pay to the maltster or maker of malt for sale, seller or retailer of malt, brewer, distiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar maker, or to his, her, or their agent or agents entitled to the same, the allowance specified in such certificate; and if the said of or collectors respectively shall not have sufficient money on such account in their respective hands for the purpose aforesaid, the said of or collectors respectively shall pay the said allowance out of any money in their respective hands, arising from the duties imposed on malt by an

om^thejiuty ar mace

in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present malt 7 Geo. intituled An act for repealing the several duties of customs

3. C 13* and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying tl>e

said duties, together with the other duties compofeng the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchan clife^ the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lively, u 1. to the reduction of the national debt.

ina^b^aied68

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, for, and how That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed or created by to be applied, this act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or rpitigated, by such

ways

of money in hand of the repealed duties,

or out of any

money arising

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 7. 465

ways, means or methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by ablion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland xzfyz&i\vz\y, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty or forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That All laws re all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, fating to the clauses, matters and things, which in and by an act made in the ^d^o°this* twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An ac act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service, and purveyance and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established, shall be pradfcifed, used, and put in execution in and for the purposes of this act:, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters and things, were particularly repeated and reenacted in this present act.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Person3 taking That any person or persons who shall be convicted of wilfully false oaths, taking a false oath in any of the cases in which an oath is required liable to the to be taken by this act, shall be liable to the pains and penalties to pena ties or which persons are liable to for wilful and corrupt perjury. perjury.

CAP. VII.

An act for repealing a certain part of the duty upon all candles (except wax andfpermaceti candles.)

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty seventh year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing 27 Geo. 3x.13* the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other recited. duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, a certain duty of excise of one penny halfpenny is imposed for every pound weight ad*virdupoife of candles of tallow, and other candles whatsoever (except wax and spermaceti candlesmade in Great Britain, and a certain drawback of excise is granted of one penny halfpenny for every pound' weight advirdupoife of such candles [except as aforesaid) exported as merchandise to foreign parts: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament From March assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and af ft" ter the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and candk s°of ninety-two, one halfpenny of the said duty and drawback respectthe duty unit V el y

q. per lb. on

candles to be allowed for frock on March 26, 1792.

But no such allowance to be made, unless notice be given before March 25, 1792, of the quantity. Sec,

466 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 7. [1792.

posed, and tively for every pound weight advirdupoife of such candles, (half backallowed repea^e<^> cease, and determine; and that then and from thence by the recited fort; h the several powers and authorities given by any at or as act to cease. of parliament, as far as relates to the levying, collecting, and paying so much of the said duty and drawback, shall cease and determine; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty or forfeiture relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at anytime before or on the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

II anche it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be paid to every tallow chandler, or other seller of or dealer in candles, in Great Britain, for every pound weight of candles (except wax and spermaceti candles), as shall be in the flock, custody or possession of any such tallow chandler, or other seller of or dealer in candles, on the twenty sixth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, for which the said duties shall have been paid or charged, an allowance of one halfpenny.

III. Provided always nevertheless, That no tallow chandler, or other seller of or dealer in candles, shall have or be entitled to any such allowance, unless he, she, or they shall, before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, give or leave a notice and declaration in writing at the chief office of excise in London, if such tallow chandler, or other seller of or dealer in candles, shall reside within the limits thereof, or to or With the proper officer of excise in other parts of Great Britain, expressing his, her, or thfeir name and place of abode, and the quantity of such candles which he, she, or they shall have in his, her, or their flock, custody, and possession, and for which he, she, or they intend to claim the allowance given or granted by this af, and of the particular house, meltinghouse, workhouse, warehouse iiorehouse, shop, room, or other place, where such candles for or in respect of which he, she, or they claim such allowance shall be kept or deposited, anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for all and every the officer and officers of excise, at his and their free will and pleasure, at any time or times

in the evening between the hours of five in the morning and seven in the evening, of March 26, of the said twenty sixth day of March one thousand seven hundred account ofn an nirety "two? to enter and go into every house, storehouse, shop, stock, and if room, workhouse, warehouse, or other place where any such can found less than dies, for or in respect of which any such allowance shall be claim contained in ecj5 shall be kept or deposited, and to take a true and particular account, and ascertain the exact quantity thereof; and if any officer or officers of excise shall find a less quantity of such candles, than the quantity which such tallow chandler, or other seller of or dealer in candles, shall have specified in such his, her, or their notice or declaration, every such tallow chandler, or other seller of or dealer in candles, shall forfeit and lose all right, title, and claim to any allowance which hey she, or they might otherwise have been

entitled

Excise officers, between five in the morning and seventh

notice, the dealer to forfeit the allowance.

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 7. 467

entitled to under or by virtue of this ast; and if any person or persons Penalty of 50l. whatsoever shall prevent or hinder any officer or officers of excise forobstructing from entering or going into any such house, workhouse, warehouse, 0 c€rs' fforehouse, (hop, room, or other place, or from taking such account, or ascertaining the quantity of any such candles as aforesaid, or shall obstruct or hinder any such officer or officers in the taking of such account, or in the execution of any of the powers or authorities to him or them given or granted by this act, the person or persons so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Dealers not every such tallow chandler, or other seller of or dealer in candles, {^es^and shall, and he, she, and theyrespectively are hereby required to provide lights for sufficient and just scales and weights at all and singular the houses, the use of the workhouses, warehouses, frorehouses, (hops, rooms, or other places officers, C where he, she, or they shall or do keep any such candles, for or to forfeit 5ol in respect whereof any such allowance shall be claimed, and permit and suffer the officer or officers of excise to make use thereof for the purpose of weighing and taking an account of such candles, and shall also assist such officer or officers of excise in using such scales and weights for the purpose aforesaid; and if any such tallow chandler, or other seller of or dealer in candles, shall neglect or refuse to keep such scales and weights, or either of them, or shall not permit or suffer any officer or officers of excise to make use of the same as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to assist any such officer or officers of excise in making use of the same as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and if any such tallow chandler, or other seller of or dealer in candles, shall, in the weighing of any such candles, make use of, or cause or procure or suffer to be made use of, any false, unjust, an(] u^ng ?jn^ or inefficient scales or weights, or shall prachfe any art, device, or art to deceive contrivance, by which any such officer or officers maybe hindered or them m taking prevented from taking the just and true weight ofiany such candles, fest^oi°am- then, and in every such case, such tallow chandler, or other seller of or fcajes and

dealer in candles, shall for each and every such offence forfeit weights, the sum' of one hundred pounds, together with all such false, unjuff, or insufficient scales and weights reflectively, and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise

And be it further enacted by the aforesaid, That the pro Officerstogive per supervisor or surveyor of excise, or the officer of excise, who° the party shall have taken such account, and ascertained the quantity of affovvance such candles in the flock, custody, or possession of any tallow certificate of chandler, or other seller of or dealer in candles, shall, with all the amount, convenient speed, and without fee or, Reward, grant and give to C the tallow chandler, or other seller of or dealer in candles, entitled to the allowance for or in respect of such candles, a certificate, expressing the quantity of such candles, the name and place of abode of the person or persons inti tied to the allowance for or in respect thereof, and whether he, she, or they is or are tallow chandlers, or sellers of or dealers in candles, and the amount of the allowance for or in respect of such candies,

iix weeks and before three months from the time of their being granted, and oath being made to the particulars herein specified, the al

46s Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 7. iyg 2o

Such certifi

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That cates being such certificate being produced by such tallow chandler, or other produced after feqer Gf or dealer in candles, or his, her, or their agent or agents,

LI V urpp!rq nun* j*1 o o

to the commissioners of excise, for such candles as shall be taken an account of under or by virtue of this act, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or the person appointed by them, or the major part of them, to receive the same, or to the collector of excise of the collodion in which any such certificate shall be granted in other parts of Great Britain, at any time after the end and expiration of six weeks, and before the end and expiration of three months from the time of the granting Iowa nee to be thereof, and oath having been made by such tallow chandler, or paid by the other seller of or dealer in candles, before any of the said com of missioner of excise, or the person appointed by the said commis or collectors. floners of excise, or the major part of them, for that purpose, or before such collector, or before the supervisor of the division or distridin which such tallow chandler, orfeller ofor dealer in candles, shall reside (which oath the said of, and person appointed by them, and the collectors and supervisors of excise, are respectively hereby authorised and empowered to administer), that the said candles, specified in any such certificate, and for which any such allowance is or shall be: laimed, were the sole property of such tallow chandler, or seller of or dealer in candles, and actually in his, her, or their custody or possession on the said twenty sixth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and that the allowance granted by this act has net, with his, her, or their privity or content, nor to his, her, or their knowledge or belief, been claimed for the candles specified in such certificate, or for any part thereof, by any other person or persons whatsoever, and that he, she, or they hath or have no reason to believe but that the proper duties have been paid or charged for or in respect of the said candles; and thereupon the said cornmif sioners of excise, or the major part of them, or such collector as aforesaid, being satisfied of the truth of such oath, shall forthwith, out of the money in his or their hands respectively arising from the duties hereby in part repealed, pay to the tallow chandler, or other seller of or dealer in candles, entitled to the same,the allowance specified in such certificate.

Persons tak

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ine faife oaths That any person or persons who shall be convicted of wilfully wo., < t, taking a faife oath, in any of the cases in which an oath is required to be taken by this act, shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any certificate by this act required or directed, or shall knowingly or willingly give any faife or untrue certificate, or shall fraudulently alter or erase, or cause to be fraudulently altered or erased, any certificate granted by any officer or officers of excise, or shall make use of any certificate, knowing the same to be forged counterfeited, faise, untrue, altered, or erased,

liable to the penalties for perjury.

Persons coun terfsiting, e, certificates to forfeit 500l.

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 8.

every such person or persons hall, for each and every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed or created by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, ievied, or mitigated by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second intituled An act for taking avoay the court of wards, and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lien thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his majesty?s revenue of excise, are provided and established, shall be practised, used, and put in execution in and for the purposes of this add, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things were particularly repeated and reenacted in this present act

467

How penalties may be filed for, and how to be applied 0

All laws relative to the excise to extend to this act.

CAP. VIII.

An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds in the revetiue of excise by common brewers.

WHEREAS the provisions already ? made by law are not Preamble, sufficient to deter common brewers from selling beer, ale or worts, in less quantity than a zuhole cask, containing four gallons and an half; be it therefore enacted by the King's moss excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no common brewer No common, shall sell beer, ale, or worts, in any less quantity than a whole brewer to sell calk, containing four gallons and an half, on pain of forfeiting the kin less^of fifty pounds for every such offence; to be sued for, reco a whole calk vered, levied, or mitigated, by virtue of any law or laws of excise, containing or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma gallons and jesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, pe nalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, pjow penalties and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, shall be applied. or sue for the same.

you

4-68 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 9, 10. [1792.

CAP. IX.

An act for repealing certain regulations with respect to certificates on exporting tea to Ireland or America.

[Preamble.]

If IT WHEREAS by an all, made in the twenty first year of the reign aigeo3. c.i4. of his late majesty King George the Second, for permitting recited. tea to be exported to Ireland, and his majesty's plantations in America, without paying the inland duties, the proprietor or proprietors of tea, imported into the kingdom of Great Britain from foreign parts, and afterwards exported to the kingdom of Ireland, or to his majesty's plantations in America, according to the rules, regulations and provisions mentioned in that all, or the p erf on or persons appointed by such proprietor or proprietors to make entry thereof, are re choir din mannpr therein mentioned, to produce to the warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers, mentioned in the said all, a certificate under the hands of the commissioners of inland duties upon tea, or any three of them, that such security for exportation hath been given as therein is mention ed\.and which certificate or certificates the said of are by the said all required to give accordingly: and whereas the requiring such certificate or certificates can answer no good purpose, and it is therefore expedient that no such certificate Should in future be granted or required; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the From July $9 authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July 1792, the cer one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, no such proprietor quired b^the or proprietors or other person or persons shall be required to pro i ecited aft, duce any such certificate, nor shall any such certificate, from and no longer to after the said fifth day of July one, thousand seven hundred and ninety be produced, two, be granted under the hands of the said of, or any of them; and from and after the said fifth day oijuly one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, such warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers shall deliver out of such warehouse or warehouses to such proprietor or proprietors, or other person or per; ms for exportation, such tea as is by the said act authorised to be exported, subject and according to all and singular the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions (other than and except the production of such certificate or certificates as aforesaid) contained in the said actor any other act of parliament in force relating thereto.

CAP. X

An act for the better execution of certain warrants issued for the apprehending and committing persons convicted of offences against the excise laves.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many persons, chargeable with the duties of excisef,

W or incurring penalties under the laws relating to the said duties, do frequently avoid being taken in execution after conviction for the same, by removing out of the jurisdiilim where they were convifltdy to the great prejudice of the revenue \ be it therefore enacted

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. iq 469

acted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand From July seven hundred and ninety-two, in case any person, against: whom plrfon^a^inst any warrant of commitment in execution, commonly called A Body a

Warrant, shall be issued by any three or more of the commission warrant is if ers of excise in England, \ or by any justice or justices of the peace Ihed, shall re of any county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place within Great Britain, under or by virtue of any act or acts of parliament tn where" now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the duties of granted, it excise, shall escape, go into, reside, or be in any other county, may be m riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, out of the jurisdiction of the said commissiotiers, or justice or justices granting such Of excise/or warrant as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any any justice of three or more of the said commissioners of excise in England, or the peace of any justice or justices of the peace of any county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, in Great Britain, where such person offender shall shall escape, go into, reside, or be; and such of of ex be, C cife, and justice or justices respectively, is and are hereby required, upon proof being made upon oath of the hand writing of the commissioners of excise, or justice or justices respectively granting such warrant, to endorse his or their name or names on such.

which shall be a sufficient authority to the person or persons bringing such warrant, and to all other persons to whom such warrant was originally directed, to execute such warrant in such other county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, out of the jurisdiction of the commissioners of excise, or justice or justices respectively granting such warrant as aforesaid, and to carry and convey such offender or offenders before the commissioners of excise, or justice or justices who endorsed such warrant,

or same other justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place where such warrant was endorsed, who are respectively hereby authorised and empowered, by endorsement upon such warrant, to commit such offender or offenders to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, or place where such warrant shall be executed, according to the exigency of such warrant, there to remain until delivered by due course of law.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No action to no action of trespass, false imprisonment, information or indict he brought mentor other prosecution, shall be brought, filed, commenced who

or prosecuted, by any person or persons whatever against any shall endorse such commissioner or commissioners of excise, or justice or juf such warrant, tices who shall endorse such warrant, for or by reason of his or their indorsing such warrant: provided nevertheless. That such person or persons shall be at liberty to bring or prosecute his or their action or suit against the commissioners of excise, or justice or justices who originally granted such warrant, in the same manner as such person or persons might have done in case this act had not been made.

47° Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. n, [1792.

[Preamble.]

i9geo.3, c. 56.

recited.

Auctioneers giving notice of sales agreeable to the recited act, shall, within the limes herein specified, deliver declarations on oath, whether the sales took place, See.

<ol. Penalty lor every neglect.

CAP. XL

An act to compel auctioneers to declare whether sales have been held under the notices now required to be given by laid.

WHEREAS, by an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, every auctioneer is required, before he begins any fate by way of auction, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, in manner in the said act prescribed, a notice in writing, signed by such auctioneer, specifying the particular day when such file by auction is to begin, and also a written or printed catalogue aitejled and signed by such auctioneer, or his known clerk: and whereas it is expedient that every auctioneer delivering such notice or catalogue Should be obliged to make it appear whether any sale by way of auction was opened or be gun, or any article, lot, pareel, or thing, was bid for or sold under such notice or catalogue; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every auctioneer who shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered, any such notice or catalogue for a sale by auction, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or the person who acted as his clerk at such sale, or intended sale, shall, within twenty-eight days after the day specified in such notice as the particular day when such sale by auction was to be made, deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the chief office of excise in London, to the person or persons who shall be appointed by the commissioners of excise to receive the same, a declaration, in writing, setting forth whether or not any sale by way of auction had been or was opened or begun under such notice, or any article, lot, pareel, or thing contained in such catalogue was bid for or sold at such auction; and such auctioneer, or person acting as his clerk, as aforesaid, shall make oath to the truth of such declaration before the commissioners of excise, or one of them, or before such personas the commissioners of excise shall appoint to administer the same; which oath the said commissioners of excise, or one of them, or other person so to be appointed as aforesaid, is and are hereby authorised and im powered to administer; and that every auctioneer who shall have delivered, or caused to be delivered, any such notice or catalogue for a sale by aubtion, in any part of Great Britain, not within the limits of the said chief office, or the person who acted as his clerk at such sale, or intended sale, hall, within six weeks after the day specified in such notice as the particular day when such sale by auction was to be made, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the collector of excise in whose collection such sale has been or was intended to be, a like declaration in writing, in manner as is herein before required with respect to persons selling by auction within the limits of the chis office of excise in London, to be verified in like manner, 'on pain that every auctioneer shall, for every neglect or refusal of delivering such declaration, verified in the manner herein before prescribed, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds,

a to

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 12. 471

to be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by virtue of any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at west?ninster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that Application of one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to penalties, his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CAP. XII.

An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, to he issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to he by them placed to the account of the coin? missioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, having granted to your Majesty the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Epiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, out of any moneys granted for the supply of the present year, there shall be issued and paid, at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, on or before the second day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, the sum of four hundred thousand pounds to the governor and company of the bank of England., and shall by them be placed to the account of the of appointed by an act of the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty, for applying certain sums of money annually to the reduction of the national debt; and that all such moneys shall be applied by the said of towards the reduction of the national debt in the manner herein after directed, and to no other intent or purpose, and in no other manner whatever.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said principal sum or sums of money, not exceeding four hundred thousand pounds, which are hereby directed to be placed to the account of the said of, shall be applied by the said of, and they are hereby authorised and required to apply the same in payment for the purchase of such redeemable public annuities as shall be below parr if any, and if there shall be no such public annuities below pai\ then to the purchase of any such public annuities at or above pary in the following manner; that is to say, That all such sums of money, not exceeding four hundred thousand pounds, so to be applied, which shall have been placed to the account of the said of on or before the second day of April one thousand seven hundred and

I i 3 ninety

[Preamble.]

400, 000l. to be paid out of the present year's supply to the bank, and placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt;

and applied in the purchase of redeemable annuities in the manner herein speci tied.

47^ Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 13. [1792.

ninety-two, shall be applied, over and above the sums applicable by virtue of the said herein before mentioned act of the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty, to the purchase of such annuities in equal portions as nearly as may be on every day (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) on which the same shall be transferable, between the second day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and the second nay of August next ensuing; and all such part of the principal or capital stock of such public annuities as shall be purchased by the said of by virtue of this act, shall be transferred to the account of the said commis honers in the books of the governor and company of the bank of England, of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other parts of America, or of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Etijl Indies, respectively, as the case maybe; and that the dividends payable thereon shall, from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank of england^and be placed to the account of the said of.

Dividends on

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That adeemed to dividends which shall from time to time become due and pay be paid to the able in respect of the principal or capital stock of such annuities bank, and ap as shall be redeemed by virtue of this act, shall be issued or set plied by the apart out of the consolidated fund, in the same manner as if such in^rnanoer pr^ncta^ Dr caphal (lock had not been redeemed, and shall be prescribed by paid to the said governor and company of the bank of England, to6 Geo. 3. be placed to the account of the said of; the same

C. 3* shall, from time to time, be applied by them under the like rules

and regulations, and in the manner prescribed by the said act of the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the sums redeemed by virtue of the said act; and that all and every the rules, methods, regulations, and provisions, which in and by the said act of the twenty sixth year aforesaid are provided and established, for applying, managing, or accounting for the sums vested in the said of, for the purposes of the said act, shall be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the applying, managing, and accounting for all sums of money directed to be placed to the account of the said of by virtue of this act, as fully and eileftually as if the same had been repeated and re enacted in this present act.

CAP XIII

An act to enable his Majesty to make provif on for the efablifment of their royal highnejfep the duke and duchess of York and Albany; and also to settle an annuity on her royal highness during the time of her natural life, to co?nmence from the decease of his said royal highness, in case her said royal' highness fall survive him.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

TE, our majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being deiiraus of enabling your Majesty as well to make a suitable,

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 473

provision for the establishment of their royal highnesses the duke and duchess of Knf and Albany, as to carry into effect the treaty entered into between your Majesty and the king of Prussia upon the marriage of their said royal highnesses, respecting the settlement to be made upon her said royal highness in case (he Should survive his said royal highness the duke; do most humbly beseech your majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the king's moil excel His Majesty lent majesty, by any warrant or warrants under his royal sign manual, to give and grant unto his said royal highness Frederick duchess of duke of York and Albany, for and during his majesty's royal will York, annul and pleasure, and unto her royal highness Frederica Charlotte Ul- bes not ex rtque Catherine duchess of York and Albany, for and during her

coverture, one or more annuity or annuities, such several annui

commence

ties taken together, not exceeding in the whole eighteen thousand from July 5, pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, in such proportions, 179i5 and in such manner and form, as his Majesty in his wisdom shall think lit to direct and appoint the same; which annuity or annuities shall commence and take effect from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, and shall be paid quarterly, in equal portions, at the four usual days of payment in the year; (that is to say,) The tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July, in each and every year: and also that it shall and may be lawful to and an annuity and for the king's most excellent majesty, by letters patent under the8d°udief° the great seal, to give and grant unto her said royal highness, or to commence to such other person or persons as his Majesty shall think fit, to be from the de named in such letters patent, and his or their heirs, to the use of, cea^e of the or in trust for her said royal highness, an annuity of eight thousand continue du pounds of like lawful money, which shall have commencement ring"lier royal and take eftedt immediately from and after the decease of his said highness'slife. royal highness, in case her said royal highness shall survive him, and shall continue from thenceforth for and during the natural life of her said royal highness, and shall be paid and payable in equal portions at the four days of payment herein before mentioned; the first payment thereof to be made at such of the said days of payment as shall first and next happen after the decease of his said royal highness, in case her said royal highness shall survive him as aforesaid: that the said several annuities shall and may, in and Annuities by such warrant or warrants, or letters patent, be directed to be payable out of respectively issuing and payable out of, and chargeable upon, the ^tetfund'* fund called The Consolidated Fund, (after paying, or reserving fuf 9

ficient to pay, all such sums as have been or shall be directed to be paid out of the same, by any act or acts of parliament previous to the commencement of such annuities respectively, but with preference to all other payments which shall or may, at any time or times after the commencement of such annuities respectively, have been, or be charged upon, and payable out of the said fund.

I i 4 II And

474 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C

and to be ijq'utd at the exchequer free of all charges.

Annuities to be free of all ta:; es.

e, - H, i5 [W

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said several annuities, as the lame shall take effect, stall be paid and payable, during the continuance of the same respectively, at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer; and the auditor of the said receipt shall, and he is hereby required, by virtue of such warrant or warrants respectively, to make forth and pass debentures from time to time for paying the said several annuities during the continuance of the same respectively, and as the same shall become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be de r manded or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof; and the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts of his said royal highness, or of such other person or persons as shall be by him authorised and appointed, by any instrument in writing, signed by his said royal highness, to receive, such annuity as shall be given or granted to his said royal highness, or any part thereof; and also the acquittance and acquittances, receipt and receipts of her said royal highness, notwithstanding her coverture, or of her laid royal highness's treasurer for the time being, or other person appointed by her said royal highness, by any instrument in writing, signed by her said royal highness, to receive any annuity or annuities which shall be granted to her said royal highness by his Majesty in pursuance of this aclr, as the same shall take effect and be payable, or any part thereof, shall be a fufrcient discharge for the payment of such annuities respectively; the said debentures, to be made forth and passed as aforesaid, shall he a fufrcient authority to the several and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, for the payment of the said several annuities, as the same shall take effedf, to their said royal highnesses respectively, during the continuance of the same respectively, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf; and that the said several annuities, so to be given and granted, shall be free and clear from all taxes rates, and assessments, and all other'charges whatever.

CAP. XIV.

An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united Rates of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united Rates. — continued until April 5, 1793. k

CAP. XV.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, fol the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

corrimissioners of the treasury may raise 3, 500, 0001. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1793, in like manner as is prescribed by the land tax act of this session, concerning loans, C The clauses, See. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills fp iitued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1793. Action not to lie for such refufah Principal and interest, with charges, to be repaid out of the next supplies^' d if iuirci.ent supplies. be not granted before July 5, 5793, to be charged 'f'T - -'. - ' cn

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III.

on the consolidated fund. Moneys so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act:; an act: 5 & 6 Gul. Sc Marias notwithstanding.

CAP. XVI.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

Commissioners of the treasury may raise a, oooo, ooool. by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1793, in manner as by the land tax ad: of this session is prescribed, See. The clauses in the said act: relating to loans or bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1793. Action not to lie for such refusal. Money so raised to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1793, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Moneys so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act; an act 5 & 6 Gul. & Marias notwithstanding,

CAP. XVII.

An act for the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore

CAP. XVIII.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two. — 1 Geo. 3. c. 3. continued until June 24) 1793.

CAP. XIX.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. — Number of forces 17, 013. including 1, 630 invalids.

CAP. XX.

An act for providing a workhouse for the reception of the poor of the parish of Stone, in the county of Stafford, and for regulating and em ploying the poor therein.

Directors and guardians appointed. Qualification of directors and guardians to pay poors rate for 15l. a year. First meeting of the directors and guardians to be on April 14, 1793. Directors and guardians to divide themselves into committees, and meet once in every week. All the directors and guardians may attend weekly meetings. Three directors mult be present. Four general meetings every year, on March 35,

June 34, September 29. and December 25. No business at the quarterly meetings valid, unless five directors and guardians be present. In case of non attendance clerk may adjourn the meeting. Two guardians and directors may call a meeting. Directors and guardians may administer the oaths. Officers to be appointed. Poor to be under the direction and management of the directors and guardians. Children may be bound apprentices. Ground and buildings to be purchased, and a workhouse provided. Bodies politic, Sec. empowered to sell and convey lands. Contracts may be entered into for work to be performed.

Seven days notice to be given of making contracts. Furniture, apparel,

C provided for the poor, veiled in directors and guardians. Money arising by poor rates to be paid to the treasurer, and to be under the management of the directors and guardians. Directors, See. empowered to, borrow 3, 500k upon bonds of 100l. each, and shall pay off ool. yearly. If parish officers omit to make rates, directors and guardians to do it. Securities to be entered, and may be assigned. Donations and other moneys to be paid to the treasurer. Directors and guardians

47& Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 2x.

[1792.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

may make bye laws. No bye laws valid till confirmed at a subsequent general meeting. Parish officers to be aiding in the execution of the at. Directors and guardians empowered to apprehend vagrants, C Persons guilty of embezzling goods may be punished by moderate correction or solitary confinement. Servants purloining money, materials, Sec. to forfeit double their value. Conveying spirituous liquors into the workhouse, subject to 100l. penalty, by act 24 Geo. 2. c. 40. Directors and guardians to provide materials for employing the poor. Encouragement may be given to industrious and skilful poor. Power to punish poor persons for misbehaviour. Overseers may relieve casual poor. Money to be paid by treasurer as ordered by directors and guardians. Penalty on overseers not collecting rates, iol. Directors and guardians to grant certificates, and take bond for the maintenance of bastard children. Orders to be entered in books. Justices to proceed on complaint of directors and guardians. Justices may act, notwithstanding their being directors and guardians. Inhabitants to be deemed competent witnesses. Penalties to be paid to the treasurer. Actions not to abate by death or removal of treasurer or clerk. Penalties may be levied by distress and sale. Appeal. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XXI.

An act for the more effectual prevention of frauds in the revenue of excise with respect to the manufacturing of soap.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by several acts of parliament, made in the fifths

5 Geo. ; 3. c. 43. Vt seventeenth, and tweyity fourth years of his present Majesty and g^o* ceriain provisions were enacted for better securing the duties on self. 2? c. 4 % soap f ie descriptions therein mentioned and whereas it is expe recited. dient that the same Should be extended to soap of whatever defer ip tien; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and From July 5, by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth there day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, the with relation recited as, anc every clause, matter, and thing the rein

to the makers contained, with relation to the makers of hard soap, so far as of hard soap, the same extend to the finding, providing, or affixing, wooden so far as recovers to coppers, pans, or other utensils, or to such coppers, ing wooden - Pans or other utensils, and covers being locked or sealed down, covers to or to the furnace doors of their coppers, pans, or other uten coppers, See. fils being locked and fattened, or to the covers, furnace doors, toextendto all or affi_hole doors, of their coppers, pans, or other utensils, be oap ma ers. joc]ced) fattened, and sealed down; or to the giving any notice to the officers of excise to have the same respectively unlocked or opened, or to the paying for locks, keys, or fastenings, provided by the surveyors or supervisors of excise in pursuance of the directions of the said acts, or either of them; or to the imposing of any penalty for the making of any hard soap, or for the opening of any such cover, copper, pan, utensil, furnace door, ash hole door, or to the breaking, damaging, or hurting any such lock, seal, or fattening; or for any other offence relating to any of the said provisions, committed contrary to the said acts, or either of them, shall, and the same are hereby declared to extend to all and every maker and makers of soap of what kind or quality soever,

and

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 22. 477

and shall be used, practised, applied, and put in execution, against all" and every maker and makers of soap, as fully and effectually, as if the same were particularly and expressly enacted in the body of this act.

CAP. XXII.

An act to continue and amend several laws relating to the encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland seas and davis's Straights; and to amend the laws now in force for the encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the seas to the southward of the Greenland seas and davis's Straights.

WHEREAS by an al, passed in the twenty sixth year of the Preamble, reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the further 26geo.3. c. 4x, support and encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the and Greenland seas and Davis's Straights, certain bounties were given for five years, from the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, under various regulations and refiric tiens, to the owners of every ship or vessel which Should be employed in the said fishery: and whereas by an passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for 29(^0.3.0.53, further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, recited and southern whale fisheries, further regulations and rejlrifiions were made with respedi to allowing the bounties to the owners of vessels employed in the said fisheries carried on in the Greenland seas and davis's Straights: and whereas the said first recited tfc?, and so much of the last recited act as relates to the fisheries carried on in the Greenland seas and davis's Straights, has by an al passed in the thirty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, been continued until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two: and whereas it is expedient that the said acts Should be continued in like manner for a further term be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by aa/and^o^ and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tempo much of the ral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by latter as re the authority of the same, That the said recited act passed in the j^er^irf twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and also so the Greenland much of the said recited act passed in the twenty-ninth year of seas and da the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the fisheries carri vis's Straights, ed on in the Greenland seas and davis's Straights, shall be, and continued to the same are hereby continued until the twenty-fifth day of De except where cember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, except so altered by the far as the same are expressly varied or altered by this present act. present act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Instead of the instead and in lieu of the bounty granted by the said recited acts, bounties the following bounties or premiums shall be paid and allowed; fh^redted that is to say, A bounty or premium of twenty-five shillings per acts, those tonne for each and every ship or vessel, as shall proceed upon and herein speci return' from the said fishery between the twenty-fifth day of De toj^e cember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and the a owe*twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ,: ninety

4?8

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III.

Every vessel, having an apprentice not exceeding 10 years of age, nor under ia, when indentured, for every 50 tonnes burden to be entitled to the bounties.

C 22. [i/92.

ninety five, having fully complied with all the requisitions of the before recited acts, as amended and continued by this act; and a bounty or premium of twenty shillings per tonne for each and every ship or vessel as shall proceed upon and return from the said fishery, between the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, and the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, having fully complied with all the aforesaid requisitions.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every ship or vessel, having on board one apprentice for every fifty tonnes burden, every such apprentice not exceeding the age of twenty years, nor being under twelve years, at the time he shall be indentured, shall be deemed properly fitted and qualified, with respect to the number and age of apprentices, to proceed on the said fishery to the Greenland seas and Davis's Straights, and to be entitled to the respective bounties granted by this act.

IV. And whereas doubts have arisen whether, under the provisions of the said sir ft recited act passed in the twenty six th year of the reign of his present Majesty, whale fins, oil or blubber of whales, seal oil, or seal skins, or any other produce of seals, or other fish or creatures, taken or caught in the said Greenland feasor davis's Straights, or in the seas adjacent, by British subjects usually reftding in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, in British hips or vejjehy owned, registered, and navigated as required by law, but not fitted out in other respects under the regulations required by the said act to entitle such Ships or vessels to the bounty therein given, will have a right to import the same into this kingdom, without paying any custom or other duty: to obviate which doubts, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whale fins, oil or blubber of whales, seal oil, or seal skins, or any other produce of seals, or other fish or creatures taken or caught in any part of the ocean by British subjects, usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, in ships or vessels built in either of the said kingdoms or islands, owned, registered, and navigated according to law, shall and may be imported into Great Britain without paying any custom, oy other duty for the same, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; provided that proof be made, that the said arti

ref ribed are ces were a&uahy caught and taken by the crew of the vessel in compliedwith. which they are imported, by oath of the master of such vessel, that the same were bona fide so caught and taken; and provided also, that a log book shall be constantly kept on board such ship or vessel, in which log book the various situations and occurrences respecting such ship or vessel, during the whole course of the? voyage, shall be inserted every day, and particularly the times when such ship or vessel shall have been in sight of land) distinguishing what land, and the bearings thereof, and the supposed distances therefrom, and the soundings, and also the time when, and the latitude in which, any whale, or other creature living in the sea, shall have been kilied, taken, or caught by the crew of such ship or

vessel;

Any produce of creatures caught in the ocean by British subjects, usually rdiding in Great Britain C may be imported duty free, if the regulations herein

1792.] Anno ?regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 22j 479

vessel which log book, so to be kept as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, at the time of his making a report of such hip or veiled, to the collector of the customs at the port in Great Britain where such ship or vessel hall arrive, for his inspection and examination; and the said matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such hip or vessel, together with the mate thereof, shall, jointly and severally, verify on oath the contents of such log book before such collector, who is hereby authorised and required to admi nitter the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No harpoon no harpooner, line manager, or boat fteerer, who shall be in, or

belong to, any hip or vessel in the gree?iland fishery trade, al ship^in the though such ship or vessel be not fitted out under the regulations Greenland of the said recited acts to entitle such hip or vessel to the bounty fishery, therein given, and whose name (distinguishing the capacity in,

which the person so named is to act) hall be inserted in a litt, to entitle them which is hereby required to be delivered on oath by the owner of to bounties such hip or vessel to the collector of the customs at the port frompmder the re which such hip or vessel is intended to proceed upon the said bfim fishery (which oath such collector is hereby empowered and re prefpe(^5 ancj quired to administer)) be impressed from the said service; may, when not' and that any such harpooner, line manager, or boat tteerer may, employed in during the time of the year that he or they are not employed in^in the^col the said fishery, fail in the colliery or coasting trade, upon giving nerytrade, See. security, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs?

he or they will proceed in the said hip or vessel to the Greenland feasor davis's Straights, on the whale ttfhery the next season; that every seaman or common mariner who, during Seamen enter the continuance of this add, hall be entered to serve on board any ed for such such hip or vessel which shall be so intended to proceed on the ships, exempt said fishery, whose name shall be inserted in a litt to be delivered as aforesaid, and who shall have given security, to the satisfaction from Feb. 1. of the commissioners of the customs, to proceed, and shall pro yearly to the

ceed accordingly, shall be privileged and exempt from being im enc*of the o j'.1 o w vovaae

pretted from or out of the said service from the first day of Fcbru 7 a

ary in each year, until the voyage home from thence shall be

fully complete and ended, and no longer; any law, custom, or

usage to the contrary notwithstanding: always, that this Protection

act hall not extend, or be construed to extend, to protect from from being

being imprested any greater number of harpooners, line ma gx&^d'onl*0

nagers, and boat fteerers, than six harpooners, six line managers, t'q the nllir\.

and six boat fteerers, and eighteen seamen or common mariners bers herein

belonging to each such ship or vessel of the burden of four specified.

hundred tonnes, and foin proportion for any less tonnage.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No whaleboat no boat used as and commonly called A Whale Boat, belonging belonging to to any hip or vessel employed in the said fishery to the Greenland gsenlancf feasor davis's Straights, or in the fishery carried on in the seas fishery, &c.li to the southward of the Greenland seas and davis's Straights, hall able tofeizure*

011 account cf

480 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 23 — 25. [1792.

her construe be liable to seizure for or on account of her built, dimensions, or ployed" frtthe con^ru(^lon > provided, on the return of such ship or vessel from the fisheries at the end of every season, such boat shall be laid up by the owner or owners thereof, in such place or places as shall be approved of by the principal officer of his majesty's customs of the port at which such hip or vessel shall arrive, and shall not be employed or made use of in any way whatever but in the said fisheries.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the time for which any apprentice shall have been indentured to serve on board any ship or vessel employed in the last

age, tobecon- mentioned fisheries, or either of them, shall expire during the fidered as such voyage'of such ship or vessel, such apprentice shall be accounted the vo anc con^ere<^ to intents and purposes, as an apprentice for

le voyage. t'ne whole voyage, and shall, on the ship's or vessel's return from the said fisheries, or either of them, be mustered accordingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be deemed a legal apprentice, within the intent and meaning of this present act, or of the said recited acts,

fishery only.

Apprentices whose times may expire during a voy

No person to be deemed a

fice, \fpbound or ehher of them, except such apprentices who have become such posterior to previous to the passing of this act, unless he shall ba a subject of his Majesty.

the passing of this act, unless asubject of his Majesty.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the of appointed by an adtj made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same session, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; and for appointing other of, together with those named in the first mentioned act, to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; and for indemnifying such persons as have acted as of for executing the said act, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

CAP. XXIV.

An act to repeal so much of an act, made in the twenty seventh year of his present Majesty, as relates to the sale of the house in Privy Garden, heretofore used as an office for the of of the lottery; and to enable his Majesty to grant the said premises.

CAP. XXV

An act to enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland, further to increase the capital stock of the said company.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an act of the parliament of Scotland, made in the year one thousand six hundred and ninety five, entitled, An act for erecting a bank in Scotland, a joint stock, amounting to the sum of twelve hundred thousand pounds, Scots money, (that is, one hundred thousand poundsflerlingf was allowed to be raised by the company thereby establishedffor carrying on and managing a public bank; and certain persons therein mentioned were authorised to appoint a book

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 25. 481

for receiving the subscriptions of such persons as were willing to become adventurers in the said joint fock: and by the said act it was declared)

That one thousand pounds Scots Should be the loivefl, and twenty thousand pounds Scots the highest sum which any person Should be allowed to subscribe: and by the J'said act it was also declared, That all and every the persons subscribing, and paying to the said flock as aforesaid,

Should be one body politic and corporate, by the name of The Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland; under which name they Should have perpetual succession, and Should have a common seal: and by the said act it zuas directed, that within three months after the aforesaid subscriptions Should be ended) the persons in the said act namedy or any two of them) fl)ould appoint a certain day, and make due intimation of the same, that such and so many of the adventurers, and none aether, as shoiddeach of them have subscribedfor one thousand pounds or upwards, in the said book of the joint stock, might elect and choose by a majority of votes, which were to be given, one vote for every one thousand pounds Share of the flock, a Jit person of the subscribers who had subscribed for himself at leaf for eight thousand pounds Scots, to be governor of the said bankand another Jit person of the subscribers, who Should have subscribedfor himself at leaf for six thousand pounds Scots, to be deputy governor of the said bank; and also twenty-four other Jit persons who Should have subscribed each of them for himself at leaf for three thousand pounds Scots in the said joint stock, to be directors of the said bank; and certain other rules and regulations were thereby prescribed for the better managing and ordering the affairs of the said bank: and, in pursuance of the aforesaid act, the said bank was soon after established, and has ever flnee continued: and whereas, by an act of the parliament of Great Britain, passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majestfs reign, intituled, (An act to enable the 14 Geo. 3. governor and company of the bank of Scotland to increase the C capital lock of the said company), it was enacted, That, within one month after the passing of the said act, or as soon after as might be, the court of ordinary directors of the said bank Should appoint a hook to be opened and kept at the office of the said bank of Scotland, for receiving subscriptions for an additional capital, or joint stock, to the extent of twelve hundred thousand pounds Scots, or one hundred thousand poundsflerling money, and no more in which book, every person or persons possessed of a Share or fares of the original capital stock of the said bank of Scotland, Should be entitled to subscribe for as much of the said new or additional flock as he Jhe, or they Should be possessed of of the old or original fock, at the time of his, her, or their subscribing., and no more, or for a lesser number ofjhares thereof if such person or persons Should so think proper: and, by the said act, it was further declared, That no proprietor Should hold more than twenty Jloares of the old flock, or more than forty shares of the old and neio together; and it was also, by the said act) further declared, That after the additional capital Should be completed) no proprietor Should be elected governor, unless he had) upon the original and new flock together) paid in the sum of sixteen thousand pounds Scots; nor deputy governor, unless he had) upon the original and new flock together, paid in twelve thousand pounds Scots] nor dir eft or % unless he had, upon

482 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 25. [1792.

the original and new stock togeth, paid in six Scots;

and that) from and after the said period) no proprietor Should be entitled to give his vote in the election of a governor, deputy governor, or director, or in any question in any general meeting) who was not pof fejfed of two thousand pounds Scots of old or new flock) or old and new stock together) and who had not actually paid in the said two thousand pounds; and that every proprietor Should have a vote for each two thousand pounds which he had actually paid in; provided alwaysj That no proprietor fooidd ever be entitled to more than twenty votes: and whereas) by another act of the parliament of Great Britain, passed in the twenty-fourth year of his present Majests reign) (in-54 Geo. 3. tituled) An act to enable the governor and company of the bank

CI of Scotland further to increase the capital stock of the said company),

it was enabled) That) within one month after the passing of the said act) or as soon thereafter as might be) the court of ordinary directors of the said bank Should appoint a book to be opened and kept at the office of the said bank of Scotland, for receiving subscriptions for an additional capital or joint fock, to the extent of twelve hundred thousand pounds Scots, or one hundred thousand pounds ferling money, and no more; in which book every person or persons possessed of two or more shares of the capital stock of the said bank Scotland at the time) should be entitled to subscribe for a proportional fare of the said new or additional stock) cor ref ponding to the shares so pcfejfed by such person or persons) at the time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more \ that is to say) that each proprietor) then holding two shares of the fock) Should be entitled to subscribe for one fare of the new or additional stock) and no more) andfo on in proportion: and it was by the said lafi recited act further enabled) That it Should be lawful to the majority of a general meeting of the proprietors of the said bank) to call for the whole or any part of the additionalfock) at such times and in such prop or ti on s as they Should think proper; provided that no subscriber Should be called upon to pay up more than his juf proportion of one hundred thousand pounds ferling) the amount, of the then additional fock) corresponding to the number of shares subscribed for by him \ but it Should not be in the po wer of any subscriber to pay up the whole or any part of the then additional stock) until the same Should be calledfor by a majority of a general meeting of proprietors: and it was thereby further enacted, Thai no subj'criber of the then additional fock should be entitled to draw any part of a dividend) either upon his old or newfock) until he had paid up his proportion oj any call of stock that had been ordered by a majority of a general meeting of proprietors; and each subscriber of the then neiu stock) failing to pay his proportion of such call) Should be charged with the Iegal inter ef upon it, until the same was paid) and shoidd have no vote at elections or general meetings while the same remained unpaid: and it was thereby further enacted, That after the said additional fock had been completely paid in, no proprietor Should be elected governor) unless he Should he possessed of twenty-four thousand pounds Scots, (that it) two thousand pounds ferling); nor deputy governor) unless he Should be possessed of eighteen thousand pounds Scots (that is) one thousand five hundred pounds ferling); nor dir eft or) unless he shoidd be possessed of nine thou jand pounds Scots (that is )seven hundred and fifty poundsferling)) of

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 25, 483

the stock of the said governor and company: and that after the said additional flock had been completed, no proprietor Should be entitled to give his vote in the election of a governor, deputy governors or directory or in any question in a general meeting, who was not possessed of three thousand pounds Scots, (that isy two hundred and fifty pounds flerlingfl of flacky and who had not actually paid in the said three thousand pounds Scots; and that every proprietor should have a vote for each three thousand pounds Scots which he had actually paid in; and that no proprietor Should ever be entitled to more than twenty votes, either in the annual elefl ion of governor, deputy governor, and directors, or in any question whatever that might occur to be made the subject of dis cuffion at any general meeting of proprietors: and vohereas it would greatly tend to the advancement of agriculture, commercey and manu fastures, and be otherwise highly be?ieficial and expedient, that the capital stock of the said bank Should be still further increasedy so as not to exceed in the whole the sum of seven millions two hundred thousand pounds Scots, or six hundred thousand poundsft er ling; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That within one month after the first day of June one thousand A subscription

seven hundred and ninety-two, or as soon after as may be, the to be opened

court of ordinary directors of the said bank shall appoint a book for rain,

be opened and kept at the office of the said bank of Scotland, tional'capita//

+for receiving subscriptions for an additional capital or joint stock to the extent of three million six hundred thousand pounds Scots, or three hundred thousand pounds sterling money, and no more: in which book every person or persons possessed of a share or shares of the present capital stock of the said bank of Scotland, shall be entitled to subscribe for as much of the new or additional stock as he, she, or they shall be possessed of, of the said present stock, at the time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more; or for a lesser number of shares thereof, if such person or persons so think proper.

II. And in order that no person or persons possessed of flock in the said bank of Scotland, may be deprived of the benefit hereby intended

them, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be in Proprietors the power of every proprietor of the present capital stock of the may tobicribe said company, by a writing under his, her, or their hands, to au pi0xy' thorise any person, he, she, or they shall think proper to subscribe for him, her, or them, and the subscription of the person so authorised, shall be equally effectual as if the proprietor who gives such authority had subscribed with his, her, or their hands.

III. And be it further enacted, That the privilege and prefer Time limited ence of subscribing to the new or additional stock, hereby given for lutdcrip to the proprietors of the present capital stock of the said bank, Uon'

shall be limited to three months from the time of opening the subscription book abovementioned, and after the expiration of the said term, in case any share or shares of the said new or additional stock shall not have been subscribed for the said subscription

How flirt res Unsubscribed for are to be disposed of.

Gain on Tales to be applied to the life of the bank.

If shares are not all disposed of, a subscription to be again opened.

General meeting of proprietors may call for new flock to

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 25. [1792.

scription book shall be (hut, and a general meeting, of the proprietors calied, upon such notice as a court of ordinary directors ill all think fit; at which meeting the share or shares not subscribed for shall be sold to the highed bidder, provided such bidder be a proprietor of the present capital stock of the said bank, or be authorised and empowered to purchase for a person who is a proprietor of the said capital dock, by a writing under his, her, or their hands.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any premium or gain be received upon or by the said sale or sales, the same shall be applied for the benefit of the governor and company of the bank of Scotland.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any share or (bares of the new (lock shall not be sold at the said general meeting of proprietors, then, and in that case, the subscription book shall be immediately again opened, and it shall be in the power of any person or persons to subscribe for such a number of shares as he, she, or they shall choose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to the majority of a general meeting of the said proprietors, to call for the whole, or any part of the new or additional (lock, to be subscribed for in manner above directed, at such times and in

ubfcnbed such proportions as they shall think proper: provided always, That no subscriber shall be called upon to pay up more than his jud proportion of three hundred thousand pounds derling, the amount of the new (lock corresponding to the number of shares subscribed for by him: but it shall not be in the power of any subscriber to pay up either the whole, or any part of the new additional dock, until the same shall be called for by a majority of a general meeting of the proprietors.

No proprietor

VII. And be it further enacted, That no subscriber of new to dray^di" entdled to draw any part of a dividend either upon

vidcnd till his his old or new dock, until he has paid his proportion of any call call is paid in of dock that has been ordered by a majority of a general meeting of proprietors; and each subscriber of new dock failing to pay his proportion of such call, shall be charged with the legal intered upon it, until the same be paid; and shall have no vote at elections or general meetings while the same remains unpaid.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, That a certificate under the hand of the accomptant of the said bank, certifying that a call or calls have not been paid by any of the persons who have subscribed againstpersons themselves to the said new dock, or by any of the persons for failing to pay whom any other person, empowered as aforesaid, has subscribed in their calls. £0 the said dock, shall, when produced with this alto the court of session, be a sufficient warrant to the said court for iduing letters of horning against such person or persons, for the call or calls unpaid by them, at the indance or suit of the treasurer of the said bank.

Former acts

IX. And it is hereby provided and declared, That the said at confirmed, of the parliament of Scotland, in the year one thousand six hundred

except where 1 J

altered by this anc ninety five, excepting so far as the same is altered by the said act.*' other

Court of session to issue letters of horning

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 26 — 5

other acts of the fourteenth and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty; and also the said act of the fourteenth of his present Majesty, excepting so far as the same is altered by the said act of the twenty-fourth of his present Majesty, and the said other add of the twenty-fourth of his present Majesty, shall remain in full force in all points, excepting in so far as the same are altered by this act.

X. And lastly, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Public act this act shall be deemed a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of by all judges, justices, and others whatsoever without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two — Continued annually.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or other's, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and tile affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors: indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for that purpose; and for allowing further time to such persons as have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

812, 500l. to be raised by a lottery, and subscribers to deposit il. 5s. for each ticket. All persons who have made deposits, pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions, at certain times specified, viz. al. by May 25, 1792; — 2l. by July 20; — 2l. by Sept. 7; — 2l. by Oct. 19; — 3l. by Dec. 14, and the rer maining 4l. by Jan. n, 1793; and the contributors for each 161- 5s. advanced, to have upon each fortunate ticket the lot fallen to him; and those that pay contributions before the time limited to be allowed discount at 3l. percent, per ann. and if the whole sum of Si, ooh be paid, to have lottery tickets delivered at the rate of 16l. 5s. each. Cashier to give security to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the treasury; and to pay ail moneys received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury empowered so apply the money paid in by the cashier. 500, 0001.the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books.

Managers to exam hie the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the lame. Cashiers to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, and anaccoimt of money received and paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or (ilk; and cut off

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 28. [1792.

indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. — % prizes of 30, 000k. — 2 of 20, 000k — 3 of 10, 000k — 5 of 5, 000k — 10 of a, 000k — 15 of 1,000k — 30 of 500k — 50 of iool. — 100 of 50l. and 14) 150 of 20k 1, ooool. to the first drawn ticket; i, ooool. to the last drawn. Tickets in the outermost column of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), See. Public notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 18, 1793. Method to be observed in drawing, See. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums, to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, C capital felony and death. Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50k reward. pro viso, no attainder for such offences to make corruption of blood, loss of dower, or disherison of heirs. Managers to be sworn oath.

I A.B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn in pursuance of an act of parliament, made in the thirty second year of his majesty's reign, do swear, That I will faithfully execute the trust reposed in me; and that I will not use any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any person to use any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myself, or any other person whatsoever; and that I will do the utmost of my endeavours to prevent any undue or linifter practice to be done by any person whatsoever; and that I will, to the best of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

Cashier may receive the sums subscribed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the same; which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 16l. 5 s. paid. After May 25, 1792, the cashier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the sum actually subscribed; and shall give receipts for the reffdue of such sums, after deducting the value of the tickets so delivered. Contributors, not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, Sec. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, Sec. as they shall think fit. The 500, 000k for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged cn any supplies granted this session; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on June 28, 1793, Sec. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, Sec. and signed, Sec. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expenses attending the execution of this act. No see to be taken for receiving or paying contribution moneys, or for any receipts, Sec. on penalty of 20k No tickets to be divided into any other shares than halyes, quarters, eighths, and sixteenths, on penalty of 5ol. Form of shares of tickets.

J^OTTERY for the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

(An Half) Ticket, No.

(or as the Share may be)

The bearer of this share will be entitled to one part of such beneficial chance as shall belong to the ticket numbered as above, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty second year of his present Majesty's reign.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Persons counterfeiting shares Sec. guilty of felony, and suffer as such.

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 29, 30. 487

CAP. XXIX.

An act for establishing a permanent fund for the relief and support of kip pers and keelmen employed in the coal trade on the river Wear, in the county of Durham, who by sickness, or other accidental misfortunes, or by old age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their families; and also for the relief of the widows and children of such (kippers and keelmen.

Skippers and keelmen employed in the coal trade on the river Wear, in the county of Durham, formed into a society, to be called "The Society of Keelmen on the River Wear forty-one guardians appointed; who are to be a body politic and corporate, by the name of "The Guardians of the Society of Keelmen on the River Wear. Guardians to provide an hospital for the infirm keelman. No keelman to be entitled to the benefits of this act, unless he shall produce a certificate from the stewards of the society declaring him to be an objeci of the charity. No person shall be entitled to the benefits of this at, unless he shall have contributed his quota to the fund for one entire year, See. Three of the guardians to be a committee, and meet the first Tuesday in every month. The transactions of the committee to be subject to the control of the other guardians. A steward to be chosen yearly for each work. Election of guar dians to be on the first of Jan. annually. Power for guardians to make bye laws. Each (kipper to pay not exceeding aq. per chaldron out of his wages, on the first Thursday in Jan. and July, according to muster roll.

Two justices to summon sitters or collectors, and to examine them upon oath; and in case of embezzlement, to levy by distress and sale. Sitters or collectors refilling to appear on summons, forfeit not more than iool. nor less than iol. Charges of this act, and of officers salaries, to be first paid, and then the receipts to accumulate for two years. Savings to be placed in the funds. Allowance to be made towards the expense of the members funerals. Persons applying for relief to make out their claims. persons obtaining relief by fraud, CC to be excluded from future benefits.

[Public act.]

CAP. XXX.

An act for taking down the church, chanoel, and tower belonging to the parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in Bridgnorth, in the county of Salop, and for rebuilding the same, and for enlarging the burial ground of the said parish.

Trustees. If trustees die or refuse to act, new ones to be appointed. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Qualification of trustees, iol. a year in land or houses and real or personal estate of the value of i, ooool. First meeting to be the first Monday in May 1792. Clerk, treasurer, See. to be appointed. Rates to be made, and not to exceed three Shillings in the pound. Tenants to pay the whole, and dednct half the rates out of the rents. Not to affect agreements. Where houses are let to several families, the landlord to pay the rate. Recovery of rates. Power to sue for rates. Trustees may borrow 3, 000l. and assign rates as security, which may be transferred. Manner of paying off securities. Two collectors to be chosen yearly. Collectors to account. On refufol may be committed.

Trustees to take down the church, and a new one to be built. Ecclesiastical court of the deanery of Bridgnorth to be held in the vestry room. Two small pieces of ground to be laid into the churchyard. Power to purchase land for the further enlargement of the churchyard. Money belonging to corporations, C to be laid out in the purchase of estates. Directions as to monuments. Allotment of pews. No undue preference in the sale or letting of seats. Persons to whom pews allotted to pay for erecting, C

No poll for elections in the church. Banns to be published, C previous to building the church in the church of Saint Leonard in Bridgnorth.

New church to be called the parish church of Saint Mary Magdalen.

Right of the minister, and right of presentation preserved. Saving eccle

K k 3 f fiaftic. 4

438 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 31, 32. [1792.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

ftastical rights. Remedy for recovering subscriptrions. Application of moneys raised. Trustees may compound for penalties contained in any contract. Appeal. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for more effectually embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, the island of Canvey, in the county of Essex.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Commissioners appointed. Election of new of Commissioners to take an oath. First meeting of of on the second Wednesday in May 1792. One or two of may adjourn. Commissioners to be paid 5s. each towards the expenses of their meetings. Commissioners not to be personally liable. Commissioners may make rules and orders, and appoint officers. Security to be given by the treasurer and collector. Officers to account. The works vested in the of; except those round the Outfands. Commissioners to maintain the works. Power to get materials. Power to set the walls further inward, making satisfaction. If the owners of the land taken for a foreland shall not agree with the of concerning the value, the same to be ascertained by a jury, 5l. penalty on jurors and witnesses for default. Application of purchase money belonging to corporations, C Occupiers to cleanse ditches. Power of superintending the works round the Outfands. Commissioners may raise in four years, from May 1, 179a, 3, 8ool. by an annual rate on the lands in the island of Canvey (except the lands called Outfands). Notice to be given. of meetings for making rates. Power to pay off the moneys raised in aid of the third acre owners. Expenses of the act to be paid by the proprietors of lands in the island, except the third acre owners and the proprietors of the Outfands. Power to borrow money. Proprietors of lands in the island being tenants for life, or for years determinable upon lives, or upon any other contingency, may borrow money imposed upon them by this act by way of mortgage, and where such charge is made, the moneys directed to be repaid, to be paid to the persons advancing the same. Owners to give an account of their lands. Copy of the estimates and assessments to be affixed on the doors of the parish church and chapel of South Bemfleet, in the island of Canvey. Power of levying taxes. Tenants paying taxes may d.edudt the same out of their rents. Power to levy taxes on untenacted lands. Power to charge lessees with a further relit on account of the improvements. 467l. is. already advanced to be first paid. Cattle depaftur ing on the banks to be impounded. Destroying the works liable to be punished as in caffs of felony, iol. penalty on opening floodgates, See. justices to administer oaths. Appeal to the quarter lesions from the order of justices or of Proceedings not be quashed for want of form. Persons aggrieved for irregularity in distress, to recover for the special damage only. Works not to be subject to the commissioners of sewers. Books of account to be kept. Rules and orders to be entered in books and ffgned. No order reversible but by content of seven of Saving the rights of lords of manors. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XXXII.

An act to revive and continue so much of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the conveyance of Sheep between Cowes in the Me of Wight, and the ports of Southampton and Portsmouth; and to extend the same to horses and lambs; and to amend the said act.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an act made in the sixth year of the reign of 6 Geo. 3. c. 50. his present Majesty, among other things, for allowing the con and veyance from the ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, to the port

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 3?.' 489

of Cowes in the isle of Wight, of goods not liable to duty on exportation, or prohibited to be exported, and of sheep and cattle between the said ports, without cocquets being taken or bonds entered into for that purpose it was e naff erf, That no cocquet or bond should be required for carrying or conveying sheep (provided the same be carried in opeti boats or boys)) any other kind of cattle (horses and lambs excepted), between the port of Cowes in the Isle of Wight, and the ports of Southampton and Portsmouth: and whereas by another aff, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, amongst other things, to explain, amend, and reduce into one at of parlia ^sgeo.3. c.?8. ment, several laws now in being for preventing the exportation of recited, live sheep, lambs, and rams, the said first recited aff, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was repealed in reffreff to the conveyance of sheep between Cowes and the ports of Southampton and Portsmouth: whereas it is expedient that the said first recited aff, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Mafifiy, so far as the same shall relate to the ports of coves, Southampton, and Portsmouth respectively, Should be revived and continued in force, and Should extend to permit the removal of horses between the said ports of Southampton, Portsmouth, and Cowes respectively, when not exceeding six in number in any one vejfiel, and of any number of all other cattle, except Sheep and lambs, without any fuffierance or other cujhm house document vahatever, and of lambs without cocquet or bond, as well as Sheep, and to permit the removal without cocquet or bond fro?n the said port of Cowes to the said ports a/'southampton and Portsmouth respectively, of any kind of goods, wares, or merchandises, which are not, or fijall not be prohibited to be exported front Great Britain to foreign parts, nor liable to any custom or duty to his majesty on the exportation thereof from Great Britain, and to permit and allow the removal without cocquet or bojul from the said port of Cowes to the said ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, of any kind of goods, tvares, or merchandises, subject or liable to duty on the importation thereof into Great Britain, provided the duty of custom on such importation shall not exceed five pounds for such goods which are to be so carried or conveyed as aforesaid, and the sane goods so liable to duty be carried or conveyed in one vessel or boat, at one and the same time, belonging to the inhabitants of the ports of Cowes, Southampton, and Portsmouth respectively; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said From July recited add, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Ma recited jesty, hall, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand fofaras^dat* seven hundred and ninety-two, so far as the same shall relate to to the ports of the said ports of Cowes, Southampton, and Portsmouth, be revived, Cowes south and shall continue in full force and effect, the same as if the said ampton, and 'recited at, made in the twenty-eighth year of his present Ma rev\ved°ut^? jesty's reign, had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Horses not froi}i and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hun exceeding fis

K k 4 dredmonevcfld>

ber of cattle (Keep and lambs excepted) may be conveyed between Cowes and Southampton and Portsmouth, without sufferance, See.

and any num red and ninety-two, it shall and may be lawful for any person or

-, J J \ r y J 4 1*

persons whatever to carry or convey hories, when not exceeding six in number in any one vessel, and any number of all other cattle (sheep and lambs excepted) without obtaining any sufferance or other customhouse document whatever, between the said port of Cowes and the said ports of Southampton find Portsmouth, and also lambs, without taking out any cocquet or cocquets, or giving any security by bond, or otherwise, for the due landing the same; provided the same be carried in open boats or boys, in like manner as sheep are required to be carried by the said recited af, made in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign; and to carry and convey from the said port of Cowes to the said ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, without taking out any cocquet or cocquets, or giving any security by bond, or other wise, for the due landing the same, any kind of goods, wares, or merchandises, which are not or hall not be prohibited to be exported from Great Britain to foreign parts, or which are not or hall not be liable to any custom or duty to his Majesty on the exportation thereof from Great Britain, and to carry and convey, without taking out any cocquet or cocquets, or giving any security by bond, or otherwise, from the said port of Cowes to the said ports of Southampton and Portsmouth, of any kind of goods, wares and merchandises, subject or liable to duty on the importation thereof into Great Britain; provided the duty of customs on such importation hall not exceed five pounds for such goods which are to be so carried or conveyed as aforesaid, and the same goods so liable to duty be carried or conveyed in one vessel or boat at one and the same time, belonging respectively to the inhabitants of the ports of Cowes Southampton, and Portsmouth.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any officer of the customs redding in the Isle of Wight, near the place where any sheep or lambs are to be so carried or conveyed as aforesaid, from the said port of Cowes to the said ports of Southampton and Portsmouth by sufferance only, to grant such sufferance, and such officer is hereby required to grant the same onftue application for that purpose; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Officer of the customs in the fie of Wight to grant sufferance s.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for explaining and amending an act passed in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second., entitled., An act for the encouragement of seamen employed in the royal navy, and for establishing a regular method for the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the support of their wives and families; and for preventing frauds and abuses attending such payments; and for further extending the benefits thereof to petty officers and seamen, noncom- -- of mariner, and marines, serving, or who may have served, on board any of his Majesty's ships.

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 3^ 491

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the thirty frf year of the reign his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for sigeo.a. c.io* the encouragement of seamen employed in the royal navy; and for recfted* establishing a regular method for the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the support of their wives and families; and for preventing frauds and abuses attending such payments: and whereas it is jujl that certain provisons of the said at Should be extended to marines serving on boardships in his Majesty75 service; and it would tend much to the advantage of seamen and marines, that the method established by the said act for the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages, Should be further extended; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first: day of Prom Aug. t9 August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, when and so often as any noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, belonging to any ship or vessel in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, hall, by order of the captain or commanding officer of such ship or vessel, be set side ashore, and be sent into any hospital or sick quarters for his recovery, and such noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, be discharged from such hospital or sick quarters unserviceable, the agent of such hospital or lick quarters is hereby charged and required to make out a certificate of such discharge, and to sign, testify, and deliver the same, in the manner and form directed by the aforesaid act of the thirty first year of the reign of his said late Majesty, in cases where seamen are so discharged from such hospitals or lick quarters.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall die in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or luc ceflors, the captain or commander of the ship or vessel in which such officer or marine served at the time of his death shall, as soon as may be after his death, make out a ticket for the wages or pay due to such officer of marines, or marine, for his service on board of such ship or vessel at the time of his death; which ticket the said captain or commander shall sign himself, and shall cause to be signed by the proper signing officers of such ship or vessel, and shall send or transmit the same to the of of the navy at their board; and the said of shall note, examine, and assign the same for payment, and shall deliver the same to the executors or administrators, or others duly authorised to receive the same, in the manner directed by the aforesaid adb of the thirty first year of the reign of his said late Majesty, in cases when seamen die on board ships or vessels in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

III. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any petty officer 01 seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines,

1 7 y 2 > khc agent of hospitals to make out difehar^es for noncommissioned officers of marines, or marines, dismissed as unserviceable, See. as directed by recited act.

On the death of any such officer or marine, the captain of the Hi ip to make out a ticket of the pay due,

& C

On the death of any petty officer, Scc.

49a Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 33.

[1792.s

the captain to fines, or marine, shall die in the service of his Majesty, his heirs feto behold or ^ucce9'ors5 captain or commander of the hip or vessel in at themaft C which such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, served at the time of his death, shall as soon as may be thereafter cause the clothes or other effects which such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, was possessed of at the time of his death, to be publicly sold at the mast, and the amount of such clothes or effects bought at such sale to be marked and charged against the wages of the person or persons purchasing the same; provided always, that the clothes or effects so bought shall not exceed the net wages due and payable to the person purchasing the same: and the said captain or commander hall further direct and order the purser under whose inspection such clothes or effects shall have been put up to sale, to make out, or cause to be made out, a list or bill, containing the name of the person or persons who shall have purchased such clothes or effects, or any part thereof, and specifying the amount and value purchased by each as aforesaid, and shall direct such purser to sign the same, and shall himself sign and' transmit such bill or account of clothes or effects sold, annexed to and by the same conveyance, and at the same times, as he shall send and transmit the dead ticket for the wages of such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, who shall have so died as aforesaid; and when and so often as any'petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall die, without leaving at the time of his death any clothes or effects as aforesaid, the said captain or commander shall certify to that effect on the dead ticket to be made out as aforesaid.

Captains to

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from

cause the and after the said sir ft day of August one thousand seven hundred

names o e atkj ninety-two, when and so often as any captain or commanding: non com mil

Honed officers officer of any ship or vessel in Jhe iemce of his Majesty, his heirs

of marines, or successors, which shall not be in any port of Great Britain, or and marines, on tie coast thereof, shall, in compliance with the directions with the names given hhn 'in the aforementioned act, read over, or cause to be of the petty read over, the names of all the inferior officers and Teamen be officers, and longing to such ship or vessel, the said captain or commanding seamen, and to officer is hereby directed and required to read over in like man offtichas shall ner> or cave to reac^ over? ah names of the non com mif be desirous of fioned officers of marines, and marines, belonging to such ship remitting their or vessel, and shall cause them to answer to their names; and if wages, C any such officer of marines, or marine, shall be desirous to remit to his wife, father, or mother, in Great Britain, or if any inferior officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall be desirous to remit to his grandfather, grandmother, brother, or filter, the said captain or commander shall cause lists to be made out for such officers, seamen, and marines, in the manner directed by the aforesaid act, in cases of inferior officers and seamen remitting their wages to their wives, fathers, or mothers, and shall in like manner sign, complete, and transmit thcj

493

C

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 33.

same to the of of the navy at their board; and the said of shall cause bills to be made out for every such allotment, which bills they shall make payable, and transmit, affigu for payment, and direct to be paid, in every respect, the same as directed by the aforesaid at of the thirty first year of the reign of his said late Majesty, in cases of bills made out for allotments made by inferior officers and feamcit on board of such ships or vessels.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, For wages from and after the said first day of August one thousand seven hun when payable, dred and ninety-two, when and so often as any wages or pay due ^ceivevui^ to any noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall be udcm the repaid at the pay office of the navy, or at any of the cut ports, if ceiver general such officer of marines, or marine, shall desire to receive a bill of the land-tax, for the whole, or any part of the same, to be drawn upon the receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the check as aforesaid, then and in such case the commissioner of the navy comptrolling such payment shall cause bills to be made out, which he shall sign, and cause to be attested, forwarded, and delivered in like manner as directed in the aforesaid at of the thirty first year of the reign of his said late Majesty, in cases of inferior officers and seamen remitting their wages.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon the duplicate of any remittance bill or bills, made out in favour of or granted in the manner herein before directed to any noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall be produced six months and delivered to any receiver-general of the land tax, collector of of the date to the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the check, in general h Great Britain respectively, within six calendar months from the shall examine date thereof, he is hereby required and enjoined to examine such into the truth duplicate, and inquire into the truth thereof, by the oath of the ot it upon person producing the same, which oath he is hereby authorised fhc famewlth and directed to administer, and upon being duly satished to testify out see, but if the same on the back of such bill, and shall immediately pay to not produced the person or persons to whom such bills shall be made payable, within six and who shall be entitled to receive the same, without fee or re [halibtre ward on any pretence whatsoever, the sum contained in such bill, turned to the taking his, her, or their receipt for the same on the back thereof, treasurer of which bill so paid, upon being produced and delivered, together the navy, dec. with the duplicate thereof, at the navy office, shall be immediately assigned for payment by three or more of of the

navy, and shall be immediately repaid by the treasurer of the navy to such receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the customs of the excise, clerk of the check, or to the order of any of them respectively, who shall have paid such bill; but in case the duplicate of such bill shall not be produced and delivered, and the payment thereof be demanded within six calendar months from the date thereof, then the said receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise,

Qi clerk of the check, shall return such bill to the treasurer of the

navy,

On production of the duplicates of a bill within

id by

fied.

494 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 33. [1792.

navy, who shall cause such bill to be immediately cancelled, and from and after the cancelling thereof the sum so contained in such bill shall accrue and become payable to such noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, for whose wages or pay it was made out, or to his lawful attorney or attorneys, or to his representatives, in case he shall be dead, in the same manner as if such bill had never been issued.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ant toett roman ater the day f dugujl one thousand seven

officers C^and ninety-two, when and so often as any petty officer turned over, r seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall or discharged, be turned over from any hip or vessel in the service of his ma c. tickets for jesty} his heirs or successors, into any other ship or vessel in such containing the service, and which hips or vessels hall not at the time of the reparticulars moval of such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer herein speci of marines, or marine, be in any port of Great Britain, where any commissioner of his majesty's navy may be and reside, and when and so often as any such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall by wounds, sickness, or any other manifest infirmity, be disabled, and be discharged from such hip or vessel as unserviceable, or be sent sick to any of his majesty's hospitals or sick quarters, at home or abroad, then and in either of such cases the captain or commanding officer of the ship from which the said petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall be so turned over, or be so discharged, or sent sick, shall at the same time make out, or cause to be made out, a ticket for the wages or pay due ter such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, for his services on board such ship or vessel at the time of his being so turned over, discharged, or sent sick, and which ticket shall consist of two parts, that shall be duplicates, and joined together, by oblique lines, flourishes, and devices, and each of which shall specify the name, age, stature, and complexion of such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, and likewise the date of his entry into such ship or vessel as aforesaid, and the date of his being so turned over, discharged unserviceable, or sent sick, from the same; and, if turned over, the name of the hip or vessel to which he shall be so turned over, and if discharged unserviceable as aforesaid, the name of the ship or vessel into which he may be invalided to return home, together with the name of the place where he shall be so discharged j and if sent sick, the name of the hospital or sick quarters to which he shall be so sent; and each of the said parts of such ticket shall also describe the number at which such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, flood upon the books of the ship or vessel from which he shall be turned over, discharged, or sent sick, and also the particulars of all the stops and other deductions which were charged against fiis wages in the said ship or vessel, and the amount of the same shall be wrote or printed in words at length; and if th said petty officer or seaman, non commissioped officer

Q. gf

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 33/ 495

of marines, or marine, shall be sent sick, as aforesaid, to any hospital or Tick quarters, either at home or abroad, one part of such ticket shall also specify the different effects or necessaries which shall be sent with him, and shall describe the disorder or infirmity for which he shall be so sent, and shall be addressed to the of appointed to take care of sick and wounded seamen, or their agent, at such hospital or sick quarters, and the form of such remove ticket, unserviceable ticket, or sick ticket, as the case may be, shall be as follows, or to the like effect:

Sick

49& Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 33. [1792.

f Sick ticket, unserviceable ticket, or

foreign remove ticket.

non the Ship's Book.

C

Not saleable or transferable.]

N on the Entry Book.

C

Act of Parliament Geo. III. Cap. 33.

seaman, aged " years, feet,

inches high, of a complexion, entered on

board his majesty's on the day of one thousand seven hundred and and

served until this day of one thousand seven hundred and in the quality of

at which time he was to

Abatements to be made For marine necessaries- -

in lick quarters Navy stop clothes

Dead men's CL oaths beds ——

Tobacco

Wages remitted from abroad two months advance -

p

Amounting to

pence

pounds

shillings and

Given under our hands, Captain Purser

Matter

Boatswain

If the person in whose favour this ticket is made out shall be sent lick to any hospital, or Tick quarters, at home or abroad, and shall afterwards return to his ship, he shall leave this ticket with the agent of such hospital or Tick quarters.

If he shall be sent from such hospital or Tick quarters to serve in any other ship, he shall carry this ticket with him, which shall not be payable until the ship on board of which he goes shall come in course of payment, or until he shall be discharged therefrom.

If he shall be removed from one ship to another abroad, he shall deliver it, when he arrives in England, to the of of the navy in London, or to the commissioner of the navy redding at Portsmouth, Plymouth, or Chatham, who will cause payment to be made as soon as may be, at whichever of these places it shall be delivered.

If he shall be in any way discharged unserviceable, he may receive payment in the same manner at any of those places; or if, being so discharged unfervieeable, he shall be or arrive at any other port or place in Great Britain or Ireland, and shall be desirous to receive payment at such place of this or any other ticket which he may have, he shall apply to the nearest collector of the customs or excise, or receiver of the land tax, or clerk of the check, and hall deliver to him such tickets, together with a certificate of his having received no wages for his services'during his passage, if he shall have come home in a packet or merchantman; and the said collector of the customs, or whichever of the above revenue officers he shall apply to, shall transmit the same to the of of the navy in London, who will forward a bill for the amount of the wages, to be immediately paid to the person entitled to them; and the said revenue officer shall also transmit such person's address, who mu ft be indentified to him by the matter of the said packet or merchantman, or by same other person of good repute.

N.B. The personating or falsely assuming the name and character of any petty officer, seaman, or marine, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive any pay or wages due, or supposed to be due, is made felony without benefit of clergy, by act 32. Geo.

III. And if the person in whose favour this ticket is made out, shall die before he receives payment, it is to be returned, together with any other^idv^ij^may have in his possession, to the of of the navy, London:

: Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgiijil C 33, 497

Sick ticket,

unserviceable ticket, or

foreign remove ticket, [Not saleable or transferable,]

non the Shipps Book.

seaman, aged years, feet,

inches high, of a complexion, entered on

board his majesty's on the day of one thousand seven hundred and and

served until this day of _ one thousand seven hundred and in the quality of

at which time he was to

N on the Entry Book.

C

Act of Parliament 3 % Geo. III. Cap. 33.

Abatements to be made

For marine necessaries ——

Venereals -

Neglect -

lick quarters -

Navy stop clothes - 1

Dead men's clothes -

Beds -

Tobacco -

Wages remitted from abroad -

Two months advance -

Amounting to pounds shillings and

pence

Given under our hands,

Captain, Mailer

Purser Boatswain

If the party shall be discharged unserviceable, be turned over to any other ship in the service of his Majesty, or be sent lick, and do not return to his ship, the captain or commanding officer is to send this duplicate to the of of the navy, London, by the first safe opportunity thereafter.

Or any captain or commanding officer, who shall have this duplicate in his posies fion, upon his arrival in England is immediately to forward it to the commissioners of the navy, London

11

498 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 33.

[1792.1

SICK TICKET.

To the of appointed to take care of sick and wounded seamen, or their agent, at j

WHEREAS we have fenton Shore the person mentioned in the within ticket, being aifii&ed with we desire,

that care may be taken to promote his cure, and to provide him quarters, according to the methods of the navy.

He has taken the following necessaries on shore with him:

Sugeon.

HOSPITAL DISCHARGE.,

THESE are to certify, That the within mentioned

was sent to this place upon the day of

179 for the cure of and being

cured, was discharged hence this day of

179 to go forthwith to

He has received in clothes to the value of

And in conduct money

Amounting to pounds shillings

and pence,

Witness my hand,

Appointed to take care of sick and hurt seamen.

An

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 33. 499

And the captain or commander of such ship or vessel shall sign Captains to both parts of such ticket, and cause the same to be signed by the tic

proper signing officers of the ship, and he shall cut them asunder w*C indentwise, through the oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, and shall deliver orte part of the same to the petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, who shall be turned over, discharged, or lent Tick in manner aforesaid; and if such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, having been sent sick to any foreign hospital, or sick quarters, shall not return to his ship, or having been sent to any hospital or sick quarters in Great Britain, shall not return to his ship within thirty days from the time of his having been so sent; or if such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall have been discharged unserviceable, or removed from one ship to another abroad, the said captain or commander shall transmit the other part by the first safe opportunity thereafter, without any.neglect or delay whatsoever, to the of of the navy at their board, for the use of such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines or marine; who are hereby directed and required, as soon as they shall Navy board receive such part, to cause the same to be forthwith examined, and the day upon which it shall be received to be endorsed there mitted to be on; and when any petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned examined, C officer of marines, or marine, who shall be so sent to any of his majesty's hospitals or sick quarters, shall be discharged therefrom, the.agentof such hospital or sick quarters is hereby required aeentsofhof and directed to make out a certificate of such discharge, by filling pitalfve^cevtifi up the blanks, as the truth may be, of the form subjoined to die sick ticket, which shall have been delivered, as aforesaid, to the discharge said petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, therefrom of or marine, and which he shall sign and deliver to him; and when officeis, any such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall be so discharged from any of his ma jessy's hospitals, or sick quarters abroad, and shall arrive in any port of Great Britain, in any packet, or trading ship or vessel, and shall not have received any wages, pay, or other consideration, for any service performed by him while on board the same, the commander of such ship or vessel is hereby directed and re Commanders quired to grant a certificate thereof, which shall also express and of vessels set forth the dates of the entry of such petty officer or seaman, petty'officers! noncommissioned offecer of marines, or marine, on board of his discharged ship or vessel, and discharge therefrom: and if any such com from hospitals mander shall refuse or delay to grant such certificate, upon appli abroad, to cation to him for the same from such petty officer or seaman, j^tes" of their noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, he shall forfeit having paid and pay the firm of fifty pounds, to be recovered in any of his them no wa majesty's courts of record at Wtfhninster, by action of debt bill, scsf°t their. plaint, or information, one half thereof to be applied to such petty thd^p^ftige * officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or ma home, onpe rine, and the other half thereof to the perfoa who shall sue for the nalty of 5 A. same.

500 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 33. [1792.

VIII. And whereas, by the abovementioned act passed in the thirty first year of the reign of his late Majesty, the sum of sixpence per diem was thereby directed to be allowed and paid to British govern nors, minifers, con sids, and merchants, residing in foreign parts, for the subsistence of allseafaring men and boys, subjects of Great Britain, that Should be shipwrecked, captured, or by other unavoidable accidents be driven or cast away, or that Should be discharged unserviceable from any fdps or vessels of the royal navy \ and the like sum of sixpence per diem was directed to be paid and allovjed to every master or p erf on having charge of a ship or vessel taking on board such seafaring man, d rer diem tn te manner in the said act mentioned; be it hereby enabled, That, to be allowed from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred in cases where and ninety-two, the sum of nine pence per diem shall be allowed r^ded^d" 1 an Pain ^eac^ aforesaid sum of sixpence; said

lowed by*- um nine pence per diem shall be paid in the same manner, and 3igeo.2. c.io. under the same regulations and restrictions, as are directed by the aforesaid a respecting the sum of sixpence per diem thereby allowed, anything to the contrary in any former abl contained notwithstanding.

boar uo^af And^further enabled, That as soon as any petty offi

fwn for pay cer or feamarh noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, rnent tickets who shall have been in any way discharged abroad, as aforesaid, ptefented or shall present that part of the ticket or tickets which shall have to een ^e^verec* to tn as herein before directed, together with a C certificate of discharge in case he shall have been sent Tick to any hospital or Tick quarters, and a ticket or certificate from the commander of any packet or trading ship or vessel, if he shall have so arrived in any port in Great Britain, to the of of the navy, at their board, they shall examine, or cause the same to be examined, by the muster books, or other returns for the time, if received; and, upon being duly satisfied that the person so presenting the same is the petty officer orseaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, upon whose account the same was made out, they, or any three of them, shall immediately assign for payment that part of such ticket or tickets which shall have been so presented to them by such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, or that part of the same which shall have been transmitted to them by any captain or commanding officer in his majesty's service, if such part shall have come to their hands, or either of such parts; and the part so assigned shall include the time that such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, upon whose account the same shall have been 1b made out, shall have been in any of his majesty's foreign hospitals or sick quarters, in case he shall have been in any such hospital or sick quarters, and of which he shall have produced certificates, as herein before directed, from the agent of such hospital or sick quarters, and also the time which such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall have been in any packet, or trading ship or vessel, on his passage home, if he shall have so come home, and of which tee shall have produced certificates, as herein before directed, fron>

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 33. 501

the commander of such packet, or trading ship or vessel; the said of having so assigned and otherwise completed such ticket, they shall immediately deliver, or cause the same to be delivered to the petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, upon whose account the same shall have been made out; who shall be entitled to receive payment Petty officers, thereon, and to remit what part thereof he may think proper, C entitled to with the same powers, privileges, and restrictions as if the said wages were due at the general payment of any ship, provided he e sj" shall actually belong, at that time, to his majesty's service, or shall have been duly and regularly discharged therefrom; and in commission case any petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of ma ers of the navy rines, or marine, belonging to his majesty's navy, or who shall ^amme°tick have been duly and regularly discharged therefrom, shall be at ets, and trans any port in Great Britain where any commissioner of the navy mit them to may be and reside, and be desirous to receive his wages or pay at the navy such port, which shall be due upon any ticket or tickets, certifi a^to'affi sn cate or certificates, which maybe in his possession, and made out them for pay -- as herein before directed, he shall present the same to such comment, C missioner, who shall examine the same, and the person so presenting the m; and being satisfied that such tickets or certificates were made out for and on account of the said person, he shall immediately transmit them to the of of the navy at their board, who shall cause the day upon which they shall receive the same to be endorsed thereon, and shall examine, or cause them to be examined, by the muster books, or other returns for the time, if received; and they, or any three of them, shall assign for payment that part of such ticket or tickets which shall have been so transmitted to them, or that part of the same which hall have been transmitted to them by any captain or commanding officer in his majesty's service, if such part shall have come to their hands, or either of such parts; and the part so assigned shall include the time that such petty officer or seaman, non commissioned officer of marines, or marine, upon whose account the same shall have been so made out, shall have been in any of his Majesty's foreign hospitals, or sick quarters, in case he shall have been in any such hospital or sick quarters, and of which he shall have produced certificates as herein before directed, from the agent of such foreign hospital or sick quarters, and also the time which such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine., shall have been in any packet or trading ship or vessel cn his passage home, if he shall have so come home, and of which he shall have produced certificates, as herein before directed, from the commander of such packet, or trading ship dr vessel; and the Tickets, so said of having so assigned, or otherwise completed such to the

ticket, they shall immediately return, or cause the same to be repp, t for p; vy turned to the commissioner at such port who shall have trans m in knitted the same to them; and the said commissioner, upon receiving such ticket, shall immediately deliver, or cause the same to be delivered, to the petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, upon whose account it shall have

h 1 2 been

& C tent t her which, when ned as herein directed, hall he their vouchers.

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 33. [1792.

been made out; and flail direbb payment to be made thereon without delay, and hall allow the said powers and privileges of remittance as aforesaid.

Agents of hof X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That,

ben and so often as any petty officers or seamen, non commis

out lists OI the r, r. J V J. nn.r r '

petty officers, honed officers of marines, or marines, shall be lent lick: to any

hospital or sick quarters at home or abroad, from any ship or

vessel in his majesty's service, the agent of such hospital or sick

quarters hail make out or cause to be made out from the respective

ficlc tickets of such petty officers and seamen, noncommissioned

officers of marines, and marines, a list containing the ir

names, and the numbers at which they respectively flood upon the books of the hip or Vessel from which they hall have been

lent; and the officer of such ship or veflei who dial have attended

them on shore hall examine such list, and finding the same to be

just and true, hall date and sign the same, and deliver it to the

agent, who shall take the first opportunity thereafter to procure

to the same the signature of the captain or commander of such Ship or vessel, and which list shall remain with him, and be to

him a sufficient voucher for having received such petty officers

and seamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, or marines,

into such hospital or lick quarters, in lieu and instead of the sick.

ticket directed to be made out, sent, and delivered by the aforesaid

aci of the thirty first year of the reign of his late Majesty.

XL. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any

ivtty officers,

vvo. return

to their Ships from hospitals to leave their sick tickets v.itn the agents, scco

rning petty officer or Teaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or

hut

marine, shall be sent sick to any hospital or sick quarters at home or abroad, and shall afterwards be discharged therefrom to return to the hip from which he shall have so been sent, he flail leave his Tick ticket in the hands of the agent of such hospital or sick quarters, who hall transmit the same to the of of the it if they are navy, with their monthly or quarterly returns; but if such petty cnchrirged as Officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine., hall be discharged unserviceable from such hospital or sick quar any other Ship, ters, or be discharged therefrom to serve in any other ftiip or to keep them, veflei, he hall keep and preserve such ticket for payment: provided always, that if such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall be so discharged to serve in any other hip or vessel, such ticket hall not be payable until the ftiip on board of which he flail go from such hospital or sick quarters shall come in course of payment, or until he shall be in any way discharged therefrom.

XII. And be it further enacted, That any such petty officer or seaman, non commissioned officer of marines, or marine, who shall be so sent sick from any hip or vessel into any of his ma tain to be a! jesty's hospitals or sick quarters in Great Britain, flail not be lowed cnly allowed wages or pay for more than thirty days of the time which yo days pay he shall remain in such hospital or Tick quarters, mai^there1c*

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Xav board to len anc {*° often as any petty officer or seaman, non

make out sick commissioned officer of marines, or marine, being absent from his

Petty officers, sent to hospitals, Sec. an Great Bri

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 33. 503

his ship upon any detached service or employment, shall be left ets for petty behind when the ship or vessel to which he belongs shall proceed ^ft°bthi to Tea or foreign service, then, and in every such case, the com service, missioner of his majesty's navy shall, upon application from the Pups proceed captain of the ship on board of which he shall be ordered to serve, to lea, C make out, or cause to be made out, from the monthly muil: er books of such ship or vessel, as soon a the same shall be received for the time, a ticket for every such petty officer or seaman, non epmmissioned officer of marines, or marine, as shall be so left behind, which ticket they shall check and examine, and on such application shall assign and deliver the same to the said petty officer or seaman, non: commissioned officer of marines, or marine, but which shall not be paid or payable until the ship or veiled into which he shall be sent fhasu come in course of payment, or until he shall be regularly discharged therefrom.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any petty officer or Petty officers, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall C discharg have been duly discharged, as disabled or unserviceable, from his vf.^f^trorn ship, or be discharged as disabled or unserviceable from any of his hospitals, be majesty's hospitals or ffek quarters, at home or abroad, and shall ing at ports arrive or be at any port in Great Britain where no commissioner where no of the navy shall be or reside, and shall at such port, or at any the'na^'^re other place in Great Britain, be desirous to receive payment of ftdes^and*any ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, which shall have wishing to re been made out on his account as herein before directed, and for ceive payment any time when such petty officer or seaman, non commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall have been upon his passage collectors of home, after having been discharged from such ship, or from such the customs, hospital or Tick quarters, he shall apply to the collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or receiver-general of the land tax, or clerk of the check, who may be at or nearest to such port or other place in Great Britain, and shall present'and deliver to him such ticket or tickets, together with the certificate of his having been duly discharged from such ship, or such hospital or sick quarters, as the case maybe, and likewise (if he has received no wages or other consideration for his services in any packet or trading ship or vessel on board of which he may have arrived in Great Britainj, a certificate thereof from the mailer or commander of such packet or trading ship or vessel; and such collcc Collector, for of the customs, collector of the excise, receiver-general of the on such land tax, or clerk of the check, in Great Britain, to whom he°

may apply respectively, is hereby required and directed to receive identity of the such tickets and certificates, and to require a certificate from the p irty, and mailer of the packet or vessel in which such seaman shall have transmit tick corn e home, if he shall have so come home, or from some re ets' to the

putable inhabitant of such place, that he knows the person apply 'Qal

ing to him as aforesaid, or believes such person to be the party entitled to hold the tickets or certificates which he shall have so presented, and whose address they shall also specify; and the said collector of the customs, collector of the excise, receiver-general of the tax, or clerk of the check, as the case may be, being

5° 4

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 33.

[17.92,

satisfied in every respect: with regard to the identity of such petty officer or Teaman, non commissioned officer of marines, or rine, hall grant an acknowledgement or receipt to him for such tickets and certificates as he mall so deliver, and shall immediately transmit the same, together with the certificate, and party's, address, taken by him as before directed, addressed to the of of his majesty's navy, at their board in London, who shall cause the day upon which they shall receive the same to be be examined - i^dorfed thereon, and they shall immediately cause such ticket or andremittance tickets, and certificate or certificates to be examined by the muf*bills made out ter books, if received, and shall make or cause to be made out, for the time, within three days, a remittance bill for the net balance due upon such tickets and such certificates, or upon the {hip's, books for which such ticket or tickets fhaj^ have been made out, in case the ship or ships shall have been paid for the time, and which remittance bills they are hereby directed and required to make out, assign, attest, forward, and transmit, in the manner herein before directed in cases of foreign remittances, apd which remittance bill for payment shall be made payable only to such petty officer or Teaman, non commissioned officer of marines, or marine, to whom such wages shall be ciue; and such remittance bills shall be made out in the form herein before directed, in cases of parties desiring their wages to be remitted from abroad, or to the like

ca.

Tickets so transmitted, to

C

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared Other tickets by the authority aforesaid, That in case both parts of any such remay be made move ticket, herein before directed to be granted and delivered to on ao°fica?ion petty°^cer or Hainan, non commissioned officer of marines, to the navy'of or marine, and to be transmitted to the of of the navy See, CAS aforesaid, or that part of such ticket which shall contain the certificate of discharge herein before directed to be granted by the agents of his majesty's hospitals or Tick quarters, shall happen to be lost or destroyed before the ship or vessel shall be paid for the time for which such ticket shall have been made out, then, and in any such case, another ticket or other tickets, or another cei tificate or other certificates, shall, upon application to the of of the navy, (upon their being satisfied of the identity of the party), be immediately made out from the muster books and hospital returns reflectively if received, and which other ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, shall be to such petty officer or Teaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, in every respe.fi: the lame as the ticket or tickets, and certificate or certifi such tickets cates, which were so lost or destroyed; and provided also, that to be cancel in case any petty officer or Teaman, noncommissioned officer of f nte^before' marnes? or marine, to whom such ticket or tickets, and certifi the ship be cate i certificates, shall have been made out, shall not appear in

paid, kc, person and pre Tent the same, in order to obtain payment as aforesaid,

before the ship or vessel shall be paid for the time for which such ticket or tickets shall have been made out, then, and in every such case, the pay or wages due to such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, for such

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 33. S

time, shall not be payable' by virtue of such ticket or tickets, or upon any part thereof, but the of of the navy shall cause the lame to be cancelled; and all such wages or pay shall accrue or become payable to such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, his attorney or attornies, executors or ad mini (Ira tors, demanding the same, and duly authorised to receive the same, as if such ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, had never been made out, granted, or sent; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: and provided also, That in case any petty officer or seaman, non com Executors to missioned officer of marines, or marine, to whom such ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates shall have been made out, shall the pavty^h ill die before he shall have received payment thereof, and before t; he ship have died be or vessel shall be paid, for which such ticket or tickets shall have fore receiving been made out, then, and in every such case, the pay or wages due on tg

such ticket shall become payable upon the same, or on the dupli ucl* 1c e 8# cate thereof, to the executors or administrators of such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, demanding the same, and duly authorised to receive the same; and the agent of the hospital or sick quarters, or the mailer or Agents of commander of the ship or vessel in which such officer, seaman, or hospital, See. marine shall be at the time of his death, or the person or persons

into whole possession or custody the said ticket or tickets may persons fq come and devolve, are hereby strictly required and enjoined irn dying, to the mediately to forward the same to the of of the navy, navx board, at their board, London.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon On produc as the duplicate of any remittance bill or bills, made out in fa l^itatctf your of, or granted in the manner herein before directed to, any remittance*petty officer, seaman, non commissioned officer cf marines, or bill to any marine, shall be produced and delivered to any receiver-general of receiver gene the land tax, coiledlor of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the check in Great Britain respectively, within six ealen^within 6 dar months from the date thereof, he is hereby required and en months from joined to examine such duplicate, and inquire into the truth there the elate, he of, by the oath of the person producing the same, which oath he Jjto tlfe Truth is hereby authorised and directed to administer, and upon being up0n1u duly satisfied to testify the same on the back of such bill, and shall oath, and pay immediately pay to the person to whom such bill shall be made the same with payable, and who shall be entitled to receive the same, without Tnot^ nfut see or reward on any pretence whatsoever, the sum contained in dneed^within such bill, taking his receipt for the same on the back thereof; 6 months, it which bill so paid, upon being produced and delivered, together hallbereturn with the duplicate thereof, at the navy office, shall be immedi Seafarer of fitely assigned for payment by three or more commissioned of the the nav^ navy, and shall be immediately repaid by the treasurer of the navy'to such receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, clerk of the check, or to the order of any of them respectively who shall have paid such bilj; but in case the duplicate of such bill shall not be produced and delivered, and the payment thereof be demanded within six calendar months from

L 1 4

If receiver-general, Sic. shall not have money in hand when

506 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 33* [1792.

the date thereof, then the said receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collecfor of the excise, or clerk of the check, hall return such bill to the treasurer of the navy, who shall cause such bill to be immediately cancelled, and from and after the cancelling thereof the sum so contained in such bill hall accrue and become payable to such inferior officer or seaman, non epmmissioned officer of marines, or marine, for whole wages pr pay it was made out, or to his lawful attorney or attorneys, or to his representatives, in case he shah be dead, in the same manner as if such bill had never been issued.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the check, to whom the duplicate of any of the bills herein tended 811^ before dilectei] to be made out and addressed, shall be tendered hall appoint a fr payment, shall not then have in his hands public money day for pay sufficient to answer the same, and shall for that reason refuse or ment within a delay the immediate payment thereof, such receiver-general, col month, Sic, Jedlor of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the check, shall immediately endorse on the back of the said duplicate the day of its being so tendered to him, and the cause of his refusal or delay to pay the same, and shall appoint thereon for the payment of such bill some future day, within the space of one month at the far, theft from the day of its having been first tendered to him as aforesaid; and such duplicate, with the endorse a ment thereon, shall immediately be delivered hack to the person Penalty on presenting the same; and if upon complaint to be made to the respective of appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, to manage the said several duties of the land tax, customs, or excise, or to the of of the navy if the person complained of be a clerk of the check, it shall appear that such receiver-general, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the check, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the payment of such bill, or that such receiver-general, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the check, or any person employed by or under any of them, hath directly or indirectly received or taken any fee, reward, gratuity, discount, or deduction whatsoever, on account of the payment of the said bill, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the said of to convict and fine any inch offender under their respective direction in any sum not exceeding fifty pounds, according to the nature and decree of the offence; and such fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as any conviction may be made, and any penalty or fine maybe levied or recovered for any offence against any law by which any custom or excise is imposed or laid; and the said fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the informer or informers against such offender or offenders.

p.iymen^of

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by rot to^bjpuit authority aforesaid, That in case the duplicate or duplicates

receiver-general delaying payment, or taking fees, C

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 33. 507

of any ticket or tickets, or in case the muster books or pay boo ks, poned, though for any ship or vessel, hall not be regularly transmitted to and boohs'mavnot received by the of of the navy in the manner hereto regularly fore prescribed, yet the payment of the tickets or parts of tickets, transmitted to or lists herein before directed to be made out'or granted to any the navy office, petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, hall not be delayed or postponed for such omission; but if Errors in any error to the detriment of the public treasure shall be made jets ooj byin any such ticket or list by the captain or commanding officer tj, e persons^making out the same, the Iofs arising by such error shall granting them. be made good and compensated out of any wages or pay due or to grow due to such captain or commanding officer by whom such ticket or list was so made out or granted as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every such ticket Tickets, bills and tickets, bill and bills, duplicate and duplicates, respectively, be vouchers herein before directed to be made out and paid as aforesaid, shall to the trea_ be deemed and taken as good and sufficient vouchers for thetrea surer of the surer of the navy for so much money as shall have been fodi navy. rected to be paid upon all or any such ticket, bill, or duplicate, respectively, and as shall have been paid by him thereon, and shall be allowed as such in passing his accounts.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven pay to be paid hundred and ninety-two, when and so often as any wages, pay, to the party or Gather allowance of money, shall become due and be payable r.to his for the service of any commissioned or warrant officer in his Ma* navy, the same shall be paid to such commissioned or warrant officer himself, if present at the pay table when such wages or allowance of money is appointed to be paid, upon his producing the usual certificates and papers, or in case of his absence, the same shall be paid to his lawful attorney, such attorney producing the usual certificates and papers, unless in the case where unlessanaf such commissioned or warrant officer shall have granted an assign ^ertof be mentor bill of sale of such wages, pay, or allowance of money, and produced at that such alignment or bill of sale shall, at the time of paying such the time of wages, pay, or allowance of money, be produced at the pay table, payment, Szc. and payment claimed thereon, in which case, payment shall be thetxlhal'cer^ made to the person claiming under such assignment or bill of sale tificates and (he or she producing the usual certificates and papers;,) and in vouchers, case of more alignments or bills of sale than one, they shall be satisfied and paid according to the priority of their dates; but the treasurer of the navy for the time being, or the person appointed to pay such wages, pay, or allowance of money, shall not be bound or obliged to pay, regard, or take notice of any assignment or bill of sale, unless such assignment or bill of sale shall be presented at the pay table, and be accompanied by the usual certificates and papers, at the time when such wages, pay, or al Treasurer not lowance of money, is appointed to be paid; and the said trea liable to pay surer of the navy shall not pay, or be liable to pay, under or by under any af Virtue of any assignment or bill of sale which ilid.ll fell, assign, or figment convey'any certain annual, half yearly, quarterly, or monthly allowance,

fixed turn.

lowance, or any particular wages, pay, pr allowance of money, for any service whatever, but only under such alignments or bills of sale as shall be made for a certain fixed sum specified in such alignment or bill of sale, and for the satisfaction of which lurh so specified, all wages, pay, or other allowances, payable to such officer by the treasurer of the navy, shall be subject and liable.

XXI. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurer of the navy for the time being shall not be bound or obliged to pay, regard, or to take notice of any cr^'&c'/uitless Power oir attorney, or check of any power of attorney, unless such produced when the wages are paying.

Treasurer not bound to regard any pow

ges of apprentices, except in the case herein spe cilfed.

power or such check be actually produced at the time when the wages, pay, or other allowance of money claimed by virtue thereof is appointed to be paid; and in case two or more powers of attorney, or two or more checks of powers of attorney shall be produced at the same time, payment shall be made upon or under the authority of that which is the latest in date, and accompanied Matters to re with the usual certificates and papers: provided further, That this ceive the wa a, or anything herein or in any former al contained, shall not extend or be construed to invalidate or make void any indenture or indentures, whereby any master is or shall be entitled to have or receive the wages, pay, or other allowances of money earned by his apprentice, but such Wages, pay, and other allowances, shall be paid by the treasurer of the navy for the time being, or by his direction, according to such indenture or indentures, as has been usual in such cases, unless such apprentice shall be above the age of eighteen years at the time when such indenture or indentures were made and executed for unless such indenture or indentures shall not be produced at the pay table when such wages, pay, and other allowances of money, shall be demanded by such apprentice, or persons appearing to be by him legally authorised to receive the same, in which case such wages, pay, or other allowances of money of such apprentice, shall be due and payable to himself, or to such person appearing to be legally authorised by him to receive the same; or unless such apprentice shall have been hired and rated as a servant to any com r missioned or warrant officer belonging to any of the ships or vessels of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and such apprenticeship not being then known by the indenture having been produced to such officer, and proof of such production exhibited to the treasurer of the navy, or persons duly authorised to pay for him, in which case the wages, pay, or other allowances of money of such servant, shall be due and payable to such commissioned or warrant officer according to the usual practice of the navy, down to the time that such officer shall be informed in the manner aforesaid of such apprenticeship; and in each and any of the cases herein before mentioned the maser cf such apprentice shall not be entitled tq receive any wages, pay, or other allowances of money, by virtue of any such indenture; anything herein contained, or any law Satute, pr usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXII. Andy to prevent for the futurea w far s may he, any

unjiff

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 33. 509

unjuf or fraudulent arrejls upon petty officers or seamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, or marines, actually belonging to any of the Ships of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first No petty offi day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety two no r, r^efgia^ person whatsoever, who shall serve as a petty officer or lea man, or forpa°criminal be embarked as a noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, matter, or for a on board any of the hips or vessels of his Majesty, his heirs or debt contract successors, shall be liable toe taken out of the service of his majesty, his heirs or successors, by any process or execution whatso any^ot ever, either in Great Britain, Ireland or any other part of his Ma aol. at lead, jesty's dominions, other than for some criminal matter, unless such process or execution be fora real debt, which hall have been contracted by such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, when he did not belong to any Ship or vessel in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or other j u ft cause of action, and unless before the taking out of such process or execution, not being for a criminal matter, or for a debt contracted in the service as aforesaid, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, or some other person or persons on his or their behalf, hall make affida Oath of the yit before one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or debt to be other court out of which such process or execution hall issue, or before.some personauthorised to take affidavits in such courts, thatj 'to his or their knowledge the sum justly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, from the defendant or defendants, in the action or cause of action on which such process hall issue, or the debt or darpage and cost for which such execution shall be issued out, amounts to the value of twenty pounds at the least, and that such debtj.so amounting to twenty pounds or upwards, was contracted by the said defendant when he did not belong as aforesaid to any hip in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, a memorandum of which oath shall be marked on the back of such process or writ, for which memorandum or oath no fee shall be taken; and if any person be nevertheless arrested, contrary to the persons arrest intent of this act, it shall and maybe lawful for one or more c^itrav°

judge or judges of such court, upon complaint made thereof by C

the party himself, or by any one of his superior officers, to exa and to be inmine into the same, by the oath of the parties, or otherwise, and titled to colts, by warrant under his or their hands and seals to discharge such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, pr marine, so arrested contrary to the intent of this act, without paying any fee or sees, upon due proof made before him or them that such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, so arrested, was actually belonging to one of the hips or vessels of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and arrested contrary to the intent of this act, and such judge or judges shall also award to the party so complaining the colts of such complaint, to be taxed by the proper officer of such court, for the recovery whereof he shall have the like remedy that the person who takes out the said execution might have had lor his costs, or the plaintiff in thp laid action might have had for the

e re

Persons coun terfdting. tickets. C guilty of felony.

So much of 31 Geo. % C 10. as is not hereby repealed, to remain in force

recovery of his costs, in case judgement had been given for him with colls, against the defendant in the said action.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person, from and after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly ak and aftift in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting, any ticket for the wages or pay due to any petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, for his services on board any ship or vessel of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any duplicate of any such ticket, or any certificate of discharge from any naval hospital of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any remittance bill, or duplicate of remittance bill with intention to receive any wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or prize money, due, or supposed to be due, for or on account of the service of any petty officer or seaman, non commis jio.ned officer of marines, or marine, on board any ship or vessel of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or shall utter or publish as true any ticket for the wages or pay due to any petty officer or teamen, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, for his service on board any ship or vessel of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any duplicate of any such ticket, or any certificate of discharge from any naval hospital of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any remittance bill, or duplicate of remittance bill, with intention to receive any wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or prize money, due, or supposed to be due, for or on account of the service of any petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, on board any ship or vessel of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, then every such person so offending, being lawfully convicted of any such offence or offences, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly declared, That so much of the aforesaid af, passed in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as is not repealed by this ai, shall remain in full force and effect.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for explaining and amending an al passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the further preventing frauds and abuses attending the payment of wages, prize money, and other allowances, due for the service of petty officers and seamen on board any of his. majesty's ships: and for further extend'ing the benefits thereof td petty officers and seamen, tien commissioned officers of marines, and marines, serving, or % vho may have fervedy on board any of his Majestfs Ships.

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34.' 511

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS passed in the twenty sixth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, [entitled, An act for the 26geo.3. c. 6> farther preventing frauds and abuses attending the payment ofreclteci* wages, prize money, and othfer allowances due for the service of petty officers and seamen on board any of his majesty's Chips:,) and whereas it is juf that the provisions of the said act should be extended to marines serving on board snips in his Majesty's service, and Would conduct much to the advantage of the representatives of seamen and marines if the same were further extended, and certain parts thereof explained and amended: be it therefore enacted by the king's mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual dnd temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no letter of attorney, or will, rftade or executed by From August any noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, or letter of i 1792>no attorney made or executed by the executor or executors, or adniietter or at nistrator or administrators, of any such noncommissioned of wp a ficer of marines, or marine, after the firfb day of August one thou non commis sand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be good and valid, and honed officer sufficient for receiving the whole or any part of the wages, prize^Marine money, or other allowances of money due, or which may hereto va]i(^ after become due, to such noncommissioned officers of marines, unless made or marine, for their services in the navy, or to such administra according to tors or executors, as the representatives of such non commission^ed officers of marines, or marine, unless such letter of attorney, y and will, shall be made, executed, and attested in the manner and form, and agreeable to the directions in the different events specified and mentioned in the aforementioned act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and all letters of attorney, and will, so made or executed by any noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, for the purpose of receiving and bequeathing all or any part of their wages, prize money, or other allowances due to them, or letters of attorney made by such executor and ad mini fixator, for the purpose of receiving money due to him or them, as representative of such noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall be transmitted, inspected, cheeked, and proved in the same manner, and under the same penalties and forfeitures, as by the act abovementioned is directed and enacted in regard and with respect to letters of attorney, and wills, made and executed by petty officers or seamen in his majesty's service, or by the executors and administrators of such petty officers and seamen, in so far as the aforementioned act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, is not repealed, altered, or amended, by this present act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no letter of attorney, or order, made or exe Letters of cuted by any petty officer, fearnan, noncommissioned officer of attorney marines, or marine, who shall have been discharged from the fer fromdischarg -- vice of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and who shall be at or ed petty of

512 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34.

[179i4

ecuted within within the distance of seven miles from any of the ports where ^ott^vheref ^eamell*s wages are paid for such service at the time of making seamen's sich ^etter of attorney, Kali be good and vafid and sufficient for wages are receiving the whole or any part of the wages, prize money or other then paid, not allowances of money due, or to grow due, to such petty officer, attest'ed^aqaman> noncommissioned officer of marines or marine, for such clerk of the service, unless such letter of attorney, or such order, shall be sign treasurer of ed before and attested by a clerk of the treasurer of the navy at the navy, C such "port, or by the inspector of seamen's wills, and powers of attorney; anything in the aforesaid atto the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Captains to

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from chared"0 tt anc ater the hrft day f Augujlom thousand seven hundred and officers, C ninety-two, when and so often as any petty officer, Teaman, non a certificate commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall be in anyways in the follow discharged from any ship or vessel in the service of his Majesty, ing form. his heirs or successors, the captain or commanding officer of such hip or vessel shall make, or cause to be made out, a certificate in the manner and form following, or to the like efie61:

No

Form of cer THESE are to certify, That A.B. has served as

list cate. on hoard of his Majestfs ship'

under ?ny command, from the day of

to the ' day of dated the

of

A.B. is feet inches high, is

of a complexion) and aged years.

And which he shall sign with his name, and deliver, or cause to be delivered, to such petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, at the time of his being discharged; ficer^&cf to anc no Petty °cer> seaman, noncommissioned officer of ma be entitled to rines, or marine, shall be entitled to receive his wages, pay, or receive his other allowances for services on board any hip or vessel in the wages, unless service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, unless at the time identtfiectb36 pay*in& wases> pa}b or allowances, he shall be identified an officer of by one or more of the commissioned or warrant officers who be the ship, or longed to the hip or vessel at the time, or during some part of the unless he pro time, for which he may so claim the payment for such services, certificate or unes produces a certificate as above described, and di chfdif 69 rested to be delivered to him as aforesaid; no petty officer, sea charged from man, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, who shall ene ship into be discharged from any hip or vessel in the service of his ma ie t any other P or vessel in such service, shall be en enemy/oi*16 titled to receive his wages, pay, or allowances of any kind, for shipwrecked, his service on board of the ship to which he shall have last belong unless he com ed, unless he shall enter and be mufeered three times in the ship plies with the or vejyej[ into which he shall be so discharged, or appear upon the herdsmen hooks of such ship or vessel into which he next goes to be regu tiojied, V jarly discharged therefrom j or if such petty officer or seaman,

non

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii IIC C 34. 513

non cornrniffioned officer of marines, or marine, be taken by the enemy, unless he voluntarily return and enter on board some hip or vessel in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors in a reasonable time after he shall be released from prison; if the ship. or vessel in which such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, last served be lost or destroyed, and the crew, or any part of the crew, be saved, unless he enters again in a reasonable time on board some ship of vessel in such service; or if such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, be discharged from the ship or vessel to which he belonged, to any of his majesty's hospitals, unless he enters the ship or vessel to which he shall be discharged from such hospital, or be discharged out of the service.; or unless, in any of the above specified events, reasonable cause shall be fkewn, and allowed by the commissioner of the navy comptroliing such payment, and the clerk of the treasurer of the navy making the same, for not producing such certificate, or for noncompliance with anything herein directed.

IV. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no No petty of petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or has^run marine, who shall be marked on the books of any hip or vessel from a

in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, as having run shall receive therefrom, shall receive his wages, pay, prize money, or other wages unless allowances of money for such ship or vessel, unless such mark shall be taken off by order of the of so rexecuting the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or by order of the commissioners of his majesty's navy.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That When ships when and so often as any ship or vessel, having been twelve or havin£ been more calendar months in sea pay, shall be or arrive in any port mwe months of Great Britain where any commissioner of the navy shall be or in pay, shall reside, and money shall have been issued for payment of the wages arrive where due upon the books of such ship or vessel, sufficient time shall be Tff commis allowed for sending to the navy office, preparing, and examining

the books of the said ship or vessel; and the wages due to the and money officers or seamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, or ma shall be issued rines, of or belonging to such ship or vessel, for the time dur ^01' Payiag ing*" which the said books shall have been examining and pre forth paring (which shall be done without delay) shall be reserved time the and kept in arrear, over and above the six months ordered to books are be left unpaid by an act made in the thirty first year of the prepann£ reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, e^over^h* An act for the encouragement of seamen employed in the royal nervy, months to and for establishing a regular ?net})od for the punctual, frequent, and be left unpaid certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more eafdy pursuant to and readily to remit the same for the support of their wives cmd fa^C L milies, and for preventing frauds and abuses attending such payments, any tiling therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No letter of That, from and after the said first day of August one thousand attorney to

fevfen be paited^f

the inspector,

until a certificate is produced in the following

seven hundred and ninety-two, no letter of attorney granted by by any petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, hall be passed, stamped, and allowed of by the inspector of seamen's wills and powers of attorney, until a certificate is produced to him from the captain or captains, or commanding officer or commanding officers of the.ship or hips, vessel or vessels, to which the grantor of such letter of attorney at the time belonged, and for which the wages, pay, or allowances to be received by such letter of attorney became due, and which shall be in the manner and form following, or to the like effet:

form;

unless executed on board agreeable to recited act, or reasonable cause be shown for dispensing therewith.

An order for any sum not exceeding 7l. may be given upon the treasurer of the navy to be attested, cas herein mentioned.

No

THESE are to certify, That A.B. has served as on hoard of his Majestfs ship under my command, from the to the

dated the of

A.B. is feet inches high, is

of a oojnplexioiiy and aged years

C

unless such power of attorney hall have been made on board the hip or vessel for which he claimed payment for his services as aforesaid, and is executed in the manner or form directed by the before mentioned a ft of the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or unless reasonable cause shall be hewn to and allowed by such inspector of seamen's wills and powers of attorney, or person authorised to afor him, for dispensing with all or any of such certificate or certificates.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any sum, not exceeding the sum of seven pounds, hall be due and payable, by the rules of the navy, to any petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, in respect of his services in the navy, it shall and may be lawful for such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, to give an order in writing for the payment of the same, upon the treasurer of the navy, which order shall be revocable as in the case of powers of attorney, and shall be payable to the person in such order named, or to his order; and the same shall be attested by the captain or commander or any other of the signing officers, or a lieutenant of the hip, on board of which such services were performed, accompanied with a certificate from one of the signing officers or lieutenants of such ship, certifying the particulars of the services of the drawer of such order, and the said order and certificate shall be laid before the said inspector, who hall examine the same, and if he sees no cause to suspect the truth and authenticity thereof, he shall stamp and pass the same for payment; but if he shall see good cause to suspect the truth and authenticity of such order, he fhair report the lame to the treasurer, or to the paymaster of the navy, and shall enter his caveat against the same, which hall prevent any

' by (joo^ic

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34. 515

ny money from being had and received thereon, until the same shall be authenticated to the satisfaction of the said treasurer or paymaster.

VIII. And for the better explaining and distinguishing those officers in his Majestf s service who are herein described, and in former aids have been described, inferior or petty officers, and noncommissioned officers of marines; and likewise for the better explaining and cliff in guishing of that part of the compliment on board his Majestfs ships who are herein described, and in former aids have been described, to be sea

tnen and marines, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Who are to all and every part of the said compliment of such ship and ships ^t^ee^ersshall be, and are hereby declared to be, petty or inferior officers, C ^withirf* seamen; non commissioned officers of marines, or marines, ex the meaning cepting such as are rated upon the books of such ships, admirals of this and or flag officers, and their secretaries, captains, and lieutenants, former acts matters, second matters, and pilots, physicians, surgeons, chaplains, boatswains, gunners, carpenters, and purfers, captains of marines, captain lieutenants of marines, lieutenants, and quarter matters of marines.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Months to be all months mentioned in this and preceding; acts of parliament', reckoned by

i CO L*f hp I T

relating to the navy, shall be counted and reckoned calendar except in the months, excepting only in the computation of pay, wages, and computation other allowances, which shall be computed and cast by reckoning of pay, C 'twenty-eight days to the month, according to the usual practice of the navy.

X Anf for the purpose of more effectually preventing frauds and forgeries in the execution and attesting of letters of attorney, wills, orders, or certificates, made by or in favour of petty officers, feainen, ndn commissioned officers of marines, or ?narines, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every lieutenant on board any of his Lieutenants majesty's ships shall, upon a page of every mutter book of such

ship, sign his name, for the purpose, and for the purpose only, ter book for that the inspedfior of seamen's wills, or such persons as shall be the purpose of deputed by him, may have the opportunity of comparing the being corn same with the name of any such lieutenant, attesting the will, ^eftaidon ofc letter of attorney, certificate, or order, executed by or in favour wills of any petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Captains in the

captains and commanders of ships shall, upon their monthly tmif foecif^which ter books or returns, specify which of the men mentioned in the of the men said returns have granted or issued any will or testament during have granted that month or space of time from the preceding returns, by in w^s ferting the date thereof opposite to the party's name nk)u lm

XII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as Captains fail any captain or commander of any ship or vessel shall sail from any frorn 10 foreign station at a time when no opportunity shall offer of transmitting

to the navy board the mutter books, tickets and lifts, by portunity of this or other adfis of parliament directed to be made out and transmitting transmitted, then and in every such case such captain or com rrff1^ers>

Vol. XXXVII Mm mander osiers'to

5*6 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34. [1792.

leave them mander shall leave such muster books, tickets, and lifts with the

officerie&^va nava officer, if any such officer shall be and reside at such place, or if there shall be no naval officer at such place, then and in that case with some respectable merchant, or other person, with proper directions to forward the same to the principal officers and covn missioner of his majesty's navy, by the first safe opportunity thereafter.

Captains,

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

tn r^rtjov" if any captain or commander shall be in anyways removed from ed, to deliver n. r m.., ., n. -.. L r

compleatmuf any ship or vessel in his Majesty's service, he shall deliver, or cause

ter books to to be delivered over to his successor, one com pleat muster book,

their successigned by himself and the proper officers, made up to the time of

to^ivere^eipts remova^ and for which he shall receive a receipt from the

for the same, sold successor; and the principal officers and of of

without which his majesty's navy, are hereby strictly directed and required not

no generalcer to grant to any such captain or commander the general certificate

m?tedtc&c to ent, te to wases or Pa for such ship or vessel, unless 3 such receipt shall be produced to them, or unless thereto required

by particular order from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or from the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or any three or more of such of, in cases of necessity, and on its being made appear to their satisfaction, that the directions herein before given in this behalf have been complied with, as far as the nature of the service would admit.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho parish minis rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the minister of L terchecks* any Par to whom the inspector of seamen's'tvills shall transmit transmitted by his c^eck of any letter of attorney, or will, pasted and allowed by the inspector him, to deliver the said check to the attorney or executor in the of Teamen's said letter of attorney, or will, named and appointed, anything nes &c*tt01> conta*nec* ]n foe pa^ed in the twenty sixth year of the

neys, rc. reign of his present Majesty to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Letters of attorney and wills to be examined by the inspector, who shall issue cheeks, or in case of suspicion shall re port to the treasurer of the navy, C

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all letters of attorney, and wills, made prior to the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, by petty officers and Teamen belonging to any of his majesty's ships, or by the executors or administrators of such petty officers and Teamen, and every letter of attorney, and will, made by any non con! mi Phoned officer of marines, or marine, or by the executors or administrators of such noncommissioned officers of marines, or marine, prior to the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, for the purpose of receiving money of any kind in respect of his servie's in the navy, shall be inspected and examined by the inspector of teamen's wills, for the purpose of preventing frauds, forgeries, or impositions of any kind therein; and if such inspector shall lee no cause to suspect the authenticity of the same, he shall affix the stamp of his office, and issue checks for the same, but if he shall see good cause to suspect the truth and authenticity of such letter of attorney, or will, he shall report a the

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. L '

the same to the treasurer or to the paymaster of the navy, and shall enter his caveat against such letter of attorney, or will which shall prevent any money from being had and received thereon, until the same shall be authenticated to the satisfaclton of the said treasurer or paymaster.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Wagts of per where any petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of 5*

marines, or marine, belonging, or who shall have belonged to pa]cj any

navy, the same shall not be paid, from and after the said first day fn mentioned

of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, unto any

representative of such intestate, but upon letters of administration,

to be obtained in the following manner; (videlicet) The person

claiming such administration shall send or give in a note or letter to the inspector of seamen's wills, stating the name of the deceased, the name of the ship or ships to which he belonged, and that he has heard or been informed of his death, and requesting

the inspector to give such directions as may enable him to procure

letters of administration to the deceased, or to the like effect, upon

receipt whereof the inspector of seamen's wills shall deliver or send

to, the person claiming such administration, a paper in the words

and form following, or to the like effedi:

any ot ms Majesty s imps, nas died or nerearter man die intestate, upon admin

leaving any wages, pay, of any kind due to him.

prize money, or allowances of money stration, ob in respect of services in his majesty's tamcdin die

LIST.

tfldegree — widow. Child. Father. Mother.

3a

rth -

I'iuijicj} ur oiiici Grand tanner or

ulil 11 Grand mother. Uncle, Aunt; Nephew, or Niece. coufm german. cousin getman. once removed. Second Coufm.

Bth

10th —

SIR,

T 7 £ or m o f paper

AVING ob Vat ]i0 delivered

A.B. born about the year 17 oat

fentatives of

and belonging to his Mai eft ft s ship persons dying

about the year mteaate;

died at in the month

of 17 without leaving

any will to the best of my knowledge and belief, I now apply for a certificate to enable me to obtain letters of a d minis ration to his effefls, being his

and one of his nearest of kin, no one, to the best of ?ny knowledge and belief of a nearer degree being living at the time of the death of the said deceased, who died a My place of abode is

C D.

ttt

E hereby certify, "That we per [anally know the above subscribing C D. and believe what j \ has dated to be true.

' w E.F.

G. H,

Both inhabitants of the par if of in

the county of

Mm 7, N?

18 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34. [1792.

No

Ehereby certify, That the above E. F. G. H. are known to

us, are housekeepers, and persons of good repute.

witness our hands,

Dated at 1 I. K. Minister.

this day f L M. J Churchwardens 1

of 3 N. o.t or Elders. I

"N.B. If the person applying is the widow of the party deceased, he inuft forward, herewith, an extract from the parish register, or some other authentic proof of her marriage.

If the deceased died, after he had left the naval service, an extract from the parish register of his burial, or some other authentic proof of his death, inuft likewise be sent to this office.

If the person applying knows any proctor in Dottors Commons, £ e J

is desired to mention his name, that he may be employed in obtaining the letters of administration.

This application, when filled up and attested, is to be sent by the general post, under cover, diretfted to the treasurer or to the paymaster of his majesty's navy, London.

which must be And upon the receipt of the said paper the person claiming such cenffied and ministration^or cave to be filled up, the several

ifthe inspector blanks in the first part of the said paper, according as the truth be satisfied, he may be, and shall duly subscribe the same; and two inhabitants shall make out of the parish within which the person claiming such adminifiira th^folbwin^11 tlon rebde shall sign the first certificate on the said paper, form. having previously filled up the blanks therein agreeable to the truth, after which the minister and two churchwardens, if in England, and two elders, if in Scotland, shall sign the second certificate upon the aforesaid paper, the blanks therein being first filled up agreeable to the truth, and the said paper being in all things completed according to the directions thereon and hereby given, the same shall be returned, addressed to the treasurer, or to the paymaster of his majesty's navy, London, who upon receiving the same shall direcft the inspector of seamen's wills to examine the same, and make such inquiry relative thereto as may appear to him necessary on that behalf, and being satisfied, he shall forthwith make out a certificate in the following form, or to the like effect:

M

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34.

Act of parliament., 32 George III. ch. 34.

N

CERTIFICATE to obtain LETTERS of

ADMINISTRATION.

5l9

H.

Navy pay office,

A VIN G duly examined an application made to this office Form of cer by C D. of and county tificate.

of sating that e is the

solos me" 6} nex f kin of A.B. originally of

and late a j j belonging to his Majesty's ship'and who died inteslate, a { B "rr

upon the day of and without

leaving any one of a superior degree of kindred to him; and it appearing that no will of the' deceased has been lodged in this office, 1 therefore grant this abfraft of said application, and certify that I believe what is therein fated to be true, and also that the said CD may obtain letters of adminiff ration to the effects of the said deceased which appear not to exceed the sum of pounds j provided

always that o^e j is otherwise entitled thereto by law.

I. P Inspectar.

To

Proffor in Dottors Commons

N.B. The previous commission or requisition is to be addressed agreeably to the superscription of the within cover, in which the same is to be enclosed, and forwarded by the prodtor; and when the commission or requisition shall be returned to this office it will be forwarded to him, and he is then to sue out letters of ad mini fixation, and send them to the inspector, with his charge noted thereon.

And after filling up the blanks therein as the case may be, shall Certificate to sign and address the same to a prodfor or prodlors in Doctors Comb addressed. mons, the said inspector of seamen's wills shall at the same time with alette? enclose and send with such certificate a letter addressed to the from the in minister and churchwardens, or elders, as the case may be, of fpcftor in the the parish within which the person applying for such letters of^owins administration then resides; and the treasurer or the paymaster Gftorm' his majesty's navy, or the said inspector, or either of them, shall frank the said letter, so as to carry the same, and the previous commission or requisition to be enclosed therein, free of the charge for postage, and which letter so to be addressed to the minister, and to the churchwardens or elders, as the case may be, shall be in the words, figures, and form following, or to the like effect:

Mm

N

Form of the letter.

inno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34.

[1792. No

Navy pay office, day of

Revd. S I Ry

H

A V I N G received, an application attested by you and

two {chorceidt?sen!'} f your parfa from C D. also

sating that is the

«" g ione'oftl] next of km of A.B. late a

his Mayeffs navy, and requeuing leave to administer tp his effects > I am directed by cdt of parliament of the thirty second of George the Third, ch. 34, to forward you the enclosed £ } ie

purpose of[wearing j accordingly y provided, to the bef of your knowledge and belief answers the description contained in the same.

I am,

Rev. S I R,

Tour most obedient Servanty

I. P. Inspector.

P. S, When the £ j is executed, you will pleqfe to return

ity addressed

To the treasurery or

To the paymafer of h is Majestf s navy, London.

And specify and describe the receiver-general of the land taxy collector of the cujhmsy collector of the excise or clerk of the chef ivhcfe abode is ncarefi to the person applying, who unil be directied to pay j

the wages due to the deceased.

To A. B

Minister of the parifo of

N.B. If the application abovementioned was not attested by you, as flated therein, be pk a fed to return the enclosed^} imme(h' ately, that means may be taken to discover the imposition.

fro&or, on And the inspector, before he sends such certificate as before direceiving cer redted to the prodior in Jj odours Commons, shall fill up the blanks r^eren agreeably to the circumstances of the case; and the proc outa previous for or proctors to whom such certificate shall be addressed and commission, lent, and which shall likewise enclose the letter to the minificer, and to trans church wardens, or elders, as aforesaid, shall, immediately upon with thekttfr recept same sue out the previous commission or requifi

to thexainifter! tien, or ta^e such other proper and legal steps as may be necessary towards enabling the person so applying for ietters of administration to the deceased intestate, to obtain the same, and shall enclose such previous commission or requisition, or other legal and necessary instrument, with instructions for executing the same, in fine letter so to be addrdfed to the nunifter and

church

521

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Gtil. C 34

churchwardens, or elders, and which had been transmitted to him by the inspector of seamen's wills, along with the aforesaid certificate, and final! forward such letter and inclostires as afore,

by the general poll, agreeably to the acid refs put therein by the treasurer of the navy, the paymaster of the navy, or the in speflror of seamen's wills.

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Ministers, on minister, and the churchwardens, or elders, as the case may be,

shall, immediately upon the receipt of such letter as aforesaid, to procure the

with the previous commission, or requisition, or other instruments execution of

enclosed therein, take such steps as to them may seem proper or northeast them, and

ceflary for procuring the execution of such previous commissioikor ^0

requisition, or other instrument transmitted by the proctor, to be tice.

executed, and, being so executed, he or they flail transmit the

lame to the treasurer, or to the paymaster of his majesty's navy, Persons living

London; and if the person applying for such letters of administra at a ^iftance

tien shall be and reside at a distance from the place where the ^r?m places

r, where wages

wages, prize money, or other allowances of money, due to the are to

deceased, are payable, he or they shall specrfy and describe the describe the

receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the customs, col ne?rest re

ledlor of the excise, or clerk of the check, who may be rhoft ce' r^et.ra^ n r 1 r - '. 1 nor the land tax,

convenient or nearest to such person applying for such administra C;

and the said treasurer or paymaster of his majesty's navy Treasurer of

shall immediately upon the receipt thereof, send the said previous the navy to

commission or requisition, or other legal instrument, executed by send the Pre"

the person applying for the administration as aforesaid, to the fi!?nu^he^ex

aforesaid prodtor in Doctors Commons, who in pursuance thereof rented to the

shall forthwith, sue out and procure letters of ad ini nift ration in proctor, m or

favour of the person so applying for the same, in the manner and der that letters

form abovementioned, to the estate and effects of the person who^administra

has so died intestate as aforesaid. obtained. C

XVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Executors to

where any petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of obtain promarines, or marine, belonging, or who shall have belonged to any bates of wills of his majesty's ships, has died, or hereafter shall die, and shall dhed

have left a will or testament, appointing any executor or executors^therein, any pay, wages, prize money, or allowance of money,

which may have been due or owing to such testator at the time of his death, shall not be paid over to, or recovered by such executor or executors, but upon probates of such wills, to be obtained in the following manner, (videlicet), alter such wills shall have been transmitted, iiifpedled, and lodged in the office of the treasurer of the navy, as directed by the aforementioned act g( the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the is spector of seamen's wills and powers of attorney shall issue, or cause to be issued, a check in lieu thereof, with directions to return the same upon the testator's death, and to which check there shall be subjoined a blank certificate, to be signed by two reputable housekeepers of the parish where such executor is resident at the time such certificate shall be lo returned to the pav office ipf the treasurer of the navy, certifying that they personally know

and believe that he is the person described as executor in the said check; and also another blank certificate, to be signed by the minister of the said parish, and two of the churchwardens, or two elders'of the same, as the case may be, certifying that such two persons who certified as abovementioned are resident within the parish, and of good repute; and such check and certificates shall'in the form and words following, or to the like effect;

No

C H E C K.

Navy pay office.

Form of check to be given on lodging wills at the navy pay office.

J.

T being directed by acts of parliament, twenty fxth George III\ chap. 63, and thirty second George III. chap. 34, That wills granted by petty officers and seamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, and marines, belonging to his Majestf s navy, shall be lodged in this office, for purposes therein specified; and that a check shall be issued for every such will, mentioning the particular heads thereof which, by virtue of the said act, shall jland in place of the same;

This is therefore issued to fhezu receipt at this office of a will, dated at upon the

day of^granted by A.B. now of

formerly of his Majestfs ship. in favour of

C D. and appointing £. F. exeent| and which is attefed by G. H. and 1. K. The above E. F. upon the testator's death is intituled, upon production of this check, to demand of this office the wages, pay, or any aether allowances due to the deceased; and that the abovementioned will be directed andfent to a proctor in door Commons, to obtain a probate thereof which is also to be lodged in this office.

-tr*

E hereby certify, That we personally know the above described E.F. the present holder of this check; and that he is an inhabitant, of this parish

L M.

N. Q.

Both inhabitants of the parish of in

the county of

'WE

hereby certify, That the above L M. and N. O. are known to us, are hoiifekeepers, and persons of good repute.

Witness our hands,

At "1 P, Q. Minister

this day I R. S. { Churchwardens.

of f T. U. t or Elders. i

If the testator dies after he leaves the naval service, a certificate of his burial, or some other authentic proof of his death, must likewise be sent; to this office.

If the execut£r°, rx knows any prodtor in Doctors Common, j is de

iired to mention his name, that he may be employed in obtaining the probate

'*The

The above certificates are to be filled up upon the testator's death, and the check to be sent by the general post, under cover, directed to the treasurer, or to the paymaster of his majesty's navy, London.

And the said check having been with the certificates duly filled up, returned to the treasurer of the navy, or to the paymaster of the navy, in the event of the testator's death, and the said original will having been passed and stamped in the manner specified and directed by the aforesaid act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the inspector of teamen's wills, or the persons authorised to act for him, shall note thereon the amount of the wages due to the said deceased, and shall forward the said will to such proctor or proctors in Doctors Commons as aforesaid, together with a letter addressed to the minister and churchwardens, or elders, as the case may be, of the pariftt within which the said executor or executors, applying for such probate of will, hall then reside; and the treasurer or the paymaster of his majesty's navy, or the said inspector, or either of them, hall frank the said letter, so as to carry the same, and the previous commission or requisition to be enclosed therein, free of charge for postage; and which letter, so to be addressed to the minister and churchwardens, or elders, as the case may be, hall be in the words, figures, and form following, or to the like effect:

On return of checks, C to the pay office, the inspector to note the wages due, and forward the will to the proctor, with a letter in the following form.

N Navy pay office, 179

Rev. SIR,

rr

AA FING received a cheeky formerly issued by this office, to which Form of the there are certificates annexed, attefied by you and two^chohudssens}

of your parish, certifying that C.D. also of your parish is the person described in the said check to be the execu^\^\j\ to A.B. late a { Marine belonging to his Majests navy, and requeuing that a probate of the will of the said A.B. may be granted

I am directed by act of parliament of the thirty second of George the Third, chap. lo forward you the enclosed\c£ijsfiuon} an

of the will, for the purpose of [wearing the person so named execut^jfx accordingly.

I am.

Rev. SI R,

Tour most obedient Servant,

I. P. Inspector.

P. S. When the squtison } IS executef you will please to return if together with the copy of the will, addressed 'To the treasurer or

To the paymaster of his Mafefyys navy,

London,

524 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34. [1792.

And specify and describe the receiver-general of the for of the customs, collector of the or clerk of the abode is nearest to the execut\?q to the wages due to the deceased' '

A, B.

Mmijier of the pariflo of

pro£tor, cn receiving the will and letter, to sue out a previous commission, and to transmit the same with the letter to the minister.

Ministers, on receiving such commissions, to procure the execution of them, and transmit them to the pay office.

Persons living at a distance from places where wages are paid, to describe the nearest receiver-general of the land taxj and

treasurer of the navy to send the previous commission, when executed, to the prodtor to obtain probates.

Creditor desirous of admin iftering to petty officers, lean ten, C must apply to the inspector of seamen's wills, and

And the said prodfor having received the said will, and the said letter so written by the inspector, shall immediately sue out the previous commission or requisition, or take such other proper and legal steps as may be necessary towards enabling the said executor or executors, so applying for probate of the said will, to obtain the same, and shall enclose such previous commission or requisition, or other legal and necessary instrument, with instructions for executing the same, as also a copy of the said will, in the' letter To to be addressed to the minister, churchwardens, or elders, and shall forward such letter and enclosures as aforesaid by the general poll:, agreeable to the address put thereon by the treasurer of the navy, by the paymaster of the navy, or by the in spedfor of seamen's wills.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the minister, and the churchwardens, or elders, as the case may be, shall immediately upon receipt of such letter, as aforesaid, with the previous commission or requisition, or other instruments enclosed therein, take such steps as to them may seem proper or necessary for procuring the execution of such previous commission or requisition, or other instrument directed by the proctor to be executed, and the same being so executed, he or they shall transmit the same to the treasurer, or to the paymaster of his majesty's navy, London; and if the person applying for such probate of will shall be and reside at a distance from the place where the wages, prize money, or other allowances of money due to the deceased, are payable, he or they shall specify and describe the receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the check, who may be most convenient, or nearest to the person applying for such probate; and the said treasurer or paymaster of his Majesty's navy shall immediately upon receipt thereof send the said previous commission or requisition, or other legal instruments, executed by the person applying for the probate as aforesaid, to the aforesaid proctor in Doctors Commons, who in pursuance thereof shall forthwith sue out and procure such probate.

XX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any person or persons alleging him, her, or themselves to be creditor or creditors of any petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, dying intestate, or leaving a will, of which the executor or executors shall renounce the execution, or shall refuse to act thereupon, shall in that character be defrous of procuring letters of administration, or letters of administration with will annexed, in order to receive

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34. 525

ceive any wages, pay, prize money, or other allowances of ft ate the money, of any kind, due to such petty officers, or Teamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, or marines, in respect of fer 9

vices in his majesty's navy, the same shall not be paid unto any such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, but upon letters of administration, letters of administration with will annexed, to be obtained in the following manner; (videlicet) such creditor or creditors shall apply by letter or note to the inspector of teamen's wills, stating the nature and amount of his demand, and if the per Tonne upon whose account the wages, pay, prize money, or other allowances are due, shall have died after he left the naval service, such creditor shall also exhibit a satisfactory proof of such death, and if he knows any proefor in Doflors Commons, whom he may wish to employ, he shall mention his name to the said inspector, who shall further require a certificate, signed by two reputable housekeepers of the parish where such creditor is resident, certifying that they personally know him, and believe that he is the person whom he describes himself to be, and also another certificate from the minister of the said parish, and two of the churchwardens, or two of the elders of the same, as the case may be, certifying that such two persons who Iigned and certified as abovementioned, are resident within the parish, and of good repute; and upon receiving such cer Inspector to tificates, together with a stated account in writing of such credi sign the actor's demand, he shall sign his name to such account exhibited by such creditor, and shall also put a lamp thereon, in token of certificate of his approbation thereof; and every such account, and the the demand, vouchers exhibited by such creditor, shall be kept by the said and forward it inspector as vouchers of the accounts of the treasurer of the navy, and such inspector shall immediately make, or cause to follow be made out a certificate, stating the nature and amount of ing form, such creditor's demand upon the estate of such petty officer, Teaman, non commissioned officer of marines, or marine, as aforesaid, deceased, and shall sign and stamp, and forward ttie same to the proctor or prodtors in Doolors Commons as shall have been named by such creditor, and he shall also enclose and send therewith a letter addreil'ed to the minister and churchwardens, or elders, as the case may be, of the parish within which the person applying as creditor for such letters of administration then resides, and the treasurer or paymaft§r of his majesty's navy, or the said inspector, or either of them, shall frank the said letter so as to carry the same, and the previous commission or requisition, or other necessary instruments to be enclosed therein, free of the charge for postage, and which letter so to be addressed to the minister, and to the churchwardens, or elders, as the case may be, shall be in the following words, figures, and form, or to the like efredh

N

526 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34. [1792.

N Navy pay office, jjg

Rev. SIR,

Form of letter. BRING received certificates, attefed by you and tw& {chursdens} f your Partfry from C D. sating that he Is resident. and desiring to adminijier to the effects of A.B. late of his Majesty's navy, as his creditor;

I am directecf by act of parliament of the thirty feeond of George - the Third, ch. 34, to forward you the enclosed j^eq^sl} for the purpose of swearing him accordingly.

I am.

Rev, S IR,

Tour mofr obedient servant,

I. P. Inspector.

P, S. When the reqstlon}* executed, w/77 /<? return

it, addressed

To the treasurer, or

Ti paymafer of his Majests navy, London.

And specify and describe the receiver-general of the land tax, col ledtor of the cufoms, collector of the excise, or clerk of the check, k whose abode is nearest to the above creditor, who will be directed to pay that part of the wages due to the deceased which £ appears by law entitled to receive

To A.B.

Minister of the par if of

proctor to And the protftor or pro£tors to whom the aforesaid certificate

take the northeast shall be addressed and sent, and which shall likewise enclose cessary steps the letter to the minister, churchwardens, or elders, as aforesaid, Sector to immediately upon receipt of the same sue out the previous

obtain letters commission or requisition, or take such other proper and legal of adminif steps as may be necessary towards enabling the person so apply tration, See. ing as creditor for letters of administration to such deceased to obtain the same, and shall enclose such previous commission or requisition, or other legal and necessary instruments, with in? structions for executing the same, together with a copy of the will in cases of administration with the will annexed, in the letter so to be addressed to the minister, churchwardens, or elders, and shall forward such letter and enclosures as aforesaid by the general post, agreeable to the address put thereon by the treasurer of the navy, paymaster of the navy, or the inspector of

1792.] Anno oregfti tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34, 527

teamen's wills, and if it shall be necessary to cite the next of kin, notice of such citation shall be previously given to the said inspector, who shall point out one or more publick papers, in which such citation shall be inserted.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the minister and churchwardens, or elders, as the case may Ministers and be, shall, immediately upon the receipt of such letter as afore churchwar said, with the previous commission or requisition, or other in fte° struments, enclosed therein, take such steps as to them may seem ceflarypforc* proper or necessary for procuring the execution of such pre executing in vious commission or requisition, or other instrument, directed by struments as the prodfor to be executed, and, being so executed, he or they ^he^o&or shall transmit the same to the treasurer, or to the paymaster of and to°trans his majesty's navy, London; and if the person applying for such mit them to administration shall be and reside at a distance from the place the treasurer where the wages, prize money, or other allowance of money of the navy, due to the deceased, are payable, he or they shall specify and dec scribe the receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the check, who may be most convenient or nearest to such person claiming such administration; and the said treasurer or paymaster of his Ma Treasurer to jesty's navy shall, immediately upon receipt thereof, send the said previous commission or requisition, or other legal instructhtprodor^ ments, executed by the person applying for the administration that letters as aforesaid, to the aforesaid prodfor or prodbors in Doffors Com of adminif mons, who in pursuance thereof shall forthwith sue out and j: ratl£n may procure letters of administration in favour of the person so De 0 aine*applying as creditor for the same, in the form and manner abovementioned, to the estate and effedfs of the person who has died as aforesaid, but which letters of administration may and shall only entitle such administrator, as creditor, to receive such part of the estate of such petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, as shall satisfy the amount of the claim or demand made by him as aforesaid, together with expenses incurred in establishing his right as afore Balance, after said to receive the same, and the balance of such intestate's estate paying the (if any) after satisfying the demand of such creditor, and expences incurred, shall remain in the hands of the treasurer of ^mifteringito the navy, subject to the claim and demand of any other creditor, remain with next of kin, or executor, to take and receive the same, when the treasurer. authorised so to do. c

XXII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any let As soon as ters of administration, or probates of wills, or letters of ad letters of ministration with will annexed, have been obtained, and pass administration'

'< hnyp kppn

ed the seal of the proper court, in the manner herein before obtained and directed in the different events herein before specified, the proc passed, the for or prodlors who have sued out the same shall immediately proctor to send send such letters of administration, or probates of wills, or letters of administration with will annexed, addressed to the paymaster of treasurer or to the paymaster of his majesty's navy, together with the navy, who an account of his or their charges and expenses in obtaining are to direct

the inspector

528 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34. [1792.

to issue a the same, which said charges and expenses shall not exceed

check, C the sum or sums herein after allowed to be charged in the different events herein after specified; and the said treafufer or paymaster of his majesty's navy upon receiving such et > of administration, or probates of wills, or letters of administration with will annexed, shall direct the inspector of sea men's wills, or the jterson authorised to at for him, to issue, or cause to be issued, a check, containing the heads of such letters of administration, or probate of will, or letters of administration with will annexed, as the case may be; and the said inspector, or the person authorised to act for him, shall note thereon the amount of the said prodtor or prodhors charges and expenses, provided the same shall be at and after the rates herein after allowed to be charged, and likewise specify and describe upon the said check the revenue officer or clerk of the check, residing as aforesaid nearest to the administrator or executor so to be named in such check, if such communication shall have been made to him; and in cases of letters of administration, or letters of administration with will annexed, granted to creditors, 'he shall also note upon such check the amount due to such creditors, and which check of letters of administration, or letters of administration with will annexed, so prepared, ball be delivered over by him to the said administrator, and which check or probate of will shall be delivered over by him to the said executor, together with the copy of the will which had been transmitted to him by the prodtor or proctors in Doctors Commons) the said copy being first stamped by the inspector, if the said administrator, or the said administrator with will annexed, or the said executor, as the case may be, shall be present or demand the same in person, but if be shall not be present, but be and reside at a distance, then and in that case the said inspector shall deliver such check, and such copy of will, to the deputy paymaster, and which shall be in the following form, or to the like effect:

No CHECK.

Form of check.

Navy pay office, day of

he rag directed by acts of parliament twenty sixth George the €fbird^ chap. 63, and thirty second George the "Third chap. 34, that letters of administration, and probates of wills, granted to the representatives of petty officers and seamen, non commissioned officers of marines, and marinesbelonging to his Majestfs navy, shall be lodged in this office, as vouchers to the treasurer for payments made there on, and that a check shall be issued for every such administration and probate of will, and administration with will annexed, specifying the particular heads thereof which by virtue of the said act shall stand in place of the same

This is therefore issued to Jloew receipt at this office of

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34.

C Letters of Administration < Probate of Will

(. Letters of Administration with Will annexed

granted to C D. of the county of

Adniniftrat Execut

Administrat with Will annexed

dated

of A.B. late of his Majesty's ship day of

5*9

No

Remittance hill to be addressed to

at

Letters of Administration Probate of Will

Letters of Administration with Will annexed

were sued

by

proelor in Doctors Commons, zubofe charges amount to

out

I. P. Inspector.

To the deputy paymaster of the navy.

XXIII. Provided also, and be further enacted by the autho If the sum rity aforesaid, That where any sum not exceeding the sum of due exceeds ten pounds shall be due for the services as aforesaid of any petty officer or seaman, non commissioned officer of marines, or ma jfpue a certl rine, deceased, in order that the widow, next of kin, creditor or ficate. person named as executor in any will or testament of such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, may not be put to great expense, it shall and may be lawful for the inspector of seamen's wills, after having taken the previous steps to ascertain the justness of their respective claims to probate or administration, or administration with will annexed (in like manner as he has been herein before directed to take in cases of granting certificates to Doctors commons for letters of adminstration, or letters of administration with will annexed, or for probates of wills) to issue or cause to be ifilled a certificate in the following form, or to the like effedh

Act of parliament, thirty second g to rge III chap. 34.

N

CERTIFICATE.

H

Navy Pay office

day of

A RING duly examined a claim presented to me as inspector of Form of cer* fearnen's wills, C by A. B of tificate. 3

in the county of sating that

of C D. originally of

and lately a [^naen| belonging to his Ma

je/ty's

53$ Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34. [1792.

jesty's ship and who died at

on the

I therefore hereby certify, That I believe the contents as therein fated to be true, and also that the said A.B. is entitled to receive whatever wages prize money, and other allowances of money may be due to the said deceased, provided the amount thereof does not exceed the sum of ten pounds.

Remittance bill to be addressed to at

I. P. inspector.

To the deputy paymaster of the navy, who shall take care to note hereon all sums which he hall pay, or cause to be paid, upon the authority of the same.

Certificate to be delivered to the widow, C if present, otherwise to the deputy paymaster.

Deputy pay matter, on receiving checks or certificates, to compute the wages due, and the balance to be paid, C

If the party reside at a

distance, a remittance bill to be made out for the balance.

And which certificate, so prepared, shall be delivered over by him to the said widow, next of kin, creditor, or person named as executor, if he or they shall be present, but if he or they shall not be present, but be and reside at a distance, then and in that case the said inspector shall specify and describe upon the said certificate the revenue officer residing as aforesaid nearest to such widow, next of kin, creditor, or person named as executor, and shall deliver such certificate to the deputy paymaster.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said deputy paymaster, upon receiving such check, or such certificate, addressed to him, as the case may be, shall cause the whole of the wages due thereon to be calculated and ascertained in the usual manner, in which calculation consideration shall be had to the proctor's charge, if any such charge shall have been incurred, which shall be abated and deducted from the said wages, and be immediately paid to the said protftor, or some person authorised to receive the lame on his behalf, and the amount due on such check, or certificate as the case may be, being so ascertained, and the pro£lor's charge, where there may be any, being so deduced, the net balance, or that part of the net balance which may be due to the administrator, executor, widow, next of kin, or person named as executor or creditor, shall immediately be paid to him or them, if he or they shall be present; and the check cm certificate upon which the lame was so paid shall also be delivered to him or them, that it may be and remain in his or their hands, and stand in place and in stead of letters of administration, or probate of the will, or letters of administration with will annexed, as an authority to receive whatever other sums may be due or become due to the estate of such deceased.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said executor or administrator, widow, next of kin, or creditor, or person named as executor, shall not be present, but be and reside at a distance, the said deputy paymaster, or treasurer's clerk shall make out, or cause to be made out, a remittance bill or bills

*79*0 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii IIIve. 34? 531

for the net balance, or that part of the net balance ascertained as aforesaid, and which shall be in the following form, dr to the like effect:

No

Day of

str;

PAY to B. C of on \ t£eir } pro J L s.

during and delivering the duplicate hereof the sum of \ being on account of the wages r of D. E. belonging to his May eft fs [hip the I

if the sane be demanded within six calendar months from the date hereof otherwise you are to return this bill to the treasurer of the navy at the pay office of the navy, London

form of remittance bills

The receiver-general of the land I tax in the county of j

The collector of the customs at 1 T a the port of f

j The collector of the excise at J^The clerk of the check at j

Signed F.G. Commissioners of the

a, pi\ hi }

virtue of the act of the thirty second of George the Third.

N.B. The personating or falsely a [fuming the name and charafiep of any person entitled to receive the wages of any inferior officer or seaman, non commissioned officer of marines, or ma nine, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive wages due to such officer or seaman, non commissioned officer of marines, or marine, is made felony without benefit of clergy, by the thirty second of George the Third.

THE officer to whom the within bill is addressed, is directed by act $ % Geo. III. Chap. 34, to examine the duplicate thereof when presented, and inquire into the truth, by the oath of the person presenting the same; and being satisfied, he is to testify to that purpose Upon the back of the bill, and pay the amount without fee or reward; but if he shall not be able to pay the amount, from not having public money sufficient ill his hands, He shall note the cause of his refuting payment, and shall appoint another day, within one month at furthest from that time, and

53. Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34. [1792.

shall deliver back the bill, so noted, to the person presenting. it. And if, upon complaint to the com midioners, it shall appear that the officer to whom this is addressed has unnfcceflarily delayed payment, taken any fee, or made any deduction whatsoever, he shall be fined a sum not exceeding fifty pounds.

Remittance bill to be signed, Sec. as in cases of parties desiring wages to be remitted at the pay of a ship by 31 Geo. % C 10, con

production of the duplicate of a remittance bill to any receiver-general of the land tax, Sec. within 6 months from the date, he shall examine into the truth of it upon oath, and pay the same without fee; but if not produced within

6 months the same shall be returned to the treasurer of the navy, C

And which bill shall be signed, attested, forwarded and transmitted in the manner directed in cases of parties desiring their wages to be remitted at the pay of a ship, by the aforesaid a, passed in the thirty first year of the reign of his late Majesty; and which remittance bills shall be made payable to such persons only as shall be expressed as administrators, executors, widows next of kin, or creditors, in the check or certificate issued as before directed by the inspector: and all the money payable by the treasurer of the navy upon such check of administration, or probate of will, with copy of will annexed, being made into a remittance bill or bills, the treasurer's clerk shall examine the said check, and if it shall appear that there is no further sums due by the said treasurer of the navy, but that the full sum due by him upon such authority has been paid and satisfied, his said clerk shall enclose the said check, together with the said copy of will, in the letter or cover which contains the bill of remittance, and forward it by the lame conveyance to the administrators, or executors, widows, nexjt of kin, or creditors, that it may be and remain in their hands, and stand in place and in stead of the original administration, or probate of the will, as an authority to receive whatever other sums may be due, or become due, to the estate of such deceased.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as the duplicate of any remittance bill or bills made out in favour of or granted in the manner herein before directed in the different events specified, to any administrator, executor, widow, next of kin, creditor, or person named as executor to any petty officer, seaman, non commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall be produced and delivered to any receiver-general of the land tax, Collect: or of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the check, in Great Britain respectively, 'within six calendar months from the date thereof, he is hereby required and enjoined to examine such duplicate, and inquire into the truth thereof, by the oath of the person producing the same, which oath he is hereby authorised and directed to administer, and upon being duly satisfied to testify the same on the back of such bill, and immediately to pay the person or persons to whom such bills shall be made payable, and who shall be entitled to receive the same, without fee or reward on any pretence whatsoever, the sum contained in such bill, taking his, her, or their receipt for the same on the back thereof, which bill so paid, upon being produced and delivered, together with the duplicate thereof, at the navy office, shall be immediately assigned for payment by three or more of of the navy, and shall be immediately repaid by the treasurer of the navy to fuefi receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, clerk

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii (3il C 34- 533

of the check, or to the order of any of therfi respectively who hall have paid such hill; but in case the duplicate of such bili shall not be produced and delivered, and the payment thereof be demanded within six calendar months from the date thereof, then the fat'd receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the ctistoms, collector of the excise, or clerk of the check, shall return such bill to the treasurer of the navy, who shall cause such bill to be immediately cancelled, and from and after the cancelling thereof, the sum so contained in such bill shall accrue and become payable to such executor, administrator, widow, next of kin, creditor, or person named as executor to such inferior officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, for whose wages or pay it was made out, or to their lawful representatives in case they shall be dead, in the same manner as if such bill had never been issued.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk §fallm>t have of the check, to whom the duplicate of any of the bills herein money in hand before directed to be made out and addressed to him as aforesaid when dupli shall be tendered for payment, shall not then have in his hands ^ered he public money sufficient to answer the same, and shall for that app0int a day jreason refuse or delay the immediate payment thereof, such re for payment ceiver general, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, within a or clerk of the check, shall immediately endorse on the back of the said duplicate the day of its being so tendered to him, and the cause of his refusal or delay to pay the same, and shall appoint thereon, for the payment of such bill, some future day, within the space of one month at the farthest from the day of its having been first tendered to him as aforesaid, and such duplicate, with the endorsement thereon, shall immediately be delivered back to the person presenting the same; and if upon complaint to be made to Penalty oft w the respective of appointed by his Majesty, his heirs ^ddaving* or successors, to manage the said several duties of the land tax, payment or customs, or excise, or to the of of the navy if the taking fees, person complained of he a clerk of the check, it shall appear that such receiver-general, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the check, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the payment of such bill, or that such receiver-general, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the check, or any person employed by or under any of them, hath directly or indirectly received or taken any fee, reward, gratuity, discount, or deduction whatsoever, on account of the payment of the said bill, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the said of to convidi and fine any such offender under their respective direction in any sum not exceeding fifty pounds, according to the nature and degree of the offence, and such fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as any conviction may be made, and any penalty or fine may be levied and recovered, for any offence against any law by which any custom. or

N n 2 excise

53 4

Bills and duplicates to be allowed in paf ling the accounts of the treasurer of the navy.

Persons forging certificates, checks, C to suffer death.

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34. [1792.

excise is imposed or laid; and the said fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the informer or informers against such offender or offenders.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such bill and bills, duplicate and duplicates respectively, herein before directed to be made out and paid as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as good and sufficient vouchers for the treasurer of the navy for so much money as shall have been so directed to be paid upon all or any such bill or duplicate respectively, and as shall have been paid by him fhereon, and shall be allowed as such in passing his accounts.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That any person, from and after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly act and assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting any petition for a certificate, herein before described or mentioned, to enable any person or persons to obtain letters of administration to any petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer or private of marines, who shall have served on board any ship or vessel of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or shall utter or publish as true any petition for a certificate, herein before described or mentioned, to enable any person or persons to obtain letters of administration to any such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer or private of marines, who shall have served on board any ship or vessel of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely.made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly act and assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting any certificate for enabling him, her, or them to obtain probate, or letters of administration with the will annexed, or any check, remittance bill, or duplicate of remittance bill, or any certificate to the deputy paymaster, in respect of wages, prize money, and other allowances of money, not exceeding ten pounds, herein before severally described or mentioned, in order to receive any wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or prize money, due or supposed to be due for or on account of the service of any petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer cr private of marines, on board any ship or vessel of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or shall utter or publish as true any check, remittance bill, or duplicate of remittance bill, or certificate, to the deputy paymaster, in respect of wages, prize money, and other allowances of money, not exceeding ten pounds, herein before severally described or ment tioned, in order to receive any wages, pay or other allowances of money, or prize money, due or supposed to be due for or on account of the service of any petty officer or seaman, non com rniffioned officer or private of marines, on board any ship or vessel of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, then every such person, being lawfully convicted of any such offence or offences, according to the

a dne

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34. 535

due course of law, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy,

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven Petty officers, hundred and ninety-two, if any petty officer or seaman, non seamen, See. commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall receive his pay, receive^thfir'° or shall attempt to receive the same, or any part thereof, upon pay on forged any certificate, purporting to be a certificate of servitude, or a certificates, or certificate of discharge, knowing the same to be forged or coun assisting interfeited, or if any such petty officer by himself, or by employing [o^punishtd others, shall assist in the forging or counterfeiting of any such as 'ul cases of certificate, every such petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned perjury, officer of marines, or marine, being thereof convicted, shall be punished as in cases of perjury.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the said first day of August one thousand seven Sums to be hundred and ninety-two, no ecclesiastical court, prodlor or proc ^ates^of wills tors in such courts, nor any person or persons whatsoever, under or jetters of*any pretence, shall take and receive any more than the sum of fif administration teen shillings and twopence, for the seal, parchment, writing, and granted to suing forth the probate of any will, granted to the executors of next^tkin* any warrant or any petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned offi

cer of marines, or marine, for the purpose of receiving wages or pay, or allowances of money of any kind, which shall remain due to such warrant or petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, at the time of his or their death, for his or their services in his majesty's navy, and for the pains, trouble, and expense, attending the suing forth such probate, nor more than the sum of one pound four shillings and twopence for letters of administration, granted to the next of kin of any warrantor petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, unless the goods and chattels of such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of twenty pounds, nor more than the sum of one pound eight shillings and eight pence for any such probate granted to the executors of any warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine; nor more than the sum of one pound seventeen shillings and eight pence for any such letters of administration granted to the next of kin of any warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, unless the goods and chattels of such warrant of petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of forty pounds; nor more than the sum of one pound eleven shillings and twopence for any such probate granted to the executors of any warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine; nor more than the sum of two pounds eight Shillings and sixpence for any such letters of administration granted to the next of kin of any warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of piarines, or marine, unless the goods and chattels of such warrant pr petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or

53^ Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34. [1792.

marine, do amount to; the value of sixty pounds; nor more than, cheffim of one pound thirteen shillings andpight pence for any such probate granted to the executors of any warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine $ nor itiore than the sum of two pounds eleven Shillings for any such letters of administration granted to the next of kin of any warrant; or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or' marine, unless the goods and chattels of such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the sum of one hundred pounds; and in all cases where it shall be necessary to issue commissions or requisitions to swear the executors or administrators of such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, no ecclesiastical court, prodlor or prodlors in such court, nor any person or persons whatsoever, under any pretence, shall take or receive more than the sum of fifteen shillings for the leal, parchment, writing, and suing forth of any such commission or requisition, and for the pains, trouble and expense attending the same, unless the goods and chattels of such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of twenty pounds; nor more than the sum of one pound three shillings, unless, the goods and chattels of such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned, officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of one hundred pounds.

gums to be

XXXII. Provided always, That no ecclesiastical court, proc paid for pro for or proqors in such court, nor any person or persons whatso ^rof ever, under any pretence, shall take and receive any more thandminiftra the sum of six shillings for the seal, parchment, writing, and suing tien, granted forth the prolate of any will granted to the executors of any to widows, warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of p ukuen, C roarjnes, or marine, such executors being the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or filler, of any such warrant of petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, for the purpose of receiving wages or pay, or allowances, of money of any kind, which shall remain due to such warrant or petty officer, dr seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, at the time of his or their death, for his or their fer vices in his majesty's navy, and for the pains, trouble, and expense, attending the suing forth such probate; nor more than the sum of fourteen shillings for the letters of administration grated to the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or sister, of any such warrant pr petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, unless the goods and chattels of such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of twenty pounds; nor more than the sum of nineteen shillings and sixpence for any such probate granted to the executors of any warrant or petty officer, seaman, non pomrniffipned officer of marines, or marine, such executor being the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or sister as aforesaid*mom than the ium of one pound shillings and sixpence,

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 34. 537

far any such letters of administration granted to the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or sister of any such warrantor petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, unless the goods and chattels of such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of forty pounds; nor more than the sum of one pound three Shillings for any such probate granted to the executors of any warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, such executors being the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or sister as aforesaid; nor more than the sum of one pound eleven Shillings for any such letters of administration granted to the widow, children, hither, mother, brother, or sister of any such warrant or petty officer, seaman, non corn missioned officer of marines, or marine, unless the goods and chattels of such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of sixty pounds; nor more than the sum of one pound seven Shillings and sixpence for any such probate granted to the executors of any warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, such executors being the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or sister as aforesaid; nor more than the sum of one pound fifteen Shillings and sixpence for any such letters of administration granted to the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or sister, of any such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, unless the goods and chattels of such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of one hundred pounds; and in all cases where it shall be necessary to issue commissions or requisitions to swear executors or administrators, being the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or sister, of such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, no ecclesiastical court, procfor or proctors in such court, or any person or persons.whatsoever, under any pretence, shall take or receive more than the sum of twelve Shillings for the seal, parchment, writing, and suing forth of any such commission or requisition, and for the pains, trouble, and expense attending the same, unless the goods and chattels of such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, do ambunt to the value of twenty pounds; nor more than the sum of fifteen Shillings and sixpence, unless the goods and chattels of such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of forty pounds; nor more than the sum of sixteen Shillings and sixpence, unless the goods and chattels of such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of sixty pounds; nor more than the sum of eighteen Shillings and sixpence, unless the goods and chattels of such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of one hundred pounds.

XXXIII. And be it hereby, further enacted, That, from and No more than Np ^the sums herein

538 Agqo, .{tg$i secundo geor<hi III C 34. [ 179-2.

in specified after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and forecmentiob - northeast fy -^wo, no ecclesiastical court, nor any person or persons ed) to be paid what foe ver, save as herein before mentioned, under any pretence for probates of shall take and receive, more than the sum of five Shillings for the wills or letters seal, parchment, writing, and suing forth of the probate of any tiong^litedto P any letters of administration granted to the widow, ehil* Widows, C dren, father, mother, brother, or filler of any such warrantor for estates un petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or der io.pl* marine, and for the pains, trouble, and expense attending the suing forth such probate or letters of administration, unless the goods and chattels of such warrant or petty officer, seaman, non commissioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the value of one hundred pounds; and in all cases where it shall be necessary to issue commissions or requisitions to swear the widow, children, father, mother, brother, or fitter, being executors or udministrators of any such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, no ecclesiastical court, nor any person or persons whatsoever, save as herein before. mentioned, under any pretence, shall take or receive more than the sum of five Shillings for the seal, parchment, writing, and suing forth of any such commission or requisition, and for the pains, trouble, and expense attending the same, unless the goods and chattels of any such warrant or petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, do amount to the Value of one hundred pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the author Bill of expect rity aforesaid, That, in all cases where it shall be necessary to grant ces on letters letters of administration or letters of administration with will an ^on^wanted'1" n<?xcc^to any creditor or creditors of such petty officer, seaman>nont to creditors, commissioned officer of marines, or marine, the prodtor or procfors to be laid be suing forth, or capfing the same to be sued forth, shall make out a bill, fore the regis Gf costs, which he or they niay have actually paid for (lamps, or sees i^ativ^court' in ecclesiastical court, or other wise or el fe where, and which bill to^betaxed, ? ofexpences shall also contain an account of charges for his or their'pains and trouble in everything attending or relating to the suing out, or causing to be sued out, such letters of administration, or letters of administration with will annexed; which bill of exr pences and charges the said prodlor or prodfors shall lay before the registers of the prerogative court of Canterbury, or certain deputies authorised to act for them, to be examined and taxed:, and the said registers and deputy registers are hereby authorised to examine and tax the same^and which bill of costs and charges, after having been so examined and taxed by the said registers, of the prerogative court of Canterbury, or by their deputies, or by any one of the said registers, or by any one of the said deputies, they shall certify the same, or that part of the same which remains after being so taxed, to be fair and equitable charges, according oath usual fees allowed, and customary charges made by procr tors i; n Doftoxs Cowmens, and, then shall return the said letters of administration, or letters of administration with will annexed, and the said bill of e?: pehces and charges, to the prodtor or prodtors —: V -^.., who

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Q^RGII Ilf. C 34* 539

who shall have so laid the same before them, 'and which bill of to register costs and charges shall be allowed to contain a see of three fhil - taxm£* lings and fourpence to be paid to the said registers, or to the said deputy registers, who shall have so taxed and examined the same s and when the said pro£lor or proctors have finally obtained such letters of administration, or letters of administration with will annexed, granted to the creditors of such petty officer or Teaman, non commissioned officer of marines, or marine, and such bill pro(qors to expenses and charges, certified as herein directed, he or they shall forward such letters of administration, and letters of administra ters of admi tien with will annexed, and certificates of expenses and charges, nistration and to the treasurer, or to the paymaster of his majesty's navy; and ^ence^to^ if any officer or officers, prodtor or prodlors, or any other person the treasurer or persons, shall presume to take any more than the several sums or paymaster herein before allowed and directed to be taken, in the different of the navy, events specified, for the charges of probates, letters of administra Penalty on tien, commissions, and requifuions, in the manner herein particu prodfcors, C larly mentioned and expressed, the person or persons so offending tha^the*predial forfeit to the party aggrieved the sum of fifty pounds, to be feribed sums recovered with full costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or for probates, information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westmin C and Jler, or elsewhere; or if any register or other officer of any eccle on officers of fiastical court shall knowingly and wilfully be aiding or assisting case^urt^ro in procuring probate of the will or letters of administration, For curing pro the purpose of enabling any person or persons to receive the wages, bates, See. pay, prize money, or allowance of money of any kind due, of contrary to becoming due for the services of any petty officer, leaman, non ^geo"' commissioned officer of marines, or marine, on board any ship or % e3* .*ships, then or formerly belonging to his Majesty or his predecessors, or heirs and successors, otherwise than in the manner pre feribed by this act, and the other act herein before mentioned, passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, every such prodtor, register, or other officer, shall for ever after be incapable of acting as prodtor, register, or in any other capacity, in any ecclesiastical court in Great Britain, and shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, so be sued for, recovered, and levied, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, and one half of every such penalty or forfeiture shall be and belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and one half to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authoriy aforesaid, That whenever any extraordinary pains, trouble, or expense has attended the suing out letters of administration, or may^aftowt letters of administration with will annexed, to the widows or next reasonable of kin, or probates of wills to the executors of any such petty officers charge for orseamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, or marines, the ^x^nces0^? prodtor or prodtors who have sued out the same may, in consider expenses sftion thereof, make an addition, in proportion to the said extraordinary painsy trouble., and expense to his of their bill of charges and -7" i », expencesj

The treasurer or paymaster

540 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 35. [1792.

expenses, and which appearing reasonable, the inspector shall allow and pass the same; but if the same shall appear unreasonable or exorbitant to the treasurer or paymaster of the navy, in that case the said bill of charges and expenses shall be returned to dott&rs Commons, to be checked and taxed as aforesaid by the registers, or any one of them, or by the deputy registers, or any one of them, who are hereby directed so to do without fee or reward, unless the said charges and expenses shall have arisen in consequence of any litigation or suit respecting the obtaining or filing out such letters of administration, letters of administration with will annexed, or probate of will, in which cases the said registers, or deputy registers, shall be permitted to charge and take the aforesaid see of three shillings and fourpence.

So much of

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby expressly declared, 26 Geo. 3-c. 63. That so much of the said a! passed in the twenty sixth year of as is not here the reign of his present Majesty, as is not repealed by this by repealed, foal] remajn in foil force and effect. to continue m

force' CAP. XXXV

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills lottery tickets; certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

2, 300, 0061. may be issued out of the consolidated fund; which maybe raised by leans or exchequer bills on the credit of the said fund. Money lent on security of this act not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be struck, corders for repayment to be registered and paid in course. Ko see to be taken for registering, Sec. on penalty of treble value and costs, and also loss of place. For undue preference in registering, C liable to action, and to pay the value of the debt with full eofts, and to be forejudged his office; but deputy only liable, and auditor and clerk of the pells and tellers of the exchequer liable to the same. Not to be deemed undue preference which orders of the same date brought the same day, are entered first, so they are all entered; nor if subsequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for payment, if money be reserved to discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the sum hereby granted to be raiftd by exchequer bills, in the manner prescribed by the land tax acts of the present l'efiions; the provisions of which act (except such as charge the bills on the land tax, and limit the rate of interest) to ektend to this. Bills and interest, See, to be discharged out of the consolidated fund. The bank may advance money on the credit of this act. 155, 495b 19s. aq surplus or the consolidated fund, on Jan. 5, 1792; and 436, 107b ns. 2d surplus of ditto on April 5, 179a, to be issued towards the supply. Moneys raised by the land tax, malt aft, loans, 3, 500.000b further loans,

2, 000 cool, lottery; 155^4951. 19s. 2q. surplus of the consolidated fund on Jan. 5, 179a; 436, 107b 11s. 2d. surplus of ditto on April 5, 1792; and 2, 300 ocob hereby granted out of the consolidated fund, shall be applied (with the residue of the file of French prizes) to the uses hereafter

expressed. 1.854, 482b for naval services 1792. 131,000b for navy debt.

877b ns. 2d. for land service of the ordnance prior to Dec. 31, 1783. 43 225] 18s. 5d. for land service of the ordnance, in 1790. 377, 898b is. 8d, for land service of the ordnance, in 1792. 1, 814, 800b os. 4d. lor land forces; viz. 285: 064b 12s. 9d. 2q. for 17, 013 effective men, officers, See in Great Britain, from Dec. 25, 1791, to June 24, 1792; and 275, 140b

19s. 3d. for 15, 701 effective men, from June 45 to Dec. 24?79* I: '

54i

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 35.

170, 1931. 9s. 6d. for forces in the plantations, Sec. from Dec. 25, 1791, to June 24, 1792; and 149, 2941. 13s. 5d. for those forces from June 25 to Dec. 24, 1792; 4, 2501. 128. 8d. difference between British and Irish establishments of seven battalions serving in North America, Sec. from Dec.

25, 1791, to June 24, 1792; and 2, 9031. 4s. 7 d. for those battalions, from June 24 to Dee. 24, 1792; 8, 345b 16s. 2d. for regiments serving in the East Indies, for 1792. 98, 037b 15s. for recruiting land forces, and contingencies,

See. 15, 064b us. for supernumary officers; 6, 437b os. 6d. for general and staff officers in Great Britain; 52, 338b 5s. 2d. to the paymaster general, secretary at war, Sec. 159, 797b 10s. for reduced officers of the land forces and marines; 202b 10s. for reduced officers, cof the horse guards; 3, 161b 10s. iod. for officers late in the service of the states general; 55, 092b 10s. for reduced officers of the British American forces; and 4, 007b 10s. for allowances to them; 173, 104b 3s. nd. for Chelsea hospital; 9, 381b 13s. iod. for widows pensions; 1, 785b 3s. 8d. for garrison officers, C in 1791; 340, 306). 8s. for extraordinaries of the army, in 1791. 3, 500, 000b to pay off exchequer bills, 31 Geo. 3. 2, 000, 000b

to discharge further ditto, ditto. 26, 043b 3s. 3d. issued in pursuance of addresses of the house of commons. 5, 376b 17s. 6d. for the civil establishment of Nova Scotia, from the first of January 1792, to the first of January 1793. 4, 520b for New Brunswick, from the 24th of June 1792,

to the 24th of June 1793. 2, 020b for the island of Saint John in America, from the first of January 1792, to the first of January 1793. i, 8ool. for Cape Breton, from the 24th of June 1792, to the 24th of June 1793.

1, 306b 7s 6d. for Newfoundland, to defray the salaries of the governor and civil officers, from the first of April -1792, to the first of April 1793.

4, 180b for the Bahama islands, for defraying the charge of the civil establishment in addition to the salaries now paid out of the duty fund, from the first of January, 1792, to the first of January, 1793. 580b to the chief justice, of Bermuda, or Somers Islands, from the 24th of June 1792, to the 24th of June 1793. 600b to the chief justice of Dominica, from the first of January 1792, to the first of January 1793. 6 565b 7s. for the civil

establishment of Upper Canada, from the 31st of December 1791, to the 31st of December 1792. 4, 726b for the civil establishment of New South Wales, from the 10th of October 1792, to the 10th of October 1793.

13, 000b for forts in Africa. 4, 660b for roads and bridges, in the highlands of North Britain. ioo, ooool. to discharge exchequer bills 31 Geo. 3. made out for expenses of augmentation of the forces 1790. 400, 000b towards the rediiaion of the national debt. 6, 401b 4s. 8d. 2q. issued to the representatives of H. and J. Bradley, esquires, for convicts in Langftone and Portsmouth harbours. 17, 023b 17s. 2d. issued to Duncan Campbell, esq; for convicts on the Thames. 22, 179b 12s. 6d. for provisions sent to New South Wales, Sec. iooh issued to the secretary of the of under the Have adfc. 6, 347b 11s. 6d. for the expenses of trial of Warren Hastings, esq; 1, 926b 9s. iod. 3q. issued to Thomas Cotton, esq; to pay bills of exchange by direction of the treasury. 4, 141b 11s. 7d. 3q. for compensation to owners of ships in the African slave trade. 9, 819b 18s.

7d. for extraordinary expenses of the mint in 1791. 707b 3s. 8d. for

prosecuting offenders against the coin laws. 10, 329b 156. 4d. for presents to inhabitants of the northwest coast of America. 12, 262b 19s. 9d. for ]pffes on evacuating the Musquito shoreb 284, 992b 15s. 5d. 2q. to be issued as follows, viz. 224)7871. 7s. nd. 2q. for part of orders made out for the relief of American sufferers, pursuant to 28 Geo. 3. c. 40; and 60, 205b 7s'. 6d. for ditto, made out pursuant to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34. 28, 0001. to Thomas Cotton, esq; for relief of American sufferers. 436, 990b 18s. od. 2q. for deficiency of grants for the year 1791. Supplies to be applied for the purposes before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the firm granted for half pay. By 31 Geo. 3. c. 41. 155, 287b 5s.

5d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1791. The overplus of which lum may be disposed of to officers maimed, Sec. as his majesty shall diretft. Duplicates of exchequer bills, See. lost, may be made out 09 affidavits being made before the barons of the exchequer prior to p<ft. 1, 1792, C

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 36 — 38. [1792.

CAP. XXXVI.

An acto continue several laws therein mentioned, relating to the discontinuing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grease; the free importation of certain raw hides and skins from Ireland and the British plantations in America; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of artificers and workmen employed in those manufactures to go into parts beyond the seas; the better regulating of pilots, for the conducting of ships and vessels from Dover, Deal, and the I lie of Thanet; to the ascertaining the strength of Spirits by clark's hydrometer; and to the allowing the importation of seal lkins, cured with foreign salt, free of duty.

7 Geo. 3. c. 12. to discontinue the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, C continued to March 25, 1794, C So much of 9 Geo. 3. c. 39. as relates to free importation of raw hides and lkins from Ireland and the British plantations in America, continued to June 1, 1796, C 26 Geo. 3. c. 89. extending to other tools and utensils, and 25 Geo. 3. c. 67. continued to the end of the next session. 3 Geo. 1. c. 13. for regulating' pilots of Ships from Dover, C and 7 Geo. 1. c. 21. fed. 14. for further regulating such pilots, continued to March 24, 1806, C So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. as directs that all spirits shall be deemed of the strength denoted by Clark's hydrometer, continued to the end of the next session. 31 Geo. 3. c. 26. allowing the importation of seal lkins, cured with foreign salt, duty free, continued to June 14, 1798, C

XXXVII

An act for making perpetual an act made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An act for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, under certain regulations and restrictions."

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for building a bridge over the river South Elk, at or near the town of Montrose, in the county of Forfar; and for making suitable approaches thereto.

Commissioners. Commissioners to be appointed in place of those who die or do not accept, by the survivors or acceptors. Commissioners appointed to ad, if all the persons before named or appointed shall die. First meeting of the of to be on the first Tuesday in July 1792. Three of may adjourn. Commissioners may call extraordinary meetings. Power to enforce payment of the subscription money. of may contract for building a bridge or bridges. Commissioners to cause the bridge or bridges to be built. Draw bridge to be made. Ferry of Ferryden to cease when the bridge is completed and passable. Commissioners empowered to contract for the purchase of lands, C Persons incapacitated may nevertheless treat with the of If owners, C neglect or refuie to treat, of may settle therecompence. Settling the recompense and damages, not to flop the works. Purchase money to be paid out of the tolls, or out of the money raised for the purposes of this act. Money belonging to heirs of entail, life renters, See, to be served for all interested by the court of session. Turnpikes to be ered^d and tolls taken, viz. For every pevfon on foot, one halfpenny. Every horse, laden or unladen, threepence; if belonging to an inhabitant of Montrose, twopence halfpenny. Coach and six horses, 2s. 3d. ditto and four horses, is. 9d. ditto and pair, is. 3d.but if belonging to an inhabitant of Montrose, is. Chaise with two wheels and two horses,

d

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 39, 40.' 543

9d. Chaise with one horse, 6d. Wagons, with seven horses, loacted, 4s.

Do. unloacted, as. Do. loacted, with six horses, as. 6d. Do. Unloacted, is. 6d, Do. loacted, with four or five horses, is. 6d. Do. unloacted, 6d.

Do. loacted, with two horses, 9d. Do. unloacted, 3d. Carts with four horses, loacted, 8d. Do. unloacted, 4d. Do. with two horses, loacted, 4d.

Do. unloacted, ad. Do. with one horse, loacted, 3d. Do. unloacted, id.

Sheep or goats, per score, 6d. Ox or cow each, id. Calf or hog each, i farthing. Money how to be veiled, and tolls levied by distress. Carts loaded with manure, to pay half tolls. The following persons exempt from tolls, viz. soldiers on their march, constables or sheriffs officers with vagrants, C persons going to do Statute duty, and horses and carriages carrying the mail. Forty billings penalty upon unduly claiming exemption. Power to let the tolls on lease. Penalty on evading payment of tolls, twenty shillings. Application of the money. Power to diminish the tolls. Power to borrow money, on the credit of the tolls. Assignments may be transferred by endorsement. Assignments to be entered in a book.

[Publick act.]

Notice to be given of borrowing money. Commissioners may appoint officers. Treasurer and other officers to give security. Power to take materials from waste grounds. Persons who do damage to the bridge, how to be punished. Matters of vessels made answerable for damages done by their crews. Commencement of the a<tt, the first Tuesday in July 179a. Mode of levying penalties. Persons may appeal to the quarter sessions. Justices may act though they are of Proceedings of of to be entered in books. Tolls to be paid by foot passengers to cease when the money borrowed is paid off. a, ooool. to be set apart for keeping bridge in repair, and then it is to be free, unless some accident happen to the bridge. Limitation of actions. Full costs.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act to enable the inhabitants of the parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, in the city of Loltdon, to raise money for paying and discharging the debts that have been contracted in repairing their parish church, and building a new workhouse.

i6, a75l. to be raised with interest at 5l. percent, to discharge debts due.

Trustees appointed; to receive and apply the rates; and to grant warrant for distress on nonpayment. How differences are to be determined; and how collectors are to be chosen. Collector to give security, and to have threepence in the pound for collecting. Collector to pay over the sums received; and enter them in a book or books. To oblige the collectors to account; and to act. Money may be raised by annuities for lives, or on bonds at interest. Annuities not subject to taxes. Annuities and lenders names, and the purchase money, and sums borrowed on bonds, to be entered in books; and the sums paid and lent by them; to which the purchasers may have recourse. Purchasers to have orders of payment.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Annuities and bonds assignable. When any of the annuities drop, a Turn equal to the original price thereof may be raised by sale of other annuities, and applied in payment of the bonds. Rates. Houses let out indifferent apartments how to be assessed. For exempting tithes from payment of church rate. Rates to vest in creditors and annuitants, in case of nonpayment of debts and annuities. Trustees empowered to relieve poor inhabitants. Collectors to inspect land tax and poor's rate books. Choice of new trustees. Rates to cease when the debt of 16, 075l. and interest is paid, and the annuities determined. Trustees to meet in the parish church on the 14th of June 179a, and to defray their own charges. Proceedings not to be quaftied fqr want of form, or removable by certiorari. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XL

An cliff for amending the laws of excise relating to the of

flint glass,

544 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 40. [1792.

[Preamble.]

Makers of flint glass to be allowed three hours after the time specified in the notice, for be ginning to fill pots with materials.

i 4th at least of the metal specified in the notice to be put into pots within six hours after beginning to charge them, on penalty of 50l.

WHEREAS certain regulations, not required in other cases, are necessary in the making of filnt glass; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every maker of flint glass, who shall have given any notice for beginning to fill or charge any pot or pots with metal or materials for the making of flint glass, in the manner required by law, hall be allowed the space of three hours next after the time and hour specified in such notice, before he, she, or they shall be required to begin to fill or charge such pot or pots with such metal or materials, and such beginning to fill or charge such pot or pots with such metal or materials, within three hours next after the time and hour specified in such notice, hall be deemed and taken to be a beginning to fill and charge such pot or pots, according to and under such notice, anything in any former or acts of parliament contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every maker of flint glass who hall give any such notice for beginning to fill or charge any pot or pots for the making of flint glass shall, within six hours next after the time and hour at which he, he, or they hall begin to fill or charge such pot or pots, put into such pot or pots one fourth part at the least of the true weight of the metal or preparation, specified in such notice as being to be made use of in the making of flint glass, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds for every tfegledf or refusal thereof.

One hour's

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That sctofunftop lt not lawful for any maker or makers of flint glass to ping pots, to tmftop or take down any stopper from his, her, or their pot oath given to the pots, containing any metal or preparation for the making of flint excise officer, glass, unless notice in writing hall, by the space of one hour next °" j Penalty before he, she, or they hall so unstop such pot or pots, or take down any such stopper from any such pot or pots, be given to

the officer or officers of excise under whose survey he, he, or they shall then be, of his, her, or their intention so to do, speci fying therein the particular time and hour when and at which any pot or pots is or are intended to be unstopped, or any such stopper or stoppers is or are intended to be taken down, on pain of forfeiting

the sum of fifty pounds for every neglect or refusal to give such notice as aforesaid.

If pots are not begun to be unstopped pursuant to notice, fresh notice must be given.

IV. Provided always, That if any such pot or pots, so intended to be unstopped, and whereof such notice shall have been given, shall not be begun to be unstopped pursuant to such notice, then and in every such case and cases, such notice or notices reflectively shall be null, void, and of no effect, and all and every maker and makers of flint glass, who, after the expiration of the time mentioned in such notice, hall unstop or take down any such stopper from any such pot or pots, without having first given a; new or like notice as aforesaid of his, her, or their intention to

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. ^, 4©.' 545

unstop or take down any such stopper or stoppers from any such pot or pots, shall, in every such case incur and be subject to the like penalty and forfeiture as if he, she, or they had not thereof given any notice at all,

V Provided also, That nothing herein before contained shall Penalty not to extend, or be deemed or con ft rued to extend, tp subject any maker extend to the or makers of flint glass to the said penalty of fifty pounds, for or by

reason of his, her, or their unstopping or taking down any stopper may happen from any such pot which may happen to crack or break whilst the to crack, Sec. same is filled or charged with any metal or preparation, for the sole purpose of preventing the loss of such metal or preparation, or from any other pot or po, ts, for the sole purpose of discovering fitch broken pot or pots, anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, That nothing herein before contained shall nor to the un

extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to subject any em

maker or makers of flint glass to the said penalty of fifty pounds, hours from for or by reason of his, her, or their*unstopping or taking down the time of any stopper or stoppers from any pot or pots, during the 'time of beginning to the filling or charging any such pot or pots, and within thirty cnarse t ern' six hours from the time of his, her, or their having begun to fill

or charge such pot or pots, anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That On giving six

it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every maker and hoursprevrous makers of flint glass, (on his, her, or their giving to the officer ofmetalwhich or officers of excise, under whose survey, he, he or they shall has paid the then be, six hours previous notice in writing of his, her, or their duty may be intention so to do), to glaze, or cause to be glazed, any new pot Put mtoany or pots previously gauged, and taken an account of by the proper thepr^feiiceof officer or officers of excise, and specified in such notice, and for the officer, for that purpose to take from and out of any other pot any quantity the purpose of of metal, on which the duty has been charged, not exceeding it:

forty pounds weight in the whole, and to put such metal immediately, in the presence of such officer or officers, into such new

pot or pots for the sole purpose of glazing the same, without such maker or makers of flint glass being liable to any further duty for or in respect of such metal so put into such new pot or pots for the purpose aforesaid, or without incurring, any penalty for beginning to fill or charge such new pot without notice.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an on like it shall and maybe lawful to and for all and every maker and ofunftained* makers of flint glass, (on his, her, or their giving to the officer metal may be or officers of excise, under whole survey, he, she, or they shall used for the then be, six hours previous notice in writing of his, her, or their purpose of intention ip, to do), to cleanse any pot or pots in which any stained

glass hth been melted, and specified in such notice, by taking p.

any quantity of unstained metal on which the duty has been charged, not exceeding ten pounds weight in the whole, and by lading and unlading the same in the presence of such officer or officers into and from such pot for tfiat purpose, and by repeating

546 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. 41. [1794.

such operations in the presence of such officer or officers, until such pot shall be sufficiently cleansed, without incurring any penalty for beginning to charge such pot without notice.

How penalties

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That aretobereco aj] penalties and forfeitures imposed or created by this act, hall vered and ap pue(j por^0^ levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, 'p*or methods, as any fine; penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for;

recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of etf quer in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who hall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Powers of it That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties; for c. to extend ^e'tures> c^aul'es5 matters, and things, which in and by an act

made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and fairies, and tenures in Capite, and by knights service, and purvey ance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than, in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are made and prescribed by this act), hall be practised, used, and put in execution, in, and for the managing, raising, levying, collectings mitigating, recovering, and paying the duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and reenacted in this present act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act hall commence and take effect from and immediately after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety two

to this act.

Act to commence from Jul Si792*

CAP. XLI.

An act to exempt whale oil, and other articles therein mentioned and sold by auction in Great Britain, from the duty imposed on such fates.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty seventh year of £7 Geo.3. c.i3. the reign of his present Majesty, for repealing the several recited. duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, an excise duty is chargeable for and upon all fates by way of auction in Great Britain, of any goods or chattels, according to the respective rates therein expressed; and whereas it is expedient, that further exemption from the said duty Should be made in favour of certain article s, other than such as are now exempted from the same:

b

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo faubdo&go&glj jil C 42. 547

be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day From July y, of July, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, ail whale 1792> whale oil, whale bone, ambergris, and head matter, and all /kins of seals and other animals living in the lea, shall be free of the said empted from duty on the first sale thereof by auction in Great Britain \ and the duty on also that all elephants teeth, palm oil, dying woods, drugs, and auctions im other articles for dyers use, and all mahogany and other unma nufadfured wood for the use of cabinet makers, and other manufacturers, imported in British hips from Africa, or from any British settlement abroad, hall be free of the said duty on the fir/b sale of iiich goods by auction, by or for the account of the original importer to whom the same were consigned, and by whom they were entered at the customhouse at the port of importation, fb as such sale be made within twelve months after such goods shall be imported, and by some person duly licensed to exercise the trade or business of an auctioneer.

CAP. XLII.

An act to empower the high court of chancery to lay out a further fun of the suitors jnoney upon propersecurities, and for applying the interest towards discharging the expenses of the office of the accountant general, and for building offices for the rnafters in ordinary in chancery, and a public office for the suitors of the said court, and offices for the secretaries of bankrupts and lunatics, and for building re pofttories for securing the title deeds of the Jidtors of the said court, and the records and proceedings of the commissioners of bankrupts and lunatics.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an al of parliament, made and passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to empower the high court of chancery to iz Geo. lay out, upon proper securities, any moneys, not exceeding a furn therein limited, Out of the common and general cash in the bank of, England belonging to the suitors of the said court, for the ease of the said fuitois, by applying the interest^arising therefrom for answering the charges of the office of the accountant general of the said court, it was enacted, Thai, out of the cash that. then lay, or Should thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the bank fl/'england, belonging to the suitors of the court of chancery, a turn not exceeding thirty-five thousand pounds Should and might, by virtue of any order or orders of the said court to be made for that purpose, from time to time, be placed out in one entire furn, or in par celsv on such government or parliamentary securities as, in and by, such order or orders, Should be directed, to the intent that the interest and, annual prof is arising from the money Jo to be placed out as apt esaid might be applied for the purposes therein after mentioned: and it was thereby further emitted. That the interest and annual profits, arising and to be produced from the said securities, Should, from time to time, vhe received by the governor and company of the bank tf/'england, and, voj..jjcxxvif, Go be

54 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. g, 42- [1792.

he placed to the credit of an account to be rtiijed in the books kept there for the suitors of the said courts of interest arising from money placed out in pursuance of that act \. and that out of fuel? inter ejl money and annual profits there Should be paid) by quarterly payments the annual sum of one thousand and twenty pounds which payment Should be made by the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or orders of the court of chancery to be made for that purpose; To the accountant general of the court of chancery the sum of six hundred and fifty pounds; to his first clerk, the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds; to his second clerk, the sum of one hundred and twenty pounds; and that the residue of the interest and annual profits arising and to be produced from the J'aidfecurities Should be accounted for and taken as part of the common and general cash of and belonging to the^suitors of the said court of chancery, and Should be issued and applied pursuant and according to the directions of a certain act of parliament therein recited of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, entitled) An act for relief of the suitors of the high court of chancery: and whereas by an act of parliament, made and pa fed in the fourth year of the reign Geo. 3. c. 33. of his present Majesty, intituled An act to empower the high court of chancery to lay put, upon proper securities, a further sum of money, not exceeding a sum therein limited, out of the common apd general cash in the bank of England belonging to the suitors of the said court; and for applying the interest arising therefrom towards answering the charges of the office of the ac ebuntant general of the said court, it was enacted, That out of the cash that then lay, or Should thenafter lie dead and unemployed in the bank of England, belonging to the suitors of the court of chancery', a sum not exceeding five thousand pounds Should and mighty by virtue of any order or orders of the said court, to be made for that purpose from time to time, be placed out in one entire sum, or in par eels, on such gevermnent or parliamentary securities as in and by such order or or ders should be direct ea to the intent that the inter ejl and annual profits arising from the money, so to be placed cut as aforesaid, might be applied for the purposes therein after 7nenticned: and it was thereby further enacted, That the interest and annual profits arising and to be produced from the said securities shouldr from time to time be received by the governor and company of the bank of England and be placed to the credit of the same account as was raij'ed in the books kept therefore the suitors of the Jdid court by virtue of the said act herein before mentioned., of interest arising from, money placed out in pursuance of the said act of the twelfth year of King George the Second; and that cut of such interest money and annual profits there Should be paid) by quarterly payments, by the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or orders of the court of chancery to be made for that purpose the annual sum cf one hundred and twenty pounds to the said accountant generals third clerk \ and that the residue of the interest and annual profits arising, and to be produced from the said securities, Should be accounted for and taken as part of the common and general cash of, and belonging to the suitors of the said court of chancery r and Should be ijj'md and applied pursuant and according to the

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii IIIl C 42; 549

directions of the said act of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First: and whereas by an act of parliament, made and passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to empower the high court of chancery to lay 5 Geo. 3. 0, ^. out, on government securities, a sum of money therein mentioned, out of the common and general cash in the bank of England belonging to the suitors of the said court; and to apply the interest arising therefrom towards augmenting the income of the matters of the said court, it was enabled. That out of the cash that then lay, or Should thenafter lie dead and unemployed in the bank of England, belonging to the suitors of the said court oj' chancery, a sum not exceeding eighty thousand pounds Should and might, by virtue of any order or orders of the said court to be made for that purpose from time to time, be placed out in one entire sum, or in pareels, on such government or parliamentary securities as in and by such order or orders Should be directed; to the intent that the interest and annual produce, arising from the money fio to be placed out as aforesaid, might be applied for the purposes therein after mentioned: and it was thereby further enacted, That the interest and annual produce arising from the said securities Should, from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank England, and placed to the credit of an account, to be raised in the books kept therefore the suitors of the said court of interest arising from money placed out in pursuance of that act; and that out of such interest and annual produce there Should be paid by half yearly payments, by the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or ordtrs of the court of chancery to be made for that purpose, the annual Junt of two hundred pounds to each and every of the eleven of the masters in ordinary of the said court of chancery, free from parliamentary taxes 3 and that, the refidile of the inter ejl and annual produce arising from the said securities, Should be accounted for and taken as part of the common and general cash of and belonging to the suitors of the said court cf chancery, and Should be issued and appliedpurjuant and according to the directions contained in the said act of parliament of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First: and whereas by an act of parliament, made and passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to impowet the high court9 Geo. 3. C jj>. of chancery to lay out, upon government securities, a further sum of money, not exceeding a sum therein limited, out of the common and general cash in the bank of England belonging to the suitors of the said court; and to apply the interest arising therefrom towards answering the charges of the office of the account

O # O

ant general of the said court, it ivas enacted, That, out of the cash that then lay or Should thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the bank England, belonging to the Juitors of the court of chancery, a sum not exceeding twenty thousand pounds Should and might, by virtue of any order or orders of the said court to be made for that purpose, from Tune to time, be placed out in one entire sum, or in pareels, in such government or parliamentary securities as in and by such order or orders fimild be directed, to the intent that the inter ejl and annual product arising from the money so to be placed out as aforesaid, might be

Q 0 2 applied

55° Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 42. [1792.

applied for the purposes therein after mentioned: and it was thereby further enacted, That the intereji and annual produce arising from the said securities shouldy from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank England, and placed to the credit of the same account which was raised in the books kept there, for the suitors of the said courts by virtue of the said recited act of parliament of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, of interest arising from money placed out in pursuance of that act; and that out of such interest and annual produce, there Should be paid, by quarterly payments, the annual fun of four hundred and sixty pounds, which payment Should be made by the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or orders of the court of chancery to be made for that purpose; To the accountant general of the court of chancery the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds; to his frfl clerk, the sum of fifty pounds; to his second clerk, the sum of forty pounds; and to his fourth clerk, the sum of one hundred and twenty pounds; and that the residue of the interest and annual produce arising from the said securities fi)oidd be accounted for as there in after is mentioned: and it was thereby further enacted, That the surplus interest that had arisen and Should or might arise from the securities, purchased and to be purchased in pursuance of the said herein before recited acts of parliament, and of the now reciting aft, together with the interest that Should be produced from the securities to be purchased with such surplus interest, Should or might by any order or orders of the said court of chancery to be made for that purpose, from time to time, be placed out on government securities, and that the interest or annual produce arising frojn the said securities Should, from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank of England, and so much thereof as Should arise from securities to hi purchased with the surplus interest, produced and to be produced from securities purchased in pursuance of the said acts of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and of the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and to be purchased in pursuance of the now reciting aft, Should be placed to the credit of an account, to be raised in the books kept at phe bank for the suitors of the said court of securities purchased with the surplus money placed to the account of interest arising from moneys placed out in pursuance of an act of parliament, pafifed in the twelfth year of his late majesty King George the Second: and so much thereof as Should arise from securities to be purchased with the surplus interest produced and to be produced from securities purchased in pursuance of the said act of the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, 'Should be placed to the credit of an account, to be raised in the said books kepi in the bank, of securit ies purchased with the surplus money placed to the account of in iercjl arising from moneys placed out in pursuance of an act of parliament passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty: whereas by an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his 14Cec. 3x.43. present Majesty, intituled An act for rebuilding the office of the six clerks of the king's court of chancery; and for erecting offices for the register and accountant general of the said court, for the better prefer ving the records decrees, orders, and books, of

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 42. 551

of account kept in such offices, it was enacted, That out of the cash belonging to the suitors of the said court of chancery, which then lay or Should thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the bank of England, a sum not exceeding fifty thousand pounds Should and might, by virtue of any order or orders of the said court to be made for that purpose, from time to time be placed out in one entire sum, or in pareels, on such government or parliamentary securities as in and by such orders Should be directed, to the intent that the interest and annual produce arising from the money so to be placed out might be applied for the purposes therein after mentioned: and it was thereby further enacted (among other things) That, out of - the securities purchased with the surplus money placed to the accoiotf'jf interest arising from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said atfiff the twelfth year of his late majesty King George the Second, andlfut of the interef produced and to be pro duced from such securities, and also out of the securities purchased with the surplus money, placed to the account of interest arising fro?n mottles placed out in pursuance of the said act of the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and out of the interef produced and to be produced from such securities, and out of the surplus interef which Should arise or be produced from securities purchased in pursuance of the said several alls of the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and of the fourth, fifth, and ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and out of the interef which Should arise or be produced from securities to be purchased in pursuance of the said al of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, such fun or sums of money as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Great Britain for the time being Should, in his and their discretion, deem necessary, Should be paid by virtue of any order or orders of the said court, and be applied, under the direct tien of the said court, in the first place, in paying and defraying the charges and expenses attending the passing and obtaining of that all, and then in rebuilding the said office called The Six Clerks Office, with the offices belonging thereto, and in purchasing ground and houses for that purpose, if any Should Ee deemed necessary by the said court, and in providing a proper place for trunfailing the bufness of the said six clerks office during the time such ofee Should be rebuilding, and the sum often thou fund pounds in erecting proper and convenient offices for the said register and accountant general of the said court, separate and detached from each other, and in purchasing such ground andhouses asfoould be necessary for those purposes, and for preserving the ancient books of entries of decrees and orders of the said court: and whereas by an all, passed in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, intituled, '

all affor vehing pare of the garden of the society of Lincoln's 15geo.3*0.23. Inn, in the county of Middlesex, in the accountant general of the court of chancery, and his successors, for ever, for the purpose of erecting thereon offices for the accountant general and for the register of the said court, it was enabled. That the charges and expenses attending the passing and obtaining that all Should be paid and defrayed out of the same funds, and in like manner as the charges and expenses attending the passing and obtaining the said all of the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty are di veiled to be paid:

55a Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 42. [1792.

and whereas by an act passed in the said fifteenth year of his present jigeo.3. c. 56. Majesty, intituled An act for applying the funds provided for rebuilding the ojfices of the six clerks of the king's court of chancery, by an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for rebuilding the office of the six clerks of the King's court of chancery \ and for erecting offices for the register and accountant general of the said court, for the better preserving the records, decrees, orders, and books of account kept in such offices \ in building offices for the said six clerks in the garden of lincoln's Inn, instead of rebuilding the present six clerks office in Chancery Laneand for other purposes; it is enacted, That out of the securities purchased with the fur plus money mentioned in the said there'ni recited act, of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, and out of the interest produced and to be produced from such securities, and out of thefurplus inter ejl produced or to be produced from securities purchased in pursuance of the several ctfts, in the said act of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty mentioned and out of the inter ejl produced) or to be produced, from securities purchased in pursuance of the said act of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, such sum and sums of ?ioney as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commis fipners for the custody of the great seal of Great Britain for the time being, Should in his and their discretion deem necessary to be paid, by virtue of any order or orders of the said court, and be applied under the direction of the said court, in paying and defraying the charges and expenses attending the passing and obtaining of the said act of the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, and in purchasing the said ground belonging to the society ^. lincoln's Inn, therein before mentioned and described, and in building thereon an office for the said six clerks cmd the offices thereto belonging, as well as in carrying into execution the purposes of the said act of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, except so much thereof as related to the re building the said six clerks office, in the place where the same then 17 eo.and except so far as the said act of the fourteenth year of his present Majesty is ihereby altered or varied: and whereas by an act of parliament, made and passed in the event eenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to repeal an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of king charles the Second, intituled, The ma jler of the rolls empowered to make leases for years, in order to new build the old houses belonging to the rods.', and for the Tetter, regur lating the method of granting leaf's of the said rolls cjlate for the future; andfgr making compensation to there earl of Macclesfield and sir Thomas Sewell for their beneficial rights and inter ejl in pertain leases made of the rolls cjlate % and for regulating the method of making leases of the said ejl ate for the future; it is enacted That out of the cash belonging to the suitors of the said court of chancery, which then lay or Should thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the lank of England, there Should be paid, by virtue of 'an order or orders of the said court of chancery, to be made for, that pur pojje, such sum of money as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords pomm iffimers for the custody

i Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 42. 553

of the great seal of Great Britain, for the time beings Should, in his or their discretion deem necessary, and be applied under the direction of the said court, in paying and defraying the charges and expenses of and attending the passing and obtaining of that act; and that out of the said cash belonging to the said suitors of the said court of chancery ivhick then lay or Should thereafter lie dead and unemployed in the bant England, there Should be paid, by virtue of an order or orders of the said court of chancery to be made for that purpose, to the right honourable the J'aid earl Macclesfield, his executors or administrators, the sum of eight thousand four hundred cind forty-nine pounds seven Billings and nine pence halfpenny; and to the said sir Thomas Sewell, his executors or administrators, the sum of twelve thouj'and five hundred and eighty pounds three Billings and one penny: and it was, by the said act nova reciting of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, further enacted, That from and after the time when the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Great Britain, Should deem the purpose s of the said acts, of the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his present Majesty, to have been fully satisfied, the surplus interest arising, and which Should arise from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said act of the twelfth year of his late majesty King George the Second, and the surplus interest arifng, and which shoidd arise from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said act of the fifth year of his present Majesty, and the interest arising and which Should arise from moneys placed out in pursuance of the said act of the fourteenth yedr of his present Majesty, Should and might, by an order or orders of the said court of chancery to be made for that purpose, be appropriated and applied in and to the raising and discharging of the said sums of eight thousand four hundred and forty-nine pounds seven billings and nine pence halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred and eighty pounds three Billings and one penny, and of such sum or sums of money as Should be paid and applied in paying and defraying the charges and expenses of, and attending the passing and obtaining of the said now reciting act of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty as aforesaid, until the same Should be Jiilly raiseel, made up, and completed: and whereas the money paid out of the common and general cash of the suitors of the said court of chancery, for the purpose of defraying the charges and expenses of the said act of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, and the said sums of eight thousand four hundred and forty-nine pounds seven sin I lings and nine pence halfpenny, and twelve thousand five hundred and eighty pounds three Billings and one penny, pursuant to the directions of the said last mentioned act, amount in the whole to the sum of twenty one thousand two hundred and ninety five pounds thirteen Billings and twopence: and whereas the sum of seventeen thousand three hundred and forty-nine pounds sixteen Billings and seven pence hath accumulated from the surplus interest and dividends of the said fevered sums of money laid out pursuant to the said several acts of parliament towards reimbursing the said sum of twenty-one thousand two hundred and ninety jive pounds thirteen findings and twopence, so paid out of the common and general cash of the suitors of the said court of chancery, y,der and by virtue of the dir eft ions of the said act of the seventeenth

Q o 4. year

year of his present Mayefly, and is now. in the hands of the bank of 'England: and whereas, the money and effects belonging to the suitors of the said county under the care and dire diion of the aid accountant general, have of late, years greatly tncreased, by reason whereof the necessary business of the said office is grown so extensive and laborious, that the provisions ? made by the said several adds relating to the said office of the accountant general, are become inadequate to the attendance, trouble, and importance of the said office, and infuff cient to answer the charges attending the execution thereof: and whereas the masters in ordinary in chancery, and the secretaries of bankrupts and lunatics, have hitherto transacted and now transact their business in chambers or offices dispersed in different places, and which are j?iall 'and inconvenient, andfiibjeft to great danger from fire, and in which there are not any repositories wherein the deeds, papers, and writings belonging to the suitors of the said court of chancery can be deposited with security from fire, and the public office of the court of chancery is also inconvenient and subject to great danger from fire: and whereas no provision is yet made for the expense of repairing the offices of the regiff ter, or the accountant general, or for injuring the same buildings from fire: and whereas a further sum of money is wanted for providing salaries for additional clerks, and additional salaries for the present clerks in the office of the said accountant genre al, and for the purpose of building proper offices for the masters in ordinary in chancery, and a public office for the suitors of the said court, and offices for the secretaries of bankrupts and lunatics, and repositories for the deeds, papers, and writings delivered and to be delivered to them reffectively in the course of their respective business, and for the purpose of making a provision sir the repairs and insurance of the said offices of the accountant general and the register, and of the other offices to he built pursuant to this act: and whereas, from many years experience, it hath been found that there always hath been, and there now is, a very large sum of money belonging to i the suitors of the said court of chancery which lies dead and unemployed in the bank beyond the demands of the suitors; be it en > by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That out of the common and general cash belonging to the suitors of the said court of chancery, which now lies or shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the bank of England, a sum not exceeding three hundred thousand pounds shall and may, by virtue of any order or orders of the said court to be made for

300, 0001. of, calli unemployed in the bank belonging to suitors in chancery,

may be placed purpose, from time to time, be placed out in one entire

vernment* sum, or in pareels, in the name of the accountant general of the securities, See. high court of chancery, according to the general rules and orders of the said court, on such government or parliamentary securities as in and by such order or orders shall be directed, and shall be carried to an account of moneys placed out for the benefit and better security of the suitors of the high court of chancery, 'to the intent that the interest and annual produce arising from

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 42. 555

the money so to be placed out may be applied for the purposes herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That the interest and dividends Interest of of all the securities to be purchased under the authority of this

aft, shall, from time to time, be received by the governor and received by company of the bank of England, in the same manner they now the bank, receive the interest and dividends of the securities purchased pursuant to the several acts herein before mentioned, and shall be carried to an account to be raised of interest arising from moneys placed out for the benefit and better security of the fuitbrs of the high court of chancery.

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the interest and and applied to dividends of the said securities to be purchased under the authority

of this act, the several payments and salaries herein after men purposes. tioned shall be paid by the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of an order or orders of the court of chancery to be made for that purpose; (videlicet), First, the expense incurred and to be incurred in preparing and passing this act of parliament, and then the yearly sum of one hundred and twenty pounds to the said accountant general's fifth clerk, and the yearly sum of one hundred and twenty pounds to his sixth clerk, and the yearly furn of one hundred pounds to his seventh clerk, and the yearly sum of one hundred pounds as an additional salary to the said accountant generals first clerk, the yearly sum of one hundred and forty pounds as an additional salary to his second clerk, the yearly sum of eighty pounds as an additional salary to his third clerk, and the yearly sum of thirty pounds as an additional salary to his fourth clerk; and which salaries and additional salaries shall commence from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and shall be paid at the same times, and in the same manner, as the present salaries of the said accountant general and his present clerks are paid, and shall be free from all taxes whatsoever; and then such sum or funas of money, not exceeding the sum of thirty thousand pounds, as the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commissioners for the custody of the great leal of Great Britain, for the time being, shall by any order or orders of the court of chancery direct to be applied in purchasing ground for, and in building and completing the offices and repositories herein after directed to be built and com pleated, as herein after is mentioned, and in paying the other expenses relating to the execution of this act, not otherwise provided for; and such further sum and Sums of money, either yearly or in gross, as shall be necessary for keeping the same offices and repositories in repair, and also in repairing, and keeping in repair, the said offices of the register and accountant general, and for infur in g and keeping all the said offices and repositories infused from fire, as herein after is mentioned. 1 By order of

I V And be it further enacted, That, under the direction of the court of the lord high chancellor oi Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or chancery, of the lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Great or Britain, for the time being, by any order or orders of the court chancery' Sec.

ot to be erededj

and kept In repair.

Matters in chancery to be assessed to the land tax in the liberty of the rolls, though the offices thonld be built out of the liberty.

Bodies politic, C may sell houses, CC for the purposes of this

of chancery, to be made for that spurpose, proper and conve i nient offices for the said masters in ordinary in chancery, and their clerks, and for the said secretaries of bankrupts and luna ticks, and their clerks, and safe and secure repositories for the deeds, books, papers, and writings of and belonging to the suitors of the said court, delivered, or to he delivered, to the said masters in ordinary in chancery, and the records, proceedings, deeds, books, papers, and writings delivered, or to be delivered, to, or left in the custody of the said secretaries of bankrupts and lunatics respectively, together with a public office for the suitors of the said court of chancery, in the stead or place of the present public office, shall be built and made fit for the reception of the said masters and secretaries, and the transaction of their respective business therein; and that for these purposes a proper piece of ground shall be purchased, and such houses or buildings as may be upon such ground, and that the ground and houses so to be purchased shall be, from time to time, conveyed to, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in his majesty, his heirs and successors, for the purposes of this ah

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or the lord keeper, or the lords commissiorlers for the custody of the great seal of Great Britain Sox the time being, from time to time, by any order of the said high court of chancery, to apply such sum or sums of money as shall he necessary in keeping the said offices and repositories so to be built and completed as aforesaid, and the offices of the register and accountant general, in good and sufficient repair, and in insuring the same premises respectively from damage by fire

VI. And be it enacted, That if the said offices or chambers to be built and completed, shall be built out of the liberty of the rolls wherein the masters in ordinary in chancery are now rated, taxed, and aflfeftfed, for the payment of the land tax, yet they, the said masters in ordinary in chancery, shall continue to be taxed, rated, and aftested, for the payment of the land tax within the liberty of the rolls only, and shall not be taxed, rated, or aftested, for the said tax within any other division, parish, or place, and that such taxes shall be recoverable in the same manner, and by the same persons and officers, and no other, and by the same means, in every respect, as if the offices or chambers, to be built in pursuance of this act were situate within the local limits of the jurisdiction of the person or persons who are or shall be authorised to enforce the payment of the land tax within the said liberty.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, and for all executors or administrators, husbands, guardians, committees, and other trustees whatsoever, for and on behalf of ffiemselyes, their heirs and successors, and also for tenants for life of eliates in settle men t, if of age, other than femes covert, apd. for the guardians of such tenants for life as

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 42. 557

may be infants, and the husbands of such tenants for life as may be femes covert, for and on behalf of themselves, and all infants, issue unborn, lunatics, idiots, femes covert, or under any other disability, and also for all persons who are or shall be seized or possessed of, or interested in, any houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges which may becon venient for the fcite of, or for a way to the offices and repositories to be built in pursuance of this act, to treat, contract, and agree for the sale of all and every such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, for the purposes aforesaid; and to grant, sell and convey the same for the purposes aforesaid: and that all contracts, agreements, sales and conveyances, which shall be so made, shall be valid to ah intents and purposes, any law, Statute, usage, settlement, will, custom, or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: and all bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, trustees, executors, administrators, husbands, guardians, committees, and all other persons whomsoever are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they hall do by virtue or in pursuance of this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money Directions for which shall be so agreed to be paid for the purchase of any houses, the tiuposal buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privi ^0^rc0£ e leges, which shall belong to any coporation foie, infant, lunatic, lands, C same covert, or shall be a trust estate, or limited in strict settle belonging to ment, shall, in case such sum or sums of money respectively shall corporations, amount to or exceed the sum of two hundred pounds, be laid out cas soon as conveniently may be, with the consent of the said court of chancery (upon a petition to be for that purpose presented in a summary way), in the purchase of other lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled in lieu of the lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, or privileges, which may be sold as aforesaid; that the charges of such conveyances and settlements, and the petitions for that purpose, shall be paid in the same manner as the other expenses relating to the building the said offices and repositories are hereby directed to be paid; and in the mean time, and until such purchase or purchases shall be made, and in cases where the purchase money shall not amount to the said sum of two hundred pounds, the money agreed tcf*be paid for such purchases respectively as aforesaid shall be laid out in some government securities, in the name and with the privity of the accountant general of the court of chancery, according to the general rules and orders of the said court, and without fee or reward; and the interest and dividends, arising upon such securities, shall from time to time be paid to such person or persons respectively as would have been entitled to the rents and profits of the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, easements, and privileges, which may be sold for the purposes aforesaid, in case the same had not been sold V and in cases where the '

purchase money shall not amount to the said fmtv of two hundred pounds such morey shall belong absolutely to the person or persons

As soon as the 21*4951. 53s. ad. to tie paid pur fuantto 17 Geo. 3. c. 59. shall be replaced, the tec uri ties pvirchafed un former atls, and to be purchased binder this act, to make me aggregate fraud.

Surplus of interest to be placed out on government

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 47. [1792.

who would have been able, by fine, recovery, or otherwise, to have acquired the absolute dominion over, or property of or in, and to have disposed of hereditaments which may be sold for the purposes aforesaid, in case such hereditaments had not been sold; and the security or securities wherein such money shall be in veiled shall be transferred to the person or persons to whom such money shall belong, upon a petition to be presented for that purpose to the said court of chancery, in a summary way, the expence of which shall be paid in the same manner as the expenses of building the said offices and repositories are hereby directed to be paid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said sum of twenty-one thousand two hundred and ninety five pounds thirteen Shillings and twopence, herein before mentioned to have been paid out of the common and general cash of the suitors of the court of chancery, pursuant to the said act of the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, shall be replaced, all the securities purchased pursuant to the several acts of parliament herein before mentioned, or any of them, shall be transferred to the account herein before directed to be raised for moneys placed out for the better security and benefit of the suitors of the high court of chancery, and shall make one aggregate fund, with the securities to be purchased pursuant to this act, and to be placed to that account: and if there shall be any surplus interests, or dividends, of the securities so to be transferred to the said last mentioned account, after the said sum of twenty-one thousand two hundred and ninety five pounds thirteen shillings and twopence, and the several salaries payable out of the said last mentioned interest and dividends, up to the time of such transfer as aforesaid being made, then such surplus shall be carried to the account, herein before directed to be raised, of interest arising from moneys placed out for the benefit and better security of the suitors of the high court of chancery, and shall make an aggregate fund, with the interest and dividends to arise from the securities to be purchased pursuant to this act, and that then the present salaries of the said accountant general, and of the four clerks for whom salaries are provided by the several acts of parliament herein before mentioned, relating to the said office of the accountant general, and the fa latfes provided by the said act of the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the mailers in ordinary in chancery, and also the several salaries and payments by this act directed or au thcrifed to be made, shall be paid out of the aggregate fund of money, placed to the account of interest arising from moneys placed out for the benefit and better security of the suitors of the high court of chancery, in the same manner, and at the same times as such payments respectively are now made, or are hereby directed or authorised to be made.

X. And be it further enacted, That the surplus interest and annual produce which shall arise from the money placed out, or to be placedout on securities, pursuant to the several adds of par

securities, and lament abovementioned pr referred tq> and pursuant to this

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 43. 559

present act, and which are to be carried to the account of mo applied to hies placed out for the benefit and better security of the suitors Answer the of the high court of chancery, beyond what shall be sufficient fetors if ° to answer the purposes of this act, and of the said former acts, neseflary. and also the interest which shall be produced from the securities to be purchased with such surplus interest, shall from time to time be placed out on government or parliamentary securities, and shall be placed to the credit of an account to be raised of securities purchased, with the surplus interest arising from the securities carried to the said account of moneys placed out for the benefit and better security of the suitors of the high court of chancery - and which fund shall be applied to answer the demands of the said suitors of the said court of chancery, in case it hall at any time be necessary to call in any of the money of the said suitors, which hath been or may be placed out on securities.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law Securities may full to and for the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or lord be changed, keeper, or lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal

of Great Britain, for the time being, by any order or orders of the said court of chancery, to change the security or securities, or any part of the securities purchased pursuant to the several acts of parliament herein before mentioned, or to be purchased pursuant to this act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared,

That if, at any time hereafter, the whole or any part of the said The money money, placed out pursuant to the said several recited acts, or {^de^this or any of them, or hereby directed or authorised to be placed out as former as aforesaid, hall be wanted to answer any of the demands of the if wanted to suitors of the said court of chancery, then, and in such case, the answer de said court may and hall direct the same, or any part thereof, to be called in, or the securities in which the same shall be placed to >oe canod in be disposed of, in order that the suitors of the said court may at all times be paid their respective demands out of the common and general cacti belonging to such suitors.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar \ for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into ihe Bahama and Bermuda islands, in foreign ships.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the drawback now allowed on the exportation of sugar of the British plantations from this kingdom, and the bounty now payable on the exportation of refined sugar, produced from Muscovado sugar imported from the said plantations Should cease whenever the price of such Muscovado sugar in this kingdom shall exceed the rates herein after mentioned: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

a Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 43; [1792.

in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority If it shall ap of the same. That if it shall appear by notice in the London Ga Tices m"the" % ette n manner hereafter directed, on the Saturday next follow

Gazette at n f°urtn Wednesday in the month of July one thousand'

the periods seven hundred and ninety-two, that the average price of brown

herein men or Muscovado sugar, exclusive of the duty of customs paid or thctavera15e" payable thereon on the importation thereof into Great Britain price of Muf (such average price to be made up and taken in manner herein covado sugar, after mentioned) shall exceed sixty billings for an hundred

exclusive of weight thereof; and if it shall in like manner appear on the Sa

customj ftrll iurc^ay next following the third wednesday in October one thou' exceed the*fard seven hundred and ninety-two, that stich average price shall rates herein exceed fifty-five Shillings for an hundred weight; and if it shall specified, the in the like manner appear on the Saturday next following the third thereon^nd w'ednesday in the months of February, June, and October refipec the bounty on lively, in every succeeding year, that such average price shall ex refined sugar ceed fifty billings for an hundred weight, then and in every such produced case the drawback now allowed, or which hereafter may be al cease until'to ^owec^ on exportation from this kingdom, of sugar of the British new average plantations, shall from thenceforth cease to be allowed and paid oh prices shall any sugar which shall be exported thenceforth after the end of one have been no day from the port of London, and after the end of three days from gazette^ex any ot^er port t^iat Part of Great Britain called England, and cept such*the end of five days from any port in that part of Great bri sugar shall tain called Scotland respectively, until the second, fourth, and sixth be exported days respectively after new average prices shall have been made or some UP anc corapute^ upon the six last weekly returns, and notifi other part of ed ln the London Gazette in manner herein directed; and the the British do bounty now payable or which may hereafter be payable on minions. the exportation' from this kingdom of refined sugar produced from Muscovado sugar imported from his majesty's plantations in America, shall cease to be allowed and paid on any such refined sugar which shall be exported thenceforth after the end of twenty-nine days from the port of London, and after the end of thirty-one days from any other port in that part of Great Britain called England, and after the end of thirty-three days' from any port in that part of Great Britain called Scotland respectively, until the thirtieth, thirty second, and thirty fourth days respectively, after new average prices shall have been made up and computed upon the six last weekly returns, and notified in the London Gazette in manner herein directed, except such sugar shall be exported to Ireland, or to some other part of the British dominions.

Drawback to be allowed in cases where sugar is begun to be slipped when the price is under, the sum at which the drawback and

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person shall have entered outwards any such sugar, and shall have begun to ship or lade the same oh board during the time that the price of sugar, taken and notified in the manner herein directed, shall be under the sum at which the drawback - and bounty shall cease to be allowed and paid on the exportation of such sugar at any of the aforesaid ports respectively, such perforv shall be allowed to export, and to receive the drawback for the

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 43. 561

sugar actually shipped ror laden on board for exportation, al bounty ceases, though the price of sugar may have risen to the sum at which the drawback and bounty shall cease to be allowed and paid on tjiat the exportation thereof, after such person shall have begun to before the hip the same, and before the exportation thereof, proof in such exportation, case being made by the exporter upon the debenture, that the said sugar was really and bona fide shipped or laden on board.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, When the whenever the drawback or bounty on sugar shall not be allowed, drawback according to the provisions of this act shall not be lawful to ex ^u^otbc port to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey Alderney, Sark, or Man., du allowed no ring any four months in which such drawback shall not be allowed, more than the any greater quantity of brown or Muscovado sugar than sixty hun quantities of dred weight to Guernsey, sixty hundred weight to Jersey, ten hun fufcifiecirftall dred weight to Alderney and Sark, and forty hundred weight to the^exported to isle of Man; and that whenever. the bounty on sugar shall not be Guernsey, allowed according to the provisions of this acts, it shall not be lawful to export to the said islands, during any four months in which such bounty shall not be allowed, any greater quantity of refined sugar than two hundred hundred weight to Guernsey, two hundred hundred weight to Jersey, thirty-three hundred weight to Alderney and Sark, and one hundred hundred weight to the isle of Man.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the prices of such brown or Muscovado sugar shall, from ^j^ovado time to time, be ascertained and taken in manner herein after sugar to be mentioned; (that is to say) Every importer or importers of such ascertained in sugar within; the city of London, or the bills of mortality, who the manner shall, after the tenth day of June one thousand seven hundred me " and ninety-two, by himself or themselves, his, or their sworn 1 t broker, or any other agent, acting in his or their behalf, buy or sell any such brown or Muscovado sugar, shall and is hereby required, by himself or themselves, his or their sworn broker, or any other agent acting in his or their behalf, to deliver in upon oath, before the lord mayor, or any of the aldermen of the said city of London, (which oath the said lord mayor or aldermen are hereby respectively authorised to administer) to the clerk of the grocers company now and for the time being, on or before ived ttefday in every week, a true account of the quantities of such brown or Muscovado sugar, bought or sold by him or them, his, her, or their sworn broker, or any other agent acting in his or their behalf in the preceding week, specifying the name of the ship in which such sugar was imported, and the name of the captain of such hip, and also the marks and packages, and the sum*total of the net landing weights of such sugar, as far as the same can: bq made out, and the price paid for each quantity reflectively; and the said clerk of the grocers company shall, and he is hereby required to compute and make up in every week, from the accounts so delivered to him of the said quantities and prices of such sugar bought or sold by the said importer or importers, his or their sworn broker, or any other agent acting in his or their'

5*?2 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 43. [1792.

behalf in the week immediately preceding, the average price of fitch sugar, and shall cause such average price to be published every Saturday in the London Gazette; and the said clerk of the grocers company shall, and he is hereby required to compute and make up, on the fourth avednesday in the month of July, and on the third jvednejday in the month of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and on the third Wednesday in the months of February, June and October, in every succeeding year, from the accounts so delivered to him, of the quantities and prices of such sugar so bought or sold in the six weeks immediately preceding, the average price of such sugar, during the said six weeks; and the said clerk of the grocers company shall, and he is hereby required to cause the average price of such sugar, during the said six weeks, taken in the maimer herein before mentioned,

Clerk of the grocers company to cause the average

ierted in the Gazette;

to published on t\iz Saturday immediately following the wed nesday on which he is directed to compute and make up the said average price in the London Gazette; and such average price shall be deemed and taken to be the price of brown or Muscovado sugar for the purpose of regulating the allowing of the drawback on the exportation of sugar of the British plantations, and the payment of the bounty on the exportation of refined sugar, produced from Muscovado sugar imported from his majesty's plantations in America, for the several periods respectively in the manner hereinbefore di reefed.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a register or book shall be kept by the said clerk of the grocers company, containing all the accounts so received by hhn, from

received from time to time, from the importer or importers, his or their ftyom broker, or any other agent acting in his or their behalf, and of the average prices by him computed and made up from the same, which register or book shall and may at convenient times be inspect ed by any person or persons whatever, upon paying the see of one shilling and no more for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the lord high treasurer, or the lords of of his majesty's

and to keep a book containing the accounts

importers, See.

Treasury may appoint an al

nee to the treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to ap dh point for the said clerk of the grocers company such salary and allowance

as shall be deemed by them to be proper and sufficient compensation for his time and trouble in executing the said office of receiving the accounts of the quantities and prices of sugar, and making the computation herein before directed; and if the said clerk of the grocers company shall neglect to do and perform what he is required by this act to do and perform he shall forfeit and pay for every such neglect the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no ef foin, protection, wager of law, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any importer or im porrer5b or any sworn broker, or other agent actifrg. in his or deliver inac behalf, shall refuse or neglect to deliver in upon oath a.

counts as re true account of the quantities, of brown and Muscovado sugar

50l. penalty on clerk for neglect.

Penalty on

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 43. 563

by him bought or sold, specifying the name of the hip in which guired by this such sugar was imported, and the name of the captain of such UP0U ship, and also the marks and packages, and the sum total of the net landing weights of such sugar, as far as the same can be made out, and the price paid for each quantity respectively, as herein before required, he, they, or any or them, being the actual buyer or seller of such sugar, hall forfeit and pay for every cask of sugar, for which he or they hail so refuse or neglect to deliver in an account, the sum of forty billings, to any one who will prosecute and sue for the same, to be recovered before the lord mayor, or any aldermen of the said city, on the oath of any one or more credible witness.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid;

That before any brown or Muscovado sugar shall be exported on Exporters and drawback, or any refined sugar shall be exported on bounty, from to eii

Great Britain, for Ireland, or any aether part of the British domi for the cjlie nions, according to the provisions of this act, the exporter or exportation of exporters thereof ball become bound to his Majesty, his heirs sugar and successors, in a bond, together 'with the master or person having or taking the charge or command of the hip or vessel in which such sugars respectively arc intended to be exported, and also with one sufficient surety, to be approved by the collector and comptroller of the customs at the port of exportation, in treble the value thereof, with condition that the said sugars respectively so exported shall be landed at the respective ports or places for which the same shall have been entered, and hall not be felanded in any part of this kingdom, nor be landed or sold in the Isle of Man, or landed or sold in the islands of gucrn fey, ferfey, Alderney, or Sark, unless exported for the said islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, respectively, under the provisions and regulations of this at; and such bond shall be Kow such discharged in the manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say)

for such of the said sugars respectively as shall be entered for or landed in the kingdom of Ireland, or any part of Europe, the condition of the bond hail be to bring a certificate in discharge thereof within six months from the date of the bond; and for such of the said sugars respectively as shall be entered for or landed in any part of Africa, and on this side the Cape of Good Hope, or in any part of America, within eighteen months from the date of the bond; and for such of the said sugars respedii vely as shall be entered for or landed at Saint Helena, or in any port or place at or beyond the Caps of Good Hope, within thirty months after the date of the bond: which said certificate, for such of the said sugars respectively as shall be landed in any port or place of Ireland, or any other part of his majesty's dominions, plantations, or settlements, where any officer of his ma jeffy's cuiloms shall be resident, hall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his majesty's customs there, certifying that such sugars respectively were there landed; and for want of such officer residing the re, it shall then be signed by the governor of such islands, dominions, plantations, or settlements, or, in is

564 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 43. [1792.

absence, by the deputy governor thereof respectively; and in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, it shall in alt cases be signed by the governor or deputy governor thereof, as well as by the proper officer or officers of his majesty's customs, and such bond may also be discharged, upon proof made to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively for the time being,that such sugars reflectively were taken by enemies, or perished in the Teas.

IX. Provided always and be it further enacted by the au no drawback thority aforesaid, That no drawback or bounty shall be paid or or bounty to allowed for or upon any of the said sugars respectively exported, fu ar export" accort^ng to the provisions of this act, from this kingdom to ire ecfto Ireland, landy or to the said islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and or Guernsey, Man respectively, nor any debenture made out for such draw, C until a back or bounty until a certificate shall be produced under the °ro^ducecl o bands and ieals of the collector, comptroller, and surveyor of its being the customs, or any two of them, belonging to such port iti landed, Irelandr, or from the register of certificates, or other chief officer of the customs, in the said islands of Guernsey, Jersey, alder ney, Sark, and Man respectively, where the said sugar shall have been landed, certifying that the same has been landed there; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And whereas by an at57, made in the twelfth year of the reign i^Geo.s C 30, of King George the Second., intituled An act for granting a hand berty to carry sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture

of any of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, from the said colonies directly to foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; it is, among other things, enabled, That it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's subjects, in any slip or vessel built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law, and belonging to any of his Majesty's subjects, whereof the major part shall be residing in Great Britain, or in same of his majesty s sugar colonies in America, that shall clear outwards in any port of Great Britain, for any of the said colonies, to ship, or load, in the said colonies, or any of them, any sugars of the growth and produce of the said colonies, or any of them, and to carry the same from thence to any foreign part of Europe, provided a licence be first taken out for that purpose, < under the hands of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs at London, or Edinburgh, cr any three or more of them respectively, subject to the regulations, and on the conditions therein after mentioned: and whereas, by another asl, passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of King George. 25geo.a. c. 33. the Second, intituled An act to revive several acts for the punish recited. ment of persons destroying turnpikes or locks, or other works erecfed by authority of parliament, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and to continue several acts relating to rice, to frauds in the customs, to the clandestine. running of goods, and to copper ore of the Briiife plantation's; and for extending the liberty given by the act of the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for carrying sugar, of the growth of the britijjy sugar colonies in America to ships belonging to any of his

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 4^ 565

Majesty's subjects rending in Great Britain, 2nd navigated according to lav; and for the more effectual preventing the cutting of star or bent; itis, amongst aether things, enabled, "That it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's subjects, in any Jhifi or vessel built in Great Britain, or belonging to any of his ada jesty s fibjects residing in Great Britain, and navigated according to law, to ship or load, in any of his Majesty's fngar colonies in America, any sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the fuel colonies, or any of them, and to carry the same from thence in any fitcb ships or veff.h to any foreign parts of Em opt, subject nevertheless to all such rules, entries, securities, refiridtions, regulations, limitations, penalties and forfeitures, as are in and by the said act of the tivclfth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, for that purpose particularly appointed and enabled: be it enacted, That whenever the When draw drawback shall have^ceaied to be allowed or paid as herein before provided, it shall not be lawful for the of of the cuf limler 0

r t 7 rr 7rn'i t lbc provlllons1

toms at London or Edinburgh respectively to make out or grant any or this act, such licence by virtue of the said acts, until new average prices the cormnif shall be made up and computed upon the six last weekly returns, sioners of the and published in the London Gazette in manner herein directed; to^rant am' and that whenever it shall appear by the London Gazette to the licence by of of his adajeffy's customs in England and Scotland virtue of the respectively, that the lash average weekly price shall have exceed recited acts ed the sum at which, according to the provisions of this act, the drawback or bounty on the exportation of sugar would cease at shall be pub the periods herein before mentioned, it shall not in any case be lished in the lawful for the said of respectively to grant any such Gazette, C licence, at any time during the course of the week next ensuing; and that if any such licence as aforesaid, made out or granted by virtue of the said acts, hull not be delivered for the purposes directed in the said acts to the collector of the port in some of his majesty's colonies at which such ship is to take in her lacting, within sixty days from the date of such licence, the same shall be void and of no effect, and it shall not be lawful by virtue thereof for the collector, comptroller, or naval officer of such port, to endorse any certificate on such licence, or for any person or persons to ship and load any sugar, and carry the same to any foreign part in Europe, anything in the said acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Sugar and That sugar and coffee, not of the British plantations, when imported into Great Britain in British built ships, owned, registered, plantations, and navigated according to law, from any country or place not may be im in Europe, shall and may, upon the importation thereof into the ported in ports of London, Brifol, Liverpool, Lancaster, Glasgow, and Leith, or any or either of them, upon being duly entered, be forthwith land ports of lon ed from on board the ship or vessel in which the same shall be so don, con imported, in the presence off the proper officer or officers of the the condition ctilioms at the port in which the same shall be lb imported, with cut payment of any duty whatever, provided that an exact ac payment of count be taken of the weight thereof, and entered in a book to duty

and may be exported dire <fiiy from Warehouses duty free; but if taken

Sugar and oof see, th produce of any foreign country, may be

; 65 nnoregni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 43. [1792.

be kept for that purpose by the proper officer of the customs at the said port, and that the same hall upon landing be immediately lodged and secured, under the joint locks of his Majesty and the importer or proprietor thereof, in such warehouses as shall be fit for that purpose, to be provided at the foie expense of the importer or proprietor of such sugar or coffee, with the approbation and under the care and inspection of the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively, or the collector and comptroller at the port where such sugar or coffee shall be imported; and such sugar and coffee may be again exported di rely from such warehouses without payment of any duty whatever, provided such sugar and coffee be duly entered for exportation, and regularly hipped and exported according to the laws in force at the time of exporting such sugar or coffee; but if such out for home sugar or coffee shall be intended to be taken out of such ware coufumptiou houses to be used or consumed in this kingdom, the importer or the duty mu ft proprietor shall first pay to the proper officer of the customs and e pai'excise respectively such duties of customs and excise as shall be then payable by law on the importation into Great Britain of such sugar and coffee.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to import into the port of Nassau, in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama 1 (lands, and into such other port or ports in the said Bahama islands, or the island imported into of Bermuda, as shall be approved by his Majesty in council, sugar the Bahama and coffee, the produce of any foreign country or plantation, in l^imuda^iu l"ore*gn ffdps> and subject to such regulations, as are prescribed

foreign ships, 5n an act passed in the twenty seventh year of his present Majesty's subjnft to the reign, intituled An act for allowing the importation and exportation of regulations o t certain goods, wares, and merchandise, in the ports a/'kingston, savan ani^oceo27* n Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the island of ja C'maica; in the port of Saint George, in the if and Grenada; the

port of Roseau, in the fund Dominica; in the port ofnaf fau, in the if and of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain regulations and restrictions, with respect to the ports therein mentioned; and another act made in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, an act for amending an a SI, passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, in the ports of Kingson, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the island of Jamaica; in the port of Saint George, in the island of Grenada; in the port of Roseau, in the island of Dominica; and in the port of najjhu, in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, under certain regulations and restrictions $ and for regulating the duties on the importation of goods and commodities, the growth and production of the countries, bordering on the province of Quebec.

Sugar or cof

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That see imported on importation of sugar or coffee into Great Britain, or into ituta Mauds" any other parc of majesty's dominions from the said port of

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 44. 567

Nassau, in the island of Providence, or such other port or or Bermuda

ports in the Bahama islands, or island of Bermuda, as shall^of^h^bri approved by his Majesty in council, such sugar and coffee shall be deemed to be not of the British plantations, and tiens. shall be liable to, and shall pay duties of customs and excise as such, and be subject to the regulations of this at, and of each and every other act and acts of parliament in force at the time of the importation of such sugar or coffee, so far as they relate, to sugar or coffee not of the British plantations.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That How penalties the penalties and forfeitures impoied and incurred by this act, be sued shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in such

and be disposed of in such manner, and by such ways, 0 ' means, and methods, as any penalties or forfeitures imposed, or which may be incurred for any offence committed against the laws of the customs, may legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for extending the provisions of an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to empower the magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the wages of persons employed in the silk manufacture within - their respective jurisdictions, to manufactories of silk mixed with other materials; and for the more effectual punishment of buyers and receivers of silk purloined and embezzled by persons employed in the manufacture thereof.,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the thirteenth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to empower 13000.3.0.68. the magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the wages regh^d. of persons employed in the silk manufacture within their respective jurisdictions, it was enacted, That the wags and prices for work of the journeymen iveavers within the city London Should be settled, regulated, and declared by the lord mayor, recorder, and aldermen of the said city^and in all places in the county Middlesex by the justices of the peace of the said county \ and in all places within the city and liberty of Westminster, at the general quarter sessions of the peace, held in and for the said city and liberty \ and in all places within the liberty of the tovoer of London, at the general quarter sessions of the peace, held in and for the said liberty, at their general quarter fejfiqns of the peace r effectively; and certain penalties are by jh e said act inf i ft eel on all master weavers within any of the said dif drifts ujhofjould give more or less wages, or pay larger or less prices to any of the said journeymen iveavers, for their work, than Should hr settled or allowed as aforesaid; and also upon all journeymen weavers within the dislrifts aforesaid., who Should ask, receive, or take more or Mss wages, or larger or less prices for their work than Should be settled by the r espective quarter sessions as aforesaid \ who Should enter into, any combination to raisi the wages or prices of the said work', or for ', that purpose decoyfolic it, or intimidate any journeymen w cavers wit kin

P P 3'th'

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 44. [1792.

"aforesaid, so

the

df riots

Wages of journeymen weavers in any manufacture of silk mixed with other materials to be settled as directed by the recited act.

d, so that they fnoidcl quit their mafers for whom they fboidd then be employed; or who jjoould assemble themselves in order tg frame or deliver petitions, or other representations touching their wages, or price of work, contrary to the said act, and diverse saint ary regulations and provlfans are established by the said act for carrying the same into execution: and whereas doubts have arifert, whether the said act extends to persons employed in the manufactures of silk mixed with other materials: for obviating the refore such doubts, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and declared; and be it enacted and declared by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the lord mayor, recorder, and aldermen of the city of London, and the justices of the peace within their respective jurisdictions throughout the several and respective districts in the said act mentioned, shall, from time to time, settle?. regulate, order, and declare the wages and prices of work of the journeymen weavers working within their respective jurisdictions in any manufacture of silk mixed or wrought up with any other materials, in like manner as they are respectively authorised and with regard to empowered by the faiclrecited act to settle, regulate, order, and silk weavers, declare the same in the manufacture of silk only; and that the C^said recited act, and all and every the clauses, provisions, regulations,

restrictions, pains, penalties, forfeitures, and other mau ters and things therein contained, shall extend, and be deemed, adjudged, and construed to extend, and are hereby declared to extend to all persons employed in or about any of the manufactures of silk mixed or wrought up with any other materials within the respective districis in the said act mentioned, in as full and ample manner as the said powers, clauses, provisions, regulations, restrictions, pains, penalties, forfeitures, and other matters and things, are by the said recited act declared to extend to the several and respective persons therein named; and the same respectively shall be applied, practised, and put in execution for and in respeeb of all such manufactures of silk mixed or wrought up with any other materials, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, clauses, provisions, regulations, restrictions, pains, penalties, forfeitures, and other matters and things were particularly repeated and re enacted in this present act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices before whom any person shall be convicted of any offence, either against the said act of the thirteenth year of his said present Majesty, or against this act, shall cause such respective conviction to be drawn up in the form, or to the effect

Justices to cause convictions to be drawn up in the following

lowing

(th:

t 1:

to say

f To wit. 1 ipe It remembered, float on this

^day of \ in the year of quip

Lord A. R. is convicted before us

of his Majesty $ ces of the peace in and for the said county of or for the city, liberty, ioivn or place [as the cafib may be], j^r'[here

specify

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 44. 569

specify the offence, and when and where the same was committed]; and we the said justices do adjudge him [or her] to pay and forfeit for the same the sum of

Given under our hands andffcals, the day and year first above written.

And the said judices, before whom such.convidftion shall be had, shall cause the same so drawn up in the form aforesaid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and transmitted to the next general or quarter session of the peace to be held for the county, city, liberty, town, or place wherein such conviction shall be had, to be hied and kept amongst the records of the said general or quarter session.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no order made, touching or concerning any of the matters in this act contained, or any proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any offender or offenders against the said act of the thirteenth year of his said present Majesty, or this act, shall be quashed for want of form, or be removed or removable by certiorari into his majesty's court of king's bench, or any oath court whatsoever.

And whereas by diverse acts of parliament, made in the twenty feco?id year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, certain pains, penalties, and forfeitures are inflated on persons who Should buy, receive, accept, or take by way of gift, pawn, pledge, sale, or exchange, or in any other manner vjhatever, of or from any person or persons hired or employed in any of the manufactures therein mentioned, any materials of suck manufacture., whether sir ft wrought, made'up, or manufactured, or not, knowing the person or persons of whom the said 7naterials were bought, received, accepted, or taken, to be so hired or employed, without the consent of the persons so hiring or employing them, or ivko Should buy, receive, accept, or take in any manner whatsoever, any of the said materials, whether the same be or be not first wrought, made up, or manufactured, knowing the same to be purloined or embezzled: and whereas the penalties and forfeitures to which offenders a gain]i the said acts are subject, have not been sufficient to deter persons from committing the like offences in receiving purloined and embezzled materials of flk, nfed in the manufactories of silk, unmixed or mixed with other materials; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any person or ersons shall buy, receive, accept, or take by way of gift, pawn, pledge, sale, or exchange, or in any other manner whatsoever, of or from any person or persons hired or employed to prepare qr work up the silk manufacture or any manufacture of silk mixed with other materials, any silk, whether the same or any part thereof be or be not first wrought, made up, or manufactured, and whether the same be or be not mixed with other materials, knowing ftjch person or persons to be so hired or employed as aforesaid, and not having first obtained the consent of the person or ersons so hiring or employing him, her, or them as aforesaid, pr whether any silk tfiali have been purloined or embezzled by any

P p 4 person.

and iranf mitted to the next quarter session.

No proceedings to be quashed for want of form. Sec.

zzge 0.3*0.27. and 17 Geo. 3. c. 56, Sec. recited.

From June 241 1792, persons Inlying, See. silk, from those employed to work up any silk manufacture, C knowing them to be so employed, liable to puni lime at, C

5 70 anno^egni trkecimo ftcunda^eorg 11 III C 45, [1, 792;

- , person or persons, hall buy, receive, accept, or take in any mannerj

: whatsoever, of or from any person or persons whomsoever, any -

silk. the same be wrought or un wrought, mixed, or _ uimrixed, knov/ipg the same to have been purloined or embezzled; i

then, and in every such case, the person or persons so buying,

receiving, accepting,; or taking any such fill:, ill all and may be

proceeded against as directed by the said recited a^fs of the twenty second of George the Second, and the seventeenth of his present Majesty, or may be prosecuted for a misdemeanour, and shall be, punished by fine, imprisonment, or whipping, as the court of general or quarter sessions, who are hereby empowered to try such'; offenders, or as any other court before, which he, she, or they shall be tried, shall think fit to inflict, although no proof upon such. shall be given to; whom such silk doth belong, any law or, statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, pur\ofnedgfilk frortl and after the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand; ^seven hundred and ninety-two, if any person or persons shall sell,

pawn, pledge, exchange, or otherwise unlawfully dispose of any.silk, whether wrought or unwrought, mixed or unmixed, knowing the same to have been so purloined or embezzled, every such person or persons lawfully convicted as aforesaid, shall be liable to the same punishment as persons cony idled of receiving purloined or embezzled silk, knowing the same to have been purloined ox embezzled, would be liable to by virtue of this act.

CAP. XLV.

An act io explain and amend an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second entitled., An act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of correction.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS great abuses are committed in conveying, from

\ t one place; to another by pases, persons who are not rogues or vagabonds, or in conveying such persons who are rogues and'.vagabonds^ without complying with the directions of the al faffed in..theseventrenth year of the reign of his late tnajefy King George the Second, intituled, 17 Geo. 2. c. 5. An act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to icdicd. rogues, vagabonds, and other idle.and. disorderly persons, and to houses of correction which said at directs, that such persons only, fall he conveyed by a pass, under the hand andfeal of a justice. ofpeaces vjho have been fifl publicly whipt. or confined in the house of correction j and vjbereas the said at, in other respects, requires to be a?nended; may it therefore please your.majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's moss excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present. parliament assembled, and by the autho jrogues or ri ty of the same; That when any justice of the peace shall order vagabonds oro be xonveyed by a pass, under his band and seal, any rogue or conveyed by according; to: the..prpyiiibn^ of the said aftf duch rogue

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 45. 571

or vagabond shall be either publicly whipped, or be sent to the house Pa agree

of correction, there to remain until the next general or quarter citevad^to6*

sessions, or for any such less time as such justice of the peace shall t, e publicity

think proper; provided that such less time shall be at the lead for whipped, or con

the space of (even days, and that such justice of the peace shall finedm a house

certify, in the pass by which such person shall be ordered to be ^corredhon,

conveyed, that such person has been actually publicly whipped, or

confined in the house of correction for at least the space of seven days: provided also, that no person shall be so whipped or imprisoned, and conveyed by a pass as a rogue or vagabond, who shall not

have committed an act of vagrancy within the true intent and

meaning of the said act, and who shall not have been convicted thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No reward to no justice of the peace shall order any reward to be paid to any be paid fr constable or other person, for apprehending any rogue or vaga ^ue^or va? bond, until such rogue or vagabond shall have been punished as gabonds, until hereby directed, and until the examination required by the afore they shall have said act be 'actually transmitted to the next general or quarter been punish sessions, there to be filed and kept on record.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No female whenever any female shall be guilty of any offence, for which she vagabond to shall be convicted as a rogue and vagabond, or incorrigible rogue, ^before any justice of the peace, or the court of general or quarter sessions, in no case whatever such justice, or court of general of quarter sessions, shall inflice the punishment of whipping upon such female rogue and vagabond, or incorrigible rogue; any law or Statute to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Convicts dif any of his majesty's judges at the assizes, and the justices at the charged from general or quarter sessions, or any justice of the peace, is and are hereby empowered to order, whenever he or they shall think pro quitted at per, any convicf, upon his discharge from prison, to be conveyed affixes, C by pass under hand and seal, in manner and form directed by the may be con aforesaid aci, and according to the provisions therein contained; and the judge, justices, or justice aforesaid, is or are also etn; powered to convey by pass any person who shall be acquitted at the assizes, or general or quarter sessions, or discharged by proclamation or otherwise, who shall of himself or herself, or by any other person in his or her behalf, apply to the court whereat he or she has been acquitted or discharged, or to any justice of the peace to be conveyed as aforesaid; and the judge, justices, or justice aforesaid, hall certify in such pass that the person so conveyed was discharged from prison, or a person acquitted, or otherwise discharged, at the assizes or sessions, as the case may be; and such convict, or person acquitted or discharged, shall pay no see whatever for such pass.'

V. And whereas the present mode of conveying vagrants in the cufody of a corf able ts frequently injuffeient, from the mi [conduct and negligence of confahles; be it therefore enacted by the authority

re fa id, That the justices of the peace, at the general or quarter Justices may

sessions order ro§uea

£*1 2 A

3 /

or vagabonds to be conveyed by mailers of b Oil Its of correction, C

Justices at sessions to direct what rates. shall be allowed for passing, C rogues, C

Soldiers and mariners, wandering and begging, to be deemed vagabonds.

Persons neglecting to'pro wide for their families, to be deemed idle anddiforderly.

nno regni tricesimo fecundctgeorgli III C 45. [1792.

sessions held for any county, riding, city, borough, town corporate, division, or liberty, or any adjournment thereof, shall be empowered to make an order that all rogues and vagabonds apprehended in their respective counties, ridings, cities, boroughs, towns.corporate, divisions or liberties, and who are ordered to be conveyed by pass, shall be conveyed by the mailer of the house of correction or his servants, or by a conilable, as such justices at the general or quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, shall think proper; and such justices shall, also be empowered to make an order, if they think proper, that all conilables to whom rogues or vagabonds brought from another county, riding, city, borough, town corporate, division, or liberty, are delivered, shall forthwith qonvey such rogues and vagabonds to the neared house of correc tin in their county, riding, city, borough, town corporate, divi or liberty, to be afterwards forwarded by the mailer of the np^fe of correction, or his servants, as aforesaid, and according 40 the provisions of the said recited act.

; And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tlye justices of the peace of any county, riding, city, borough, tpwn corporate, division, ..or liberty, shall and may, at the general or quarter sessions of the peace, from time to time, limit, appoint, and direct what rates and allowances per mile, or other wise, shall be made for the passing, conveying, or maintaining of rogues. Vagabonds or incorrigible rogues, to be passed or conveyed as aforesaid, and may likewise make such other orders, rules, and directions for the more regular proceeding or acting the rein, within their respective limits and jurisdictions, as they in their discretion shall think proper; which rates, allowances, orders, rules, and directions, shall from time to time be observed and submitted to by all justices of the peace, constables, officers, and other persons within the said limits and jurisdictions respectively,

VII. And whereas soldiers travelling from one place to another, having a certificate from their officers, or the secretary at war, are permitted to beg, and that mariners or seafaring men discharged are licensed to beg, by some testimonial or writing under the hand and seal of a justice of the peace: and whereas such permission to beg is highly improper; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every soldier and mariner wandering abroad and begging, shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond within the meaning of the said act.

VIII. And whereas several persons, by their ivilful default and neglect, permit their wives and children to become chargeable to their respective parishes or townships; be it therefore enacted, That if it shall be made appear to any two justices of the peace, that any poor person shall not use proper means to get employment, or, if he is able to work, by his neglect of work, or by spending his money in alehouses or places of bad repute, or in any other improper manner, shall not apply a proper proportion of the money earned by him towards the maintenance of his wife an family, by which wilful default or neglect they, or any of them, shall become chargeable to their parish or town ship, he shall be considered as, an idle and disorderly person3 and be subject to

syst

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 46. 573

such punishment, and in such manner, as is directed for idle and disorderiy persons by the aforesaid act.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for efahlishing courts of judicature in the if and Newfoundland, and the sands adjacent.

FOR the better adminf ration of justice in the if and of New Preamble, foundland, and the sands adjacent; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present 'parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by his commiiv His Majesty, fion under the great seal, to institute a court of criminal and civil jurisdiction, to' be called The Supreme Court of Judicature of the fnftinite if and of Newfoundland, with full power and authority to hold plea court of cri of all crimes and misdemeanours committed within the island of minal and civil Newfoundland, and on the islands and seas to which ships or vef jur^didiori^fels repair from the island of Newfoundland, for carrying on the

fishery, and on the banks of Newfoundland, in the same manner*as plea is held of crimes and misdemeanours committed in that part of Great Britain called England, and also with full power and authority to hold plea, as herein after mentioned, of all suits and complaints of a civil nature, arising within the island of Newfoundland, and on the islands and seas aforesaid, and on the banks of Newfoundland; which court shall determine such suits and complaints of a civil nature, according to the law of England, as 'far as the same can be applied to suits and complaints arising in the islands and places aforesaid; the said court shall be a court of record, and shall be held by a chief justice to be appointed by his Majesty, who shall have full power and authority to inquire of, hear, and determine all crimes and misdemeanours suits, and complaints, cognizable in the said court; and such court shall have such clerks and ministerial officers as the chief justice shall think proper to appoint; and such salary shall be paid to the said chief justice, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall approve and direct, and such salaries be paid to the clerks and -- ministerial officers aforesaid, as shall be approved by the chief justice, with the corifent of the governor of the island of new foundland; which several salaries ball respectively be in lieu of all Other profits and emoluments whatsoever.

And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the The governor governor of the island of Newfoundland, with the advice of such with thead vice chief justice, from time to time, to institute courts of civil juris ?e c^ief, diction, to be called Surrogate Courts, in different parts of theinftitutsun o island of Newfoundland, and the islands aforesaid, as occasion shall gate courts, require, with full power and authority to hear and determine, in C the like fumrrrary way, all suits and complaints of a civil nature arising within the island of Newfoundland, and on the islands and seas aforesaid, and on the banks of Newfoundland; which courts shall refgedlively be courts of record, and ft all determine according

574 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 46. [1792.

to the law of England, as far as the same can be applied to suits and complaints arising in theiflands and places aforesaid; the said courts respectively shall be held by a surrogate, to be appointed from time to time by the governor of the said island, with the approbation of such chief justice, and hall have full power and' authority to hear and determine all suits and complaints cognizable in the said court; and the said court shall have such clerks and ministerial officers, with such salaries as the chief justice shall appoint, which salaries shall be in lieu of all profits and emoluments whatever.

Mode of pro

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the cecumgsmthe said supreme courts and surrogate courts respectively, when any surrogate suit or complaint shall be depended therein, to cause to appear

courts. from day today, all persons interested in the matter in dispute

and to examine upon path such of them as it shall be deemed proper, for better discovering the truth, and thereupon, and after due consideration of all circumstances, to make such order, judge? mentor decree therein, and award such damages and costs, as the case shall require; and that in all cases where the cause of any suit or complaint shall not exceed five pounds, the party who is to answer such suit or complaint shall be made to appear in court by summons, and in all cases where such summons shall be disobeyed, or where the cause of any suit or complaint shall exceed five pounds, then that the party who is to answer such suit or complaint may be caused to appear by attachment of his or her goods, debts, or effects, or by arrest of the person, and that the execution of any order, judgement, or decree may be enforced by attachment of the goods, debts, or credits of the party, or by arrest: of the person against whom such order, judgement, or decree shall be made; and that it shall and maybe lawful for the said chief justice and surrogates respectively, to authorise same person in his or their absence respectively, to issue process, and do all acts appertaining to the said supreme court, and surrogate courts respectively, save and except the inquiring of, hearing, and determining of any crime or misdemeanoc, or any suit or complaint of a civil nature.

Tn anions ex

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, ceeding iol. where the cause of action hall exceed the sum of ten pounds, and lummo^ed^vt prayed by the defendant in such suit or complaint, that

but if a fusa jury may be summoned to try such action, it shall be lawful for ficient number the said chief justice and surrogates respectively, and lie and they ihouldnotap arq hereby respectively required to cause twenty-four persons to

pear, two af^of whom twelve shall be a jury for the trial of such teflors, with the chief juf action, and to proceed therein according to law: provided always,

tice or furro That, if a number of jurors sufficient for the trial of such ion

gates, may having been duly summoned shall not appear to be sworn, it shall

Skd^L anc may lawful for the governor of the said island, and the

surrogates in their several courts respectively, to nominate and appoint two proper persons to be afieifors. to the said chief justice,

Who, together with the said cbjef justfoe Pf suri*o.gates respect.ive

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 575

ly, flirt 11 proceed to the trial of such action, in like manner as if such jury had not been prayed.

V. And be it further enacted, that upon any decree or judge Appeals may ment given in a surrogate court, for any sum exceeding forty je made from pounds, it shall be lawful for the party against whom such decree forfums ex or judgement shall be given, to appeal therefrom to the supreme ceeding 40]. court, having first given notice of such intention, and having in the furro entered into a security to the surrogate, in double the sum for £a^e ^oart|jn which such judgement or decree was given or made, within two i^om^the^ days after making or giving such judgement or decree, for duly iupreme prosecuting such appeal; and upon any decree or judgement court.p given in the supreme court, for any sum exceeding one hundred pounds, it shall be lawful for the party, against whom such decree or judgement shall be given or made, to appeal therefrom to his Majesty in council, having first given notice of such intention, and having entered into security, to be approved by the chief justice, in double the sum for which such judgement or decree

was given or made, within two days after the giving or making of such judgement or decree, for duly prosecuting such appeal; and in all cases of appeal, as soon'as notice shall be given, and security entered into as aforesaid, execution shall be stayed, but not otherwise,

VI. And whereas it will greatly contribute to the advancement of the trade and fifaery of Newfoundland, if such effects as persons becoming insolvent hi the said if and of Newfoundland, and the ifands aforesaid were possessed of or entitled unto, within the said if and., or an the ifands or Jeas aforesaid, or on the banks of Newfoundland,

Should be divided a?nong their creditors with mors equality than hath hitherto been practised; be it further enacted, That, as often as the When goods goods, debts, and credits of any person shall be attached, and it are attached, shall be made appear to the court out of which the prpeefs ofvar^hat the attachment hath ifitted, that the goods, debts, and credits so at party is^nfol tached are not sufficient to pay twenty billings in the pound to vent, thecomt all those who shall be creditors by reason of debts contracted shall order his within the island of Newfoundland and on the islands and fe(^s \

aforesaid, or on the banks of Newfoundland, it shall be lawful for d^stribuetdl such court to fu mm on the party whose goods, debts, and credits are so attached, together with the plaintiff or plaintiffs who have ff

fried out'any attachment, and also such persons who are known to?

be creditors as aforesaid of the defendant, to appear in court at a:

certain day, and if upon a due examination of the defendant, and T

the said creditors, it shall appear that he or she is insolvent, the court shall declare him or her insolvent accordingly, and shall immediately proceed to take order for discovering, collecting, and'"Td selling the effects and debts of such person, and distributing the ';

produce thereof rateably amongst all the said creditors ct such,

so declared insolvent, or to authorise same person or persons, being a creditor or creditors, to perform the same, such person or persons fitft entering into a recognisance in such sum 'as the court shall think fit?; for the due performance of his.or their duty therein; and that such court ffaalltfom time to Jme make

Certificate of the court to be a bar to suits for debt prior to the

576 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 46. [1792.

such order therein as shall be deemed proper, for, better discovering, collecting, and selling the effedbs and debts, and making a rateable distribution thereof among the said creditors.

Directions for

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the distribution to be the distribu made of the estate and effedbs of such person so declared insolvent, f10^ le every fisherman and leaman employed in the fishery, whofh&ll be vent njrfons" a cre^for fr wages become due in the then current ieafon, shall first be paid twenty Shillings in the pound, so far as the effedbs will go; and in the next place, every person who shall be a creditor for supplies furnished in the current ieafon, shall be paid twenty Shillings in the pound; and lastly, the said creditors for supplies fur nished in the then current season, and all other creditors whatsoever, shall be paid equally in proportion, as far as the effedbs will go, provided that the said creditors for supplies furnished in the then current season shall not be paid more than twenty Shillings in the pound on the whole of their debt.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if such insolvent person shall make a true disclosure and discovery of all his or her goods and effedbs whatsoever, and shall conform him or herself to the order and direction of the said court, thefameshall and may (with declaration of the consent of one half in number and value of his or her credit insolvency. tors) be certified by the said court, and such certificate, when pleacted, shall be a bar to all suits an 1 complaints for debts con tradbed within the island of Newfoundland, and on the islands and leas aforesaid, and on the hanks of Newfoundland, prior to the time when he or file was declared insolvent.

Suits, where

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any cause of adbion the cause shall shall have arisen before the firib day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, no suit or complaint shall be com toube com-925 rnenced thereon at the di fiance of more than six years from the menced with time when such cause of adbion arose.

in six years. X And be it further enacted, That the said chief justice, or Chief justice. person or persons appointed by him for that purpose, under or persons aphis hand and leal, shall have power to grant administration of the pointed by effedbs of intestates, and the probate of wills; and that the effedbs ^eceased persons shall not be administered within the island of tiens and pro Newfoundland or on the islands and leas aforesaid; on the banks bates of wills, of Newfoundland, unless administration thereof, or probate of wills respecting the same, shall have been duly granted by such authority as aforesaid.

gigeo.^. c.^.

XI. And be it further enacted, That an adb passed in the last continued till section of parliament, intituled An act for efiablifmng a court of fimrpml0^ 'will jurisdiction in the if and of Newfoundland, .^;a limited time nnrpmp which adb was to have continued in force from the tenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, for one year, and unto the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be and continue in force until the opening of the supreme court instituted by virtue of this act, and no longer; and every suit or complaint which shall at that time be depending in the said coutt of civil jurisdiction, shall and may be proceeded upon in the said

the supreme court

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 577

supreme court, in the same manner as any suit or complaint originally commenced in the said supreme court.'

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful No court, ex for any court in the island of Newfoundland or islands aforesaid

(except the supreme court, and the surrogate courts appointed surrogate

by virtue of this a) to hold plea of any suit or complaint of a courts, to hold

civil nature, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not pleas of a civil

withstanding: provided nevertheless, that the court of vice ad nature

miralty having jurisdiction in the said island, shall and may hold ice ^rmral j % o j > j fy court mav

plea of maritime causes (except only the wages of seamen and pea 0/

fishermen, which are to be heard and determined in manner maritime

herein after directed) and causes of the revenue, as heretofore causes (except

practised and used: also, that all disputes which shall a^|^aufes of

arise concerning the wages of any seaman or fisherman, and all revenue

offences which shall be committed by any hirer or employer of j; fputcs re

such seaman or fisherman, against this or any other aci, relating specting wages

to the island of Newfoundland, or the islands and seas aforesaid, of seamen,

or the fishery thereof, shall and may be heard and determined,

and the penalties and forfeitures thereby incurred shall and may feffiorjs°or be

be recovered in the court of sessions, or before any two justices fore two juf

of the peace. tices.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall iafc lawsuits for debts

full for the court of session, in a summary way, to hear an^ldefccr^ not exceeding mine all suits for the payment of debts not exceeding dftrty os. may be shillings, and not contracted mere than one year, before the coma in

mencement of such suits respectively; it shall be lawful for way, See.' the court of session, or such two justices respectively, to awiard

costs therein; and such determination and award shall be'filial, and shall be carried into execution by attachment and sale of the goods and effects of the party against whom the determination -. was made., V r -

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Chief justice the said chief justice to settle such forms of process, and such

rules of practice and proceeding, for the conduct of aii pleas, appoint Ure'suits, and complaints, and for the dispatch of the business of tie f^cs to betaken said supreme court, and surrogate courts, and of the business 1(1 in the courts, the courts of session, or before any one or more justices of the C peace respectively, and to appoint such reasonable fees to be taken:

for the conduct and dispatch of pleas, suits, complaints, and other business as aforesaid, and for the granting administration of the effects of intestates, and for the probate of wills, as shall - seem necessary and proper for expediting matters with the most convenience and least expense to the parties concerned therein; and such process, and rules of practiee and proceeding, shall be followed and obeyed; and such fees shall be paid accordingly, Sees in furro* and no other'; and that all such fees received in any surrogate ate courts to court*shall be paid and accounted for by the surrogate in the said supreme court; and that it.shall be lawful for the said chief justice, pre^e court" and he is hereby required to settle and limit what fees and poundage shall be taken by the sheriff of Newfoundland, and the same shall be taken, and none other.

For the recovery and application of penalties.

578 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 47. [1792.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties and forfeitures, imposed by any act of parliament made or which shall hereafter be made, relating to the island of Newfoundland or the fishery thereof, may be recovered in a summary way in the said supreme court, or in any surrogate court; and every penalty and forfeiture of the sum of ten pounds or under, may be recovered in the court of session, or before any one or more justices of the peace; and all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed, paid, or levied in any surrogate court, or in any court of session, or before any one or more justices of the peace, shall be forthwith estreated, and paid into the said supreme court by the surrogate, or by the justice or justices of the peace respectively, before whom they were recovered; and it shall be lawful for the said supreme court to issue process for better compelling such justices and fur rogates to bring to account all moneys which ought to be so paid and accounted for as aforesaid; all money arising from such fees, fines, penalties, and forfeitures shall be applied and appropriated towards defraying the expense of carrying this act into execution.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person for anything done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the matter or thing 'done;

[General issue.]

and the defendant in such suit or action may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant, or the plaintiff'shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant has appeared, or if judgement shall be given, upon any verdict or demurrer, against the plaintiff, the defendant shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as defendants have in other case by law.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no officer whatever, being in the service of his majesty's

ingas ajufttce" cu^oms ln island of Newfoundland shall be capable of acting'as a justice of the peace in and for the said island.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in force until the tenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety three, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

Limitation of actions.

[Treble costs.]

No officer of the customs

Continuance of this act.

CAP. XLVII.

An act to explain and amend so much of an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to hackney coaches and chairs.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the seventh 7 Geo.^. c. year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act 44. recited. for altering the starnp duties upon policies of assurance; and for reducing the allowance to be made in respect of the prompt payment of the stamp duties on licences for retailing beer, ale, and aether exciseable liquors; and for explaining and amending several

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 47; 579

acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs;

2v is amongst other things enabled, That every coachman, licensed \

for regulating and licensing hackney coaches, plying for hire within the city of London or Westminster, Should be obliged and compeliable, on every day of the week, at seasonable times, to go anywhere within the dislance of ten miles from the city of London or Westminster: and whereas doubts have arisen what are seasonable times for such coachmen to go within the true intent and meaning of the said act, and many of such coachmen refuse to go after fun sotto any distance from the said cities or the suburbs thereof where the houses are not immediately adjoining by means whereof many persons who refode at Short distances from the said cities, or the suburbs thereof are put to great inconvenience: for remedy whereof may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and Hackney after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and nine coachmen ty two, every hackney coachman licensed by the of io

for regulating and licensing hackney coaches, and his, her, or miles from their renter or driver plying for hire within the cities of Lon London or don or Westminster, or the suburbs thereof, shall be obliged and Westminster, compeliable, on every day of the week (unless he or they shall herein cfi>ecifi have been out twelve hours, or shall have other reasonable excuse ed; to be allowed of by the said of, or the justice before whom any such matter shall be brought in question), to go to any place within the distance of ten miles, in case such coachman shall have time to return lo the said cities by or before sunset, or the fare shall undertake to return in such hackney coach.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and at any every hackney coachman plying as aforesaid, shall be obliged,

and compeliable, on every day of the week, and at any hour of jaf]e to^the night (unless he or they shall have been out twelve hours, or upon aluight have such other reasonable excuse to be allowed of as aforesaid), ed turnpike to go upon all public high roads, being turnpike roads, or that two^miles^i now are or hereafter shall be lighted up, anywhere within the an half from distance of two miles and an half from the ends or extreme parts the ends of the of the several and respective carriage waypavements of the cities of carnage way London and Westminster, or the suburbs thereof, where a regular Pavements continuation of carriageway pavement doth extend.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Persons hiring every person hiring a hackney coach to go any further distance coaches after than the regular continuation of the carriage way pavement doth beyond there extend, after fun let, shall be liable to pay to the coachman, not gular continu only the fare he is by law entitled to, but also sixpence for every ation of the distance not exceeding half a mile that such coachman shall have carriageway to return to the extreme end of the carriageway pavement after setting down his fare, unless the fare shall return in such hack tiondfare ney coach, which additional fare shall and may be recovered by unless they re the same ways and means as any other fare due to such coach turn therein. q^q man

o Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 48. [1792.

man is now by law recoverable; and in case of such hackney coachman's refusal to go, or exacting any more for his hire than as aforesaid, he or they shall be subject and liable to the like penalty and punishment as may, by any of the laws now in force, be inflated in cases of refusal to carry for hire, or demanding, receiving, or taking for hire any greater sum than such hackney coachman is entitled unto.

Proceedings

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no not to be proceeding to be had touching the conviction of any offender or rtf1 of form °*en<^ers this act, or any order made, or any other mat' '

ter or thing to he done or transacted in or relating to the execu by certiorari, tien of this act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of form, or be removed by' Certiorari, or by any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, any law, Statute or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that if any person or persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of General issue. this act he or they shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act in evidence; and if upon a trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs upon demurrer, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs be nonsuited, discontinue, or forbear prosecuting his or their said action or actions, then such defendant or defendants Treble costs, shall have treble costs, to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, for which costs he shall have such remedy as in Bye laws rela other cases where costs are by law given to defendants: provide nev coadfo* always nevertheless. That nothing herein contained shall be owners not construed to extend to, or to lessen or abridge any of the bye laws

herebyabridg now in being relative to such hackney coach owners, their rented ers or drivers.

Public act, V And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act; and all judges, justices, and other persons, shall take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act to irrrpower the jujitces of the peace for the county of Middlesex to continue a session of the peace, and of oyer and terminer, begun to be held before the essoign day of term, and sitting of the king's bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such cjfoign day, or the sitting of the said court of king's bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said county Middlesex.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the Geo 3' C reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to empower x8, recited. the justices of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery of Newgate dot the county of Middlesex to continue to hold a session of gaol delivery of Newgate, begun to be held before the essoign day of term, and sitting of the king's bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such essoign day, or the sitting of the said court of king's bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 49. 581

county of Middlesex; it was enabled, "That, from and after the third day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, when any [effort of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery of the said gaol of Newgate, for the said county of Middlesex - have been begun to be held before the essoign day of any term, that the same session J, hall and may be continued to be held, and the business thereof finally concluded, notwithstanding the happening of such essoign day of any term, or the sitting of his majesty's said court of king's bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said county of Middlesex: and whereas it is convenient that the session of the peace, and session of oyer and terminer, held before the justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, should be held as near as may be at the same time the session of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery of the said gaol of Newgate for the said county of Middlesex is held: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven Session of the hundred and ninety-two, when any session of the peace and session of oyer and terminer, held before the justices of the miner for CI peace for the said county of Middlesex, shall have been begun to Middlesex, not be held before the essoign day of any term, that the said session to bedifconti shall and may be continued to' be held, and the business there ^of the of finally concluded, notwithstanding the happening of such cwrto°kingas essoign day of any term, or the sitting of his majesty's said court bench, cof king's bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said county of Middlesex y and that all trials, judgements, proceedings, acts, deeds, matters, and things, whatsoever, and all proceedings, acts, deeds, matters, and things, in pursuance of such judgements, had, made, and done at such session, so continued to be held after the essoign day of any term, or the sitting of his said majesty's court of king's bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said county of Middlesex, shall be good, valid, and effectual "

in law, and deemed, reputed, and taken to be so to all intents and purposes whatsoever: law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Public act this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for allowing the importation of Quercitron or black oak bark, when the price of oak bark shall be wider the price mentioned in an act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, and for loiuering the duty payable on red Mangrove bark imported into this kingdom.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for encouraging 13 Geo. 3. C the manufacture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon 50. recited, the importation of oak bark, when the price of such bark shall exceed a certain jate5 for a limited time, it is, among other things,

£82 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 49. [1792.

enabled, "Thai at all times when the price of oak bark shall be under ten pounds for the load of hatch bark, containing fortyfive hundred weighty delivered at the buyers warehouses in the city of London, or within the zueekly bills of mortality, or when the price Of oak bark in the rinds fall be under two pounds ten Billings for the load ofrinds, containing thirty yards, when the same are set three rinds thick with two jkirts and a cover, delivered at the buyers warehouses within the city of London, or weekly bills of mortality, then, and in either of these cases, no oak bark whatsoever shall be allowed to be imported into Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient that Quercitron or black oak bark Should. be allowed to be i?nported from countries ?iot in Europe for the purpose of dying, even when the price of oak bark fall be under the prices mentioned in the said recited al y be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall and may be

?n cases notpc fr any person or persons whatever to import into Great

less than 1501b. Britain in British^bmlt ships, owned, navigated., and registered weight, according to law, from any country not in Europe, Quercitron

though the or black oak bark for the purpose of dying, although the price of Eark may "be oa^ bark unc^et* Prices tnentioned in the Paid recited

under the act; provided that such Quercitron or black oak bark be imported prices menin caiks only not less than one hundred and fifty pounds net weight in the at the Icalf.

leuicua t. If. Jlnd whereas by an afi passed in the twenty seventh year of the 27 Geo. , 3. C reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the 13. recited. several duties 01 customs and excise, and granting other duties in*lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties com poll ng the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, red Mangrove bark is subject to a duty, on importation into Great Britain, of twenty seven pounds ten billings for every hundred pounds of the value thereof; and all oak bark is subject to a duty, on importation into Great Britain, of one penny the hundred weight: and whereas it is expedient that red Mangrove bark Should be allowed to be imported, on payment of a duty only of twopence for every hundred weight thereof and that Quercitron or black oak bark should be subject to a duty, on importation into Great Britain, of twopence the hundred Red Man grove weight; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, bark (in casks front ang after the fifth day o(july one thousand seven hundred and X olb weight) n^nety-tw0' rec Mangrove bark shall, on the importation thereof and Querci J into Great Britain, be subject and liable only to a duty of two tron to pay a pence for every hundred weight thereof, and foin proportion for duty on im any greater or less quantity thereof; provided the same be imported adrtp^r°cwt an cas onty not less than one hundred and fifty pounds net 'iw weight

Quercitron may be imported from any country

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 50. 583

weight at the least; that Quercitron or black oak bark shall, on the importation thereof into Great Britain be subjedband liable to a duty of twopence for every hundred weigh thereof, and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity; anything in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. L

An act for the relief of the coajl trade of Great Britain \ for exempt ing certain coajl documents from stamp duties; for abolishing the bond vfually called The lile of Man Bond; and for permitting corn and grain brought coajhvife to be transhipped into lighters for the purpose of being carried through the canal from the Forth to thb Clyde.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made and passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for preventing frauds, and regulating 13 & 14 Car, abuses, in his majesty's customs, it was (amongst other things) 2. C 11. recite enacted, That if any goods, wares, or merchandisesy Should be hipped ec or put on boardy to be carried forth to the open sea from any one port, creeky or member in the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or port and town of Berwick, to be landed at any other place of the

realm, without a sufferance or warrant first had and obtained from the officers of his Mcfejlfs cujlomsy all J'uch wares and merchandises jloould be forfeited and lofi \ and that the master of every slip or veffly that should Jo lade. or take in any goods, wares, or merchandisesy to be landed mad discharged as aforesaid, shouldy before the ship or vessel be removed or carried out of the port (where he Should take in his lading)y take out a cocquet or cocquetsy and become bound to the King,s majesyr. with good feenrity, in the value of the goods, wares, and merchandises aforesaid, for the delivery and discharge thereof in the port or place for which the same should be entered as aforesaid, or in some other port within the said kingdom of England, dominion of

Wales, or port and town of Berwick: and whereas the like rules and rejlriftio.ns are required, by law in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, with regard to gqodsy wares, and merchandisesy removed from one port, creeky or member, in Scotland, to another port or place in Scotland or England respectively: zohereas the said rules and restrictions are in many instances productive cf unnecessary embarrassment and expense to the coasting trade of this kingdom; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one Goods may thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall and may be law conveyed

ful.to and for any person whatever to convey or remove and carry-° open ea,

J A, J, ir, < one port

forth to the open lea, any goods, wares, or merchandise, which to any other

shall be hipped or put on board according to the directions of place in Great

his adb, at any port, epeek, or member or any port, in Great Britain, with

Britahiy to be landed or discharged at any other port or place in r bond^tub

Great Britain without taking out any cocquet or cocquets, or je tovertaia

q^q 3 giving regulations

584 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 50. [1792.

giving any security, by bond or otherwise, for the delivery and discharge thereof at such port or place, subject nevertheless to the several exemptions, provisoes, rules, and regulations, herein goods pro after mentioned: provided always, That no goods, wares, or exported n^rdiandize, which are or shall be prohibited to be exported not to be # Great Britain to foreign parts, nor any goods, wares, or earned coast merchandise, which are or shall be liable to any duty, or return wife without of premium or bounty, to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or bon^ue&cnd which are or shall be entitled to any allowance to be made for "* ° waste on exportation thereof, or on being carried or brought

coastwise, nor any goods, wares, or merchandise, which shall be, by virtue of any act or alsof parliament, warehoused upon the importation thereof in Great Britain, on payment of a certain duty, and afterwards carried or conveyed coastwise for the purpose of exportation, nor any goods, wares, or merchandise, liable to duty of customs on importation into, or on exportation from Great Britain, unless the amount of such duty, on the whole of the cargo so to be carried coastwise, shall not exceed five pounds sterling, shall be allowed to be removed or carried coastwise, in any hip, vessel, boat, or hoy, from any port, creek, or member of a port, in that part of Great Britain called England, dominion of Wales, or town and port of Berwick, until the roaf ter, or other person having or taking the charge or command thereof, shall have taken out a cocquet or cocquets, and become bound to the king's majesty for the delivery and discharge of such goods, Wares, or merchandise, in the like manner as was required by law before the pasting of this ab; or to be hipped or laden on board any hip, vessel, boat, or hoy, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the purpose of being carried coastwise to any part of Great Britain, until the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command thereof, hall have obtained a sufferance, warrant, or permit, for hipping or lading the same, and become bound with good security to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the value of the goods, wares, and merchandise contained in such sufferance, warrant, or permit, or in the endorsement to be made thereon, as herein is directed, for the due landing of the same, and also (the dangers and accidents of the seas excepted), for returning a certificate from the chief officer or officers of the customs at the port, member, or creek, where the same shall be landed and discharged, within six months after the date of such sufferance, warrant, or permit, to his majesty's officers of the customs to whom such security hath been given as aforesaid, that such goods, wares, or merchandise, were there landed and discharged accordingly, upon the penalty of forfeiting the security aforesaid j anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Goods, CII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a^rrkd^coaste S00(^s5 wares, and merchandise, by this act intended to be wife1'without a^owe^ to be carried coastwise without cocquet and bond, hall cocquet and and may be hipped and laden on board any hip, vessel, boat, or bond, may be hoy, British built, and owned by British subjects, and navigated

according

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 50. 585

according to law, and in none other, at any port, creek, or mem slipped by fuf ber of a port, in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or town and port of Berwick, by sufferance open sea by or warrant, and shall and may be removed and carried forth to transire, See, 'the open seato be landed at any other port or place in Great Britain, by transire or Jetpafs only, and at any port, creek, or member of a port, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland by sufferance, warrant, or permit, and may be removed in like manner by such sufferance, warrant, or permit only, the same being endorsed in manner herein directed: provided always, That jsto transire nothing in this aeft contained hall extend, or be deemed or con required strued to extend, to require any transire or letpafs in any case where the where the hip or vessel does not go to open sea, or where coc' g.ql^0 open quet and bond, or transire or letpass, were not, nor was required sea, C by law on and immediately before the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no goods, No goods

wares, or merchandise, which hail have been laden on board at shipt in scot any port, creek or place, in Scotland, by sufferance, warrant, or ance to bear permit, and without cocquet and bond, or without cocquet, moved with shall be carried, conveyed, or removed out of or from any port, out the same, creek, or place in Scotland without such sufferance, warrant, or and a certiti permit accompanying the same, and a certificate of the hipping the

officer or officers endorsed thereon, certifying the particulars of officer.

the goods, wares, or merchandise which were hipped or laden oh board by virtue thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty on

if the master, or other person having or taking the charge or mailers of vef command of any ship, vessel, boat, or hoy, in or on board of ^er<^n^ which any goods, wares, or merchandise shall be hipped or laden the car in order to be carried coastwise within Great Britain, hall pro ried coastwise, ceed coastwise in that part of Great Britain called England, the proceeding dominion of Wales, or town and port of Berwick, without a without cocr cocquet, transire, or letpass, or in that part of Great Britain Tiet> a:called Scotland, without a sufferance, warrant, or permit endorsed as herein is directed, in the cases in which the same are respectively required, every such master or other person shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Goods com if any goods, wares, or merchandise, brought or coming into ing into Great any port or place within the kingdom of Great Britain, from any ^c^uet C other port or place in that part of Great Britain called England forfeited, if the dominion of Wales or town and port of Berwick, by cocquet, unshipped be transire, or letpass, or from any other port or place in that part fore delivery of Great Britain called Scotland by sufferance, warrant, or per °ft*e to mit endorsed as herein is required, in any ship, vessel, boat, or the officer, hoy, shall, from and after the said fifth day of "July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, be unshipped, to be landed or put on shore, before such cocquet, transire, or letpass, or such sufferance, warrant, or permit, endorsed as aforesaid, respectively,

86 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 50. [1792.

shall be delivered to the customer, or collector and comptroller, of the port or place of her arrival, and warrant or sufferance made and given from such customer, or collector and comptroller, for the landing and discharging thereof, the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of every such ship, vessel, boat, or hoy, shall forfeit and lose the value of such goods, wares, and merchandizes; or if any goods, wares, or merchandizes of foreign growth, production, or manufacture, shall, on coming coastwise as aforesaid, be landed without the prelence of an officer of the customs, all such goods, wares, or merchandizes, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost.

Persons coun

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ferin^es^ C ^'zny person whatever shall counterfeit, rafe, or falsify any fuf to forfeit 2ool. ^erance? warrant, cocquet, transire, letpass, certificate, or permit, or any other customhouse warrant, document, or instrument, or any endorsement thereon, or any of them, by this act required, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and the sufferance, warrant, cocquet, transire letpass, certificate, permit, document, or other instrument and endorsement so counterfeited, rased, or falsified, shall respectively be null and void to all intents and purposes whatever.

VII Arid, for the better preventing frauds in the j.hipping any goods, vjares, or merchandise to be carried C oaf wise as aforesaid

If goods ship it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after

ped to he car fifth day of 'july one thousand seven hundred and ninety

ried coastwise rr, J n JJ r, J

shall exceed two, "ater the shipping of any goods, wares, or merchandise, to

the quantity be carried coastwise as aforesaid, and after the master, or other expressed in person having or taking the charge or command of the ship, vef the^racefs^or h n which the same shall be shipped, shall have

to be forfeit received a cocquet, transire, letpass, sufferance, or permit, or edj other coast document, as by this or any former al is directed,

expressing or endorsed with the particulars of the goods, wares, or merchandise which have been shipped, it shall be found by any officer of the customs, on examination thereof, that the goods, wares, and merchandise shipped or laden on board shall exceed in quantity the particulars of the goods, wares, and merchandise expressed either in the cocquet, transire, or letpass, or in the permit or other coast document aforesaid, obtained for the removing or carrying the same coastwise, or on the endorsement to be made upon any sufferance, warrant, or permit, as by this or any former acts is directed, all such goods, wares, or merchandise, as shall exceed the quantity so authorised to be carried coastwise as afore y said, shall be forfeited and lost, cefehas^arisen

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted That if it shall by mi (take, appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his majesty's the forfeiture customs, that such excess has arisen by mistake, and without in may be waiv tention of fraud, it shall and may be lawful for the said commissionefsto waive the forfeiture, without any reward or satisfaction to the seizing officer, if under the circumstances of the case it shall appear to the said of reasonable so to do.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That,

from

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 50. 587

from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hun No veffd to dred and ninety-two, it shall not be lawful for any officer or of^ficers of his majesty's customs in Great Britain, to permit or coastwise suffer any ship or vessel to be cleared out coastwise, from any until the port or place whatever in Great Britain until the master, or master enters other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give security to his Majesty, his heirs and conditfons^or successors, by bond, in the penalty of one hundred pounds, (which until a certifi security shall be taken by the collector or other principal officer cate be proof the customs at such port or place, and who is hereby autho duced of fucl1

L L s / iprnrity hpv*

rifed and required to take such security), with condition that beeyn he

such master, or other person having or taking the charge or com fore given

mand of such ship or vessel, will not at any time thereafter land

+or cause to be landed, or permit or suffer to be landed, any goods, in any part of this kingdom, in any manner which is or shall be prohibited by law, or take the same on board in order to their being so landed, nor be anyways concerned, or aiding or assisting in fraudulently importing, unshipping, or landing the same; and will not hinder, molest, or oppose any of his majesty's officers of the customs or excise, or any other person or persons, assisting them or either of them in the due execution of their respective offices or employments; or until such master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall produce a certificate, under the hand of the collector or other principal officer of the customs at some other port or place in Great Britain, of such security having been before given at such other port or place, to such collector or other principal officer, by

such maprer or other personas aforesaid; and no such bond shall Such bonds

be charged or chargeable with, or subject or liable to any of the liable to

duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper; nor shall any fee, ^P u

gratuity, or perquisite, be paid or taken, or any charge made, by any person or persons whatever, in any manner, for or on account of such bond.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That How goods all goods, wares, or merchandise, which shall be by virtue of this subject to for act subject to forfeiture, shall and may be seized, sued, prosecuted, and condemned, and the produce thereof distributed and applied be sued for, in such and the like manner, and by such and the like ways, means, C rules, and methods, as goods, wares, and merchandise, shipped 'to be carried coastwise within Great Britain, without a (utterance or warrant first had and obtained, are forfeited, and shall and may be seized, prosecuted, and condemned, and the produce distributed and applied, by virtue of any former act or acts of parliament whatsoever; and that the several penalties instidted by this act shall and may be sued for and recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, respectively, one moiety whereof shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them who shall inform or sue for the same.

Xlt And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That,

from

discharging goods carried coastwise, to

duty.

5 Geo. 3.

C 39. and

588 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 50. [1792.

No bond for from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, in all cases where a security remains, notwithstanding this act, to be taken by any officer or officers of his bt chargeable majesty's customs in England or Scotland respectively, for any with stamp matter or cause relating to the carrying, conveying, or removing any goods, wares, or merchandise, coastwise, within Great Britain, no bond or bonds for the delivery or discharge of such goods, wares, or merchandise, at any port or place in Great Britain, hall be charged or chargeable with, or subject or liable to, any of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, any former law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas, by an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled., An act for more effectually preventing the mischiefs arising to the revenue and commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine trade to and from the Ife of Many a fufcient bond, as therein is mentioned, is required to be given for every ship or vessel that shouldst sail out of or from Great Britain or Ireland, for any part of Africa, or any of his Majest s dominions out of this realmy with condition not to take on hoard during the course of the voyage, any sores, goods, or merchandizes whatsoever, at the isle of Man, nor any sores, goods, or merchandizes which Should have been brought from thence: and whereas, by an all made and pa fed in the twenty fxth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the production of manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent practises in obtaining bounties and drawbacks, and in the clandestine relanding of goods, certain provisons are ?nade, whereby the aforesaid purposes of the said recited all of the fifth year of his present Majesty's reiguj are ?nore fully answered and efested; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, so much of the said recited act as requires the said bond, therein and

56 Geo. 3, C 40. recited.

So much of 5 Geo. C 39 as relates to the Ifie of

31 Geo. ' recited.

c. 30.

Man bond re this act mentioned (usually called The Ife of Man Bond) to be pealed. given, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XIII. And whereas, by an act passed in the thirty sirs year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payrhent of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on Britif corn exported, it is enacted, That any sort of corny mealy or four, either British or foreign, or any malt made of such corny fall not be permitted to be carried coafwify or otherwise conveyedfro?n any port in Great Britain, where the exportation thereof, according to the regulations of the said act, is not allowed at the time that the said corriy malty mealy or four was actually fippedy and be landed or unfipped at any other port of Great Britain, from whence the fanicy according to the regulations of the said act, may then be exported; be it enacted, That wise totcoa^" nothing in the said act or in any other act contained shall extend, Grange or construed to extend, to prevent any sort of corn, malt, meal,

9 "or flour, which shall be brought coastwise from any port of Great Britain to Grangemouth, in the county of Stirling, within the precinct of the port of Borrowfoness, or to Greenock in the river Cfydey

c.r

Com, See.

mouth, Sec. may be conveyed by the

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 50. 589

or to any port or creek in the said river above Greenock, within Forth and the precinct of the port of Port Glasgow, and which, according to the directions of the act above recited, may not be landed to any there, from being unshipped out of the ship or vessel in which the the said canal, same was so brought coastwise, into a lighter or lighters, and C under therein conveyed by the canal called The Forth and Clyde Navi re£u*

gation, to any port or creek on the said canal, or on the river a 1 Clyde, or in the frith of Forth, at which the same, according to the directions of the said recited act, may be landed; provided that before the same, or any part thereof, be so unshipped, or be put on board any lighter, a sufferance or warrant be for that purpose obtained from the collector and comptroller of the customs at the port within which it is so to be unshipped; that no part thereof be so unshipped, or be so put on board as aforesaid, without the presence of the proper officer of the customs, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all corn, malt, meal, or flour which shall be so unshipped, or shall be so put on board as aforesaid, without such sufferance or warrant first had and obtained for that purpose as aforesaid, or without the presence of the proper officer of the customs; which corn, malt, meal, or flour so forfeited, may be seized by any officer of the customs, and may be prosecuted, and the produce thereof applied in like manner as is directed by the in part recited a So with respect to corn thereby forfeited: provided also, That such corn, malt, meal, or flour to unshipped into a lighter or lighters shall, in the conveyance thereof to the port or place where it is to be landed, be accompanied with such sufferance or warrant as aforesaid, with a certificate endorsed thereon, under the hand of the proper officer, testifying the quantity on board such lighter, and accompanied also with the coast cocquet for the same, unless where the conveyance of one ship's cargo requires more lighters than one, in which c^fe the cocquet shall accompany the lading of the first only: provided also, That such corn, malt, meal, or flour, so unshipped into any such lighter, shall be subject to the like regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as it would have been subject to in case it had been brought coastwise in such lighter from the port where it was ori This act not ginaliy shipped: always, That nothing in this act con to an rained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect in any macje in any way whatever, any regulation or provision made in any actor a of this acts passed in this present session of parliament. session.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Limitation of if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any actions, person or persons, for any matter or thing by him or them done or executed by virtue of or in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in General iflfueo evidence at any trial to be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by authority of this act; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the

plaintiff

590 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 51. [1792.

plaintiff or plaintiffs hall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants hall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LI.

An act to exempt certain letters passing between merchants or other persons carrying on trade or commerce in this kingdom, containing agreements with respeff to tnerchandize, notes, or bills of exchange, from the Jiamp duty now imposed on written agreements.

WHEREAS by an ally passed in the twenty-third year of the

belted 3 C * reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to

his Majesty several additional and new duties upon damped vel lum, parchment, and paper; and also for repealing certain exempt tiens from the stamp duties; it is (amongf other things) enabled, That for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or Jbeet or piece of papery upon vjhich any agreement shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, whether the same shall be only evidence of the contrary or obligatory upon the parties from its being a written infrument, there shall he charged a stamp duty of six shillingsy in which said all certain exceptions by way of provision are made: and whereas doubts have been entertained respelling the operation of the said ally upon correspondence between merchants resident in different parts of this kingdom, which if subject to the effects of the said ally and not within the provisions by way of exception thereioy would be attended with many evils towards the commerce of this country, and would much tend to the injury thereof; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited clause in the said a c1 contained shall not extend, or be deemed, taken, or construed to extend, to make liable to the said damp duty of six Shillings, any letter or letters pading by the pod between merchants, or other persons carrying on trade or commerce in this kingdom, and redding at the distance of fifty miles from each other, for or by reason of such letter or letters, containing an agreement in respect of any merchandise, notes, or bills of exchange, or evidence of such an agreement, but that such letter or letters may be received in evidence of such agreement as afore r said, although the same be not damped;

II. Provided always, That this al hall not extend to any letter or correspondence pading between persons who are residents of the same town, city, or place, hor to any letter or correspondence, written or so passing as aforesaid, between persons not, at the time of writing or sending thereof, at the actual distance of fifty miles from each other.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such letters as aforesaid, which have heretofore oaffed between such persons a aforesaid,

The duty imposed by the recited act of 6s. on agreements not to extend to letters pading by post between merchants, See, redding 50 miles from each other.

Act not to extend to the cases herein mentioned.

All letters which have passed be

treble costs.

[Preamble.]

---

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 52, 53. 591

[tween persons as aforesaid may be given in evidence.]

said, maybe given in evidence in any court of law or equity; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LII.

An act to continue, for a limited time, several acts of parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

Continued until the first of August 1793.

CAP. LIII.

An act for the more effectual administration of the office of a justice of the peace in such parts of the counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the metropolis and for the more effectual prevention of felonies.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a due and regular attendance of fit and able magistrates at certain known places, and at stated times, in such parts of the counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the metropolis, and a vigilant and steady administration of the laws by them, is requisite to the maintenance of peace and good order throughout the parts aforesaid: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[His Majesty may cause seven publick offices to be established, and appoint three justices at each.]

That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to cause seven several public offices to be established in or near the following places, namely, the parishes of Saint Margaret Westminster, Saint James Westminster, Saint James Clerkenwell, Saint Leonard Shoreditch, Saint Mary Whitechapel, and Saint Paul Shadwell, in the county of Middlesex, and at or near Saint Margaret's Hill, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surrey, and at each of the said public offices to appoint three fit and able persons, being justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, and county of Surrey respectively, to execute the office of a justice of the peace, together with such other justices of the peace for the said counties respectively, as may think proper to attend,

[Justices to attend at certain hours.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one or more of the said justices so to be appointed as aforesaid shall diligently attend at each of the said public offices every day, from ten of the clock in the morning until eight of the clock in the evening, and at such other times and places as shall be found necessary; and that two of the said justices, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall in like manner attend together at each of the said offices, from eleven of the clock in the forenoon until one in the afternoon, and from six of the clock in the evening until eight of the clock in the evening of everyday: provided always, That the attendance of one of the said justices may be supplied, during the hours at which the attendance of two is required as aforesaid, by any other justice of the peace for the said counties of Middlesex or Surrey respectively.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from

592 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 53. [1792.

[After establishment of the offices, no fees to be taken, except at them, by any justice for Middlesex, &c. on penalty of 100l.]

and after the establishment of the said seven several public offices as aforesaid (twenty-one days notice thereof being given in the London Gazette), no justice or justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, county of Surrey, city and liberty of Westminster, or liberty of the tower of London, or his or their clerk or clerks, or any person for them, other than at the said public offices, shall, directly or indirectly, upon any pretence, or under any colour of whatever, take or receive any fee, gratuity, reward, or recompense, for any act by him or them done or to be done in the execution of his or their office or employ as justice or justices of the peace, clerk or clerks as aforesaid, within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or within the parishes of Saint Mary le Bone, Paddington, Saint Pancras, Kensington, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the said county of Middlesex, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence, to be recovered, one moiety thereof to the receiver to be appointed in the manner herein after mentioned, to be applied to the purposes of this act, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall sue for the same in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, plaint or information, wherein no essoin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed:

---

provided always, but not to ex nevertheless, that nothing in this at contained shall be construed tend to fees to extend to any fees taken at any general or quarter sessions of

Tot iifptilinp*J O i

alehouses unie Peace? or at any meeting of justices for the purpose of licen der 26 Geo. 2. sing alehouses, pursuant to an at passed in the twenty sixth year C 31. or taken of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for office i^bow^ rekl^at'ind, ^oe manner of licensing alehouses in that part of Great Street C Britain called England, and for the more easy convicting persons selling ale and other liquors without licence, or to any fees taken at a certain public office within the liberty of Westminster, known by the name of The Public Office in Bow Street, or to any fees taken by any vestry clerk or his assistant, as clerk to any justice or justices of the peace acting within the parish in which such justice or justices reside, for the purpose of enforcing the payment of any taxes or assessments arising within the same parish, or for the purpose of hearing and determining any offence cognizable before a justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of any Statute made and provided for the special regulation or government of such parish.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices so appointed to attend at the said seven public offices as aforesaid, and their clerks, respectively, shall, in books to be to be delivered provided for that purpose, keep a full, true, and particular account monthly to of a] the fees taken and received at each of the said offices, toge and the^ver> t^ler penalties and forfeitures which shall have been re

amount of fees covered, levied, or received, in pursuant of any adjudication, con pffd to him, vidfion, or order, had or made at any of the said seven public offices, or any process or warrant issuing from the same; to which said books and accounts the receiver to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned shall a t all times have free accets;

Accounts of fees, Sec. taken at the seven offices

Sec

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 53. 593.

and the said justices shall once in every month deliver unto such receiver such account, verified upon oath by such justice or justices, their clerk or clerks, and such other person or persons as shall be employed in keeping such accounts respectively, or any part thereof, before Some justice of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, or county of Surrey, as the case may be, which oath such justice is hereby authorised and required to administer; and shall pay and cause to be paid the amount of all such fees unto such receiver, to be applied in manner herein after mentioned any law, Statute or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, All penalties from and after the establishment of the said Seven public offices, (except to all such penalties and forfeitures, and shares of penalties and for in^mers or feitures, as are or shall be limited and made payable to his Ma rec<wered jesty, his heirs and successors, or to any description of persons, at the public other than the informer or informers who shall Sue for the same, offices to be or any party grieved, and which shall be recoverable in a Summary paid.to tte way before a justice or justices of the peace, and which shall be recovered or adjudged before any justice or justices of the peace, at either of the said Seven public offices, shall be accounted for and paid into the hands of the receiver to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, by the justice, clerk, constable, officer, or other person or persons who shall levy or receive the same, to be applied by such receiver in manner herein after mentioned $ any law, Statute, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If fees, C if the said justices to be appointed as aforesaid, or any other per are not ac son, having received any such fees at any of the said Seven public ^receiv0? offices, shall neglect to account for and pay the same in manner may sue for aforesaid; or if any justice, justice's clerk, constable, officer, or the same in other person, who shall levy or receive such penalties or for an court of feitures, or shares of penalties or forfeitures, shall neglect to pay

the same into the hands of such receiver in manner aforesaid; 9

if any person having resigned such office of receiver, or having been removed from the same, shall neglect, within twenty-one days after notice for that purpose, to account for, and pay into the hands of the Succeeding receiver, all such Sums of money as shall remain in his hands, applicable to the purposes of this at, it shall be lawful for such receiver for the time being, in his own proper name only, or by his name and description of office, to sue for and recover the same, with double costs of Suit, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, or on the case, in which action it shall be Sufficient for such receiver to declare as for money had and received to the use of such receiver, for the purposes of this at; and the defendant or defendants in such action may, at the discretion of any judge of such court, be held to Special bail in such competent Sum as such judge shall order and direct; and in any such action against any Such person, so liable to account as aforesaid, the Said court in which such action shall be brought may, if such court shall think proper, at the instance of either of the parties, refer the account in dispute,

The receiver for the time

deceased receivers, C and recover from executors, C

594 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 53. [1792.

in a summary manner, to be audited by any officer of the said court, or other fit person, at their discretion; who may examine both plaintiff and defendant upon oath (which oath the said person shall have power to administer), and upon the report of inch referree, unless either of the parties shall Show good cause to the contrary, such court may make such a rule or order, either for the payment of such sum as upon such report hall appear to be due, or for staying the proceedings in such cause, and upon - such terms and conditions as to the same court shall appear reasonable and just, or the said court may order judgement to be entered up by confession, for such sum as upon such report hall appear to be due.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case of the death of any receiver to be appointed by virtue of this act, or of any person having resigned or

for money ir een remove from such office, or any of the other persons whom the hands of the Said receiver for the time being is authorised to sue as aforesaid, then and in such case the receiver for the time being may in his own proper name only, or by his name and description of office, sue for and, recover such sum of money as shall have been remaining, in the hands of such deceased receiver or other person, applicable to the purposes of this act, of the executors or administrators of such person deceased, in which action it shall be sufficient for the plaintiff in substance to state, that the deceased was indebted to the plaintiff for money had and received for the purposes of this act, or that the deceased died possessed of money had and received for the purposes of this act, whereby an action accrued to, the plaintiff, to demanded have the same of such executors or administrators; and the like action shall and may be brought against any executors or administrators of executors or administrators; in all which actions the defendant or defendants may plead in like manner, and avail themselves of the like matters in their defence, as in any action founded upon Simple contrasts of the original testator or intestate; and in all actions to be brought by such receiver, by virtue of this act, proof of the plaintiff's acting in the execution of such office shall be sufficient evidence of his holding the same, unless the contrary can be shown in evidence by the defendant or defendants in such action.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, His Majesty in That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and council may successors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, to to the l^ft^ces C re: the f*a^aries herein after mentioned to be paid to the justices?

appointed to attend each of the said seven public offices, for their time and trouble, and such further sums for their expenses in the said offices, and for the payment of clerks, peace officers, and others therein employed, in such manner as to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, shall seem meet: provided always, That the yearly Salary paid to each of the justices shall be four hundred pounds, clear of all taxes and deductions whatever: provided also. That the whole charges attending any one of the said offices (the said Salaries

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 53. 595

being included) shall not exceed the annual sum of two thousand pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and appoint a

it shall and maybe lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, receiver*

by and with the advice of his or their privy council, to appoint a proper person, not being one of the justices appointed to al at

either of the offices aforesaid, to be the receiver of the said seven public offices; which said receiver shall keep an exact and par Duty and

ticular account of all such moneys as shall be received by him by power of the / V receiver

virtue of any provisions of this al, and forthwith pay such parts

thereof as shall have arisen from any penalties or forfeitures, or shares of penalties and forfeitures, in the manner herein after mentioned, into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, and shall apply the residue thereof in discharge of the salaries, expenses, and charges attending the said public offices, and the carrying this act into execution, and shall make all such contracts andaisburfe ments as shall be necessary for the hirings sitting up, and furnishing proper and sufficient houses or buildings wherein the said leven public offices shall be held, in such manner as his Majesty, his flours and successors, by and with the advice and consent of his or their privy council, shall think proper to direct and appoint; of which said premises so to be hired, and the fixtures and furniture thereof, and of all other necessaries to be purchased for the purposes of this act, the property or interest so acquired therein shall be vested in the receiver for the time being, who shall and may in like manner fell, assign, and dispose of the same, or any part thereof, under the like directions and appointment, as occasion shall require; and such receiver shall forthwith, after his appointment, prepare proper lans and estimates of all such contracts and disbursements as shall be necessary for the purposes aforesaid, and shall deliver the same to his majesty's principal secretary of slate for the home department; and such receiver shall further do and execute all such other lawful matters and things, towards the establishment of the said seven public offices, and towards the carrying this al into execution, as his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, shall from time to time think proper to direct.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such receiver shall, every six months, and oftener, Receiver to if required, deliver to the lord high treasurer, or the lords com render ac missioner of his majesty's treasury for the time being, a full and to the11 particular account of all moneys by him received and paid as treasury. aforesaid, with vouchers for the same, which account shall be verified upon oath before any justice or baron of any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster; and such receiver, for his Allowance to care and pains in the execution of such office, shall and may re the receiver, tain to ms own use, out of the moneys so received by him as aforesaid, such sum, not exceeding five pounds per centum on the same, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, shall direct and appoint: provided always, That if it shall appear that the moneys herein If the moneys r before to be applied

£96 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 53. [1792.

in discharge of before directed to be applied by the said receiver, in discharge of beintofieient ares expenses, and charges attending the said seven pub the deticiency hek offices, and the carrying this af into execution as aforesaid, to be supplied shall not be sufficient to defray the same, the deficiency shall be out of the made up and supplied out of the fund called "The Consolidated Fund fund many anc^t^le en an Tear there shall be any surplus in the surplus car*of such receiver, he shall pay the amount of such surplus ried thereto, into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer; and the same, together with the moneys herein before diretfted to be paid into the said receipt of his majesty's exchequer, shall be carried to and made part of the said fund called "the Consolidated Fund.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority His Majesty in aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for his Majesty, his council may heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his or their privy tien of the^ counc^> to make such alterations, in the places where any of the offices, C said seven public offices shall be situated, or to make such alterations in the hours of attendance therein, and to make all such other regulations to be observed in conducing the same, as he or they from time to time shall think proper.

Acts directed

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to be done by whereby any law now in being, or hereafter to be made, any act is directed or authorised to be done by any justice or justices of the peace residing in or near or next the parish or place where any offence or other matter cognizable before them shall be committed or shall arise, the same jurisdiction shall and may be exer dfed by a justice or justices acting in such of the said seven publick offices as may be situated next or near such parish or place. XIII provided always, and be it enacted and declared. That

a justice near the place where an offence is committed, may be done by a justice acting at the ntxt public office.

justices ap no justices of the peace to be appointed as aforesaid, by virtue of

pint ky this at, shall, during their continuance in such appointment, be

pable of being capable of being elelsted, or of sitting as members of the house of elected mem commons.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ho justice, receiver, or constable, nominated and appointed as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall, during the time he or they shall continue in their respedkve offices, or within six months after he or they shall have quitted the same, be capable of giving his vote for the election of a member to serve in parliament for

bers of parliament.

Ko justice, receiver, or constable, under this act, capable of

giving his vote the counties of Middlesex or Surrey, or for the city and liberty of -^Westminster, or the borough of Southwark respectively, nor shall by word, message, writing, or in other manner, endeavour to persuade any elecdor to give, or to dissuade any eletdor from giving, his vote for his choice of any person to be a member to serve in parliament for the said counties, or for the said city and liberty of Westminster, or borough of Southwark; and every such justice, receiver, or constable as aforesaid - therein, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to the informer, the other moiety thereof to the use of the poor of the parish or place where such offence shall be committed, to be recovered by any person that shall sue for the same by action of

for the election of a member for Middlesex, C

Penalty of look for acting contrary hereto;

debt, billy

or information, 'in any of his Majesty's courts

x7920 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 53. 597

of record at Westminster, in which noeflbin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlanqe, shall be allowed; such action to be brought within the space of one year after such offence so committed: provided nevertheless, Ths act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to justice, receiver, or constable, as aforesaid, to an

tiv fiio in un

nalties, for any act or acts done by him or them, at or concerning charge of any of the said elections, in the discharge of his or their duty or duty, duties in their said respective capacities.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Justices may the justices to be appointed as aforesaid shall, in their respective offices, as soon as conveniently maybe after their appointment, 0fc0nfi: ables retain and employ a sufficient number of fit and able men, whom at their re they are hereby authorised and empowered to swear in, to act as spective offi* constables for preserving the peace and preventing robberies and ces other felonies, and apprehending offenders against the peace within the said counties of Middlesex and Surrey respectively, as well by night as by day; which said constables, so appointed and sworn as aforesaid, shall have all such powers and authorities, privileges and advantages, as any constable duly appointed now has, or hereafter may have, by virtue of any law or Statute now made, or hereafter to be made, and shall obey all such lawful commands as they shall from time to time receive from the said justices, for the apprehending offenders, or otherwise conducing themselves in the execution of their said office or employment; and such j ustices, or any two of them, shall and may at any time dismiss from his said employment every such constable belonging to their respective offices whom they shall think remiss or negligent in the execution of his duty, or otherwise unfit for the same, and appoint such others in their stead as to them shall seem meet: provided always,

That no greater number than six shall at one and the same time but not to ex

be so retained as aforesaid at any one of the said public offices .* C eed hx at

provided also, That if any person so appointed a constable as afore each

said shall be dismissed from his said employment as aforesaid, all

powers and authorities vested in him as a constable, under and by on dismission

virtue of this act, shall immediately cease and determine, to all intents and purposes whatever.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said receiver, out of the moneys herein before directed Receiver to to be applied in discharge of the salaries, expenses, and charges £a71tlie con attending the said public offices, shall and may pay to the con "at esl> stables so appointed as aforesaid, far their trouble and attendance as aforesaid, any sum not exceeding twelve shillings per week, and any extraordinary expenses they shall appear to have been necessarily put to in apprehending offenders, and executing the orders of the justices acting under and by virtue of this act, such extraordinary expenses being first examined and approved of by the justices attending the office in which such constables shall have been respectively appointed.

XVII. And whereas diverse ill disposed and suspesied persons, and reputed thieves, frequent the avenues to places of public resort, and

t nothing in this but not to subject any such extend to aas J t J done at elec V penalty or pe ac.

59? Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 53. [1792.

the streets and highways, with intent to commit felony on the persons and property of his Majesbfs subjects there being, and although their evil purposes are fujfciehtly manifest, the power of his Majestfs justices of the peace to demand of them sureties for their good behaviour hath not been of fuffcient ejfeft to prevent them from carrying their evil purposes into execution', be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the eleventh day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, it shall and may be lawful for any constable, headborough, patrol, or watchman, to apprehend every such person, and convey him or them before any justice of the peace; and if it shall appear before the said justice, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, that such person or persons is or are a person or persons of evil same, and a reputed thief or thieves, and such person or persons shall not be able to give a satisfactory account of himself or themselves, and of his or their way of living, and it shall also appear, to the satisfaction of the said justice, that there is just ground to believe that such person or persons was or were in such avenue, street, or highway as aforesaid, with such intent as aforesaid, every such person shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond, within the intent and meaning of the Statute made in the seventeenth year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues and vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of correction: provided always, That. if any person shall think himself aggrieved by the judgement of appeal to the ju^ce as aforesaid, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county or place wherein the cause of complaint shall have arisen, such person, at the time of his conviction, entering into a recognisance, with two sufficient sureties. personally to appear at the said sessions, to try such appeal, and to abide the further judgement of the justices at such sessions assembled; and in case such conviction shall be affirmed at such sessions, the said justices may adjudge such person to be a rogue and vagabond, and proceed against such person in the same man as might have ner as they might have done if such rogue and vagabond had been done if been committed to the house of correction until such general or

tlnr party had quarter sessions: provided always, That no person convicted un been committed.

Punishments not to exceed imprisonment to hard labour for six months.

Act not to deprive the

Constables may apprehend any suspicious person, and convey him before a justice, and if it shall appear upon oath that he is a reputed thies, che shall be deemed a rogue within 17 Geo. C 5,

Persons thinking themselves aggrie^ appeal quarter sessions.

If conviction be affirmed, the justices may proceed

der this act shall thereby become liable to any other punishment than imprisonment to hard labour for a term not exceeding six months, taking into the computation any actual imprisonment such person shall have suffered by his commitment until such session

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to deprive the mayor and commonalty ofa/ordon of anc citizens of the city of London, of any rights, privileges, or jurisdictions in jurisdictions which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exer bouthwark. cifed, or enjoyed, within the town and borough of Southwark, 2nd the liberties thereof, or to prevent the mayor of the city of London for the time being, and such of the aldermen of the said city

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 54. 599

who have born the office of mayoralty, and the recorder of the said city for the time being, from acting as justices of the peace within the said town and borough of Southwark, and the liberties thereof, in such and the like manner as they could or might have done in case this act had not been made.

[Continuance of this act.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in force until the first day of June, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LIV.

An act for more effectually securing the duties upon foreign printed, painted, or stained paper, imported into Great Britain.

[Preamble,]

WHEREAS the laws already provided for securing the duties payable on printed, painted, or stained paper, for hangings or other uses, imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, are not fujfcient to secure the due payment of the duties imposed by law, for or in respect of such paper; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, From Aug. 1, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred 179^> the offi and ninety-two, the officer or officers of the customs of the port ^oms^o or place where any printed, painted, or stained paper, for hang cause printed, ings or other uses, shall be imported, shall cause every piece or paper im jfheet thereof to be marked, (according to the directions herein ported to be after contained); and the commissioners of the customs in England raarke(b and Scotland respectively shall, on or before the first day of June frgf then" one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, provide proper customs, by frames and stamps, and such numbers or marks as they shall June X 179a, think fit, to denote the measure of all pieces of such printed, ]i0 provic!c, painted or stained paper, so imported or brought into Great Bri a^dsiribute tain, and proper stamps or seals to denote the charging the duties them to the thereon, and shall cause the said respective frames, numbers and officers, who. marks, and the said stamps and seals, to be distributed to the pro ar, t(^m(jf^ure per officers of the customs, for the several purposes before men every*piece of tioned; which officers are hereby enjoined and required to mea such paper in sure every such piece of paper, and to mark the same with such the manner frame mark and stamp in manner following; (that is to say), berem men every piece of less than half a yard in length to be marked and tl0ne*stamped at one end only; and every piece of half a yard in length, for upwards, to be marked and stamped at both ends of such piece; which frames, numbers, marks, stamps or seals, to be provided in pursuance of this act, may be altered or renewed, from time to time, as the said respective of shall from time to time think fit; and if any person whatsoever shall at any time counter Penalty for feit or forge any frame, number, or mark, provided by the com counterfeit missioner of the customs in England and Scotland respectively, for L S trames pr in marking such paper, or shall counterfeit or forge the impression

1 amps? Co. J

Penalty for cutting out frame marks, C

600 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 54. [1792.

of the same upon any printed, painted, or stained paper, every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and if any person whatsoever hall at any time counterfeit or forge any stamp or seal, or resemble any stamp or seat which shall be provided in pursuance of this atto denote the charging of the duties payable on the importation of such paper into Great Britain, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same upon any such paper, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the duties on such paper, then every such person so offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds; and in case any person shall at any time sell any printed, painted, or stained paper with a counterfeit stamp thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, and with any intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, every such offender shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall, with intent to defraud his Majesty of his just duties, wilfully cut out, obliterate or deface, or wilfully suffer to be cut out, obliterated or defaced, the frame mark, number, or mark put by any such officer or officers on any printed, painted, or stained paper to denote the measure thereof, every such person or persons shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every piece of paper or sheet of paper on which the frame mark, number, or mark, put by any such officer or officers, shall be so wilfully cut, obliterated, or defaced, and for affix

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That markst^c^person or persons whatsoever shall, with intent to defraud that have been his Majesty of his just duties, affix upon any piece of paper or used. sheet of paper printed, painted, or stained, any frame mark, or

any stamp or seal which shall have been before affixed on any other piece or sheet of printed, painted, or stained paper, then, and in every such case, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds, and allb every piece or sheet of such paper whereupon such frame mark, stamp, or seal, shall be so fraudulently affixed.

From Aug. i,

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

1792' 1116 at any time or times after the first day of August one thousand of

seven hundred and ninety-two, upon oath made by any credible

person or persons that he, she, or they have reason to suspect or believe that any foreign imported printed, painted, or stained paper, for which duty ought to have been paid or charged, or which ought to have been stamped as by this al is directed, is or shall be in the custody or possession of any printer, painter or stainer of paper, or other person trading or dealing the rein, or of any person or persons, for the use or on account of such printer, painter, or stainer, or other trader or dealer in printed, painted, or stained paper, without having thereupon such stamps or seals as are by this ast required to denote the charging the duties thereupon, it shall and may be lawful for the of of the excise in England or Scotland respectively, or any two of them within

of the customs, or a justice, may authorise an officer of the custoras or excise, with the assistance of a peace officer, to search suspected places in the daytime;

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. £4* pi

the limits of their jurisdictions respectively. for any justice of the peace, in any other parts of Great Britain, from time to time to issue their respective warrants, thereby authorising and requiring any, officer or officers of the customs or excise, with the assistance of a constable or other officer of the peace, in the daytime to search for the same, and to open doors, chests, trunks, and packages, and to seize such paper not having such ft amps or seals thereon as are by this at required, and that every such warrant shall be obeyed and executed accordingly; and such and any paper paper so found unstamped in the possession of such printer, painter, or stainer, or other trader or dealer, or in the possession of any forfeited*other person, for the use of such printer, painter, or stainer, trader, or dealer, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise; always, That remnants of no remnant of any piece of such printed, painted, or stained paper, length being of less length than shall be expressed by the frame mark by^he^rame thereon, being found in the possession of such printer, painter, or mark, stamped stainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein, having such stamp or at one end, seal as by this al is required at one end thereof, shall be forfeited by reason of not having such stamps or seals at both ends thereof: and if any person or persons shall obstruct or binder any of the Penalty for aforesaid officers from entering any such place or places for the obstructing purposes aforesaid, or in seizing or carrying away any paper by 0 cers? this act declared to be forfeited, every person or persons so offending shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds,

V. And, for the better preventing of frauds by the lengthening or adding to any piece or remnant of a piece of such printed, painted, or fained papery after such paper shall have been ftemped or sealed as by this act is reqtiiredy as well as to prevent the importation of printed painted or Jlained paper without being stamped or fealedy as by this act is requiredy be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any piece or remnant of foreign imported printed, painted, Foreign printer stained paper, not having such frame mark and stamp thereon as is by this acts required, (or having such frame mark and stamp frame mark, at one end or both ends thereof, and being of a greater length than C may be shall be expressed by such frame mark by the length of half a yard seized, and the or more), shall, after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, be found in the possession of any printer, L -?

painter, or stainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein, every such piece of paper or remnant shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise, and the printer, painter, or stainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein, in whose possession the same shall be found, shall also forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That How penalties all fines, penalties and forfeitures imposed by this af shall be sued ^nd^thei for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such ways, means or me application, thods as any fine, penalty or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered,

levied or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of (debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at ffffiminster^ or in the court of exchequer in Scotland V Rr ' respeo*

respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty or forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him pr them who hall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

Ad to commence Aug. 1, 1792, in matters where no special commencement is directed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall commence and take effect, as to all such matters and things therein contained, in respect whereof no special commencement is hereby directed and provided, from and immediately after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

CAP. LV.

An act to render more effectual an act, made in the twenty sixth yeas of his present Majestfs reign, intituled An act for vesting certain sums in of, at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the reduction of the national debt; and to direct the application of an additional sum to the reduction of the said debt, in case of future loans.

[Preamble,

a6geo.3. c. 3l. clause 20. recited,

w

and repealed.

When the interest of any redeemable

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, (intituled An act for vesting certain sums in of, at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the reduction of the national debt), it is enacted, That whenever the whole sum annually receivable by the said of, including as well, the quarterly Jim of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, therein directed to be issued from the exche query, as the several annuities and dividends of flock to be placed to the account of the said commis oners in the books of the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of the said act, Should amount in the whole to four millions annually, the dividends due on such part of the principal or capital stock as Should thenceforth be paid off by the Ja'id of, and the moneys payable on such annuities for lives or years, as might afterwards cease or determine, Should no longer be issued at the receipt of the exchequer, but Should be considered as redeemed by parliament, and Should remain to be disposed of as parliament should dir eft: and whereas any savings to arise from the reduction of the rate of any perpetual redeemable annuities ought to be placed to the account of the J'aid of, in like manner as the dividends on flock redeemed or purchased: and whereas it may be found expedient, that additional annual sums Should be issued from the exchequer, and placed to the account of the said of, over and above the said quarterly sum of two hundred and fifty th oufand pounds: and whereas, with a view to such cases, further provisions are necessary for more effectually carrying into execution the intention of the said act; be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said al as is herein before recited be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever the amount of the annuities payable in respect of any

redeemable

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 55. 603

redeemable capital stock now exiting shall be reduced, or any is re

such capital stock shall be paid off, by means of any sum of money ^ivoif

to be raised for that purpose, for which a new capital stock shall by money t aif

be created, bearing a lower rate of interest than the stock so to ed at a lower

be paid off, an additional annual sum, equal in amount to the interest, a sum

annual interest so saved, shall be thenceforth issued and paid by

quarterly payments, out of the consolidated fund, to the governor pavecf to

and company of the bank of England, and shall by them be placed faedquarterly

to the account of the said of; and that whenever the from the con

moneys to be placed to the account of the said of, to

consisting of the dividends of stock which shall have been rete account of

deemed or purchased by virtue of the said at, or of this add, (other the commis

than and except such capital stock as shall be redeemed or pur sioners; and

chased by the application of such moneys as are herein after di when the mo j i r a nics placed to

redted to be placed to a separate account, in consequence of new their account

loans), or of any other acd or acts of parliament, and of any an (except as nuities the terms whereof may be expired, and of any sums which herein except may be annually issued in consequence of any savings arising edq0a^01|t ta from the reduction of the rate of any existing annuities, shall exchiftve^f amount in the whole to the sum of three millions, exclusive of the the quarterly quarterly sums of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds directed sums to be isto be issued from the exchequer by the said add, or of any addi ^che^ue? tional annual or quarterly sums which may be directed to be issued dividends on from the exchequer, and placed to the account of the said com stock thence missioners by any future add or acts of parliament, the dividends forth paid off due on such part of the principal or capital stock as shall thence forth be paid off or purchased by the said of, other ( than and except such capital stock as shall be paid off or purchased by the application of moneys herein after directed to be placed to a separate account, in consequence of any new loans, and the moneys payable for such annuities for lives or years as may afterwards cease and determine, shall no longer be issued at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, but shall be considered as redeemed by parliament, and shall remain to be disposed of as parliament shall diredh

III. And, for more effectually preventing the inconvenient, and dangerous accumulation of debt hereafter, in consequence of any future loans, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when Exchequer ta ever any sums of money shall hereafter be raised by loans for pub account lick purposes, a separate account shall be kept, at the receipt of Of the interest his majesty's exchequer, of the annuities or annual interest to be of new loans, incurred in respect of the same; and in case the said loan shall be nd if provi raised for any other purpose than that of paying off same existing so^pay capital stock, bearing a higher rate of interest than the capital ing them off stock to be created by such loan, and shall be raised by perpetual in the case redeemable annuities, and provision shall not have been made by herein men parliament for paying off within fortyfive years the whole of the ^ftiona! sum - capital stock to be createdby such loan, from thenceforth, at the equai to*end of every quarter subsequent to the day on which the act or i iooth part acts of parliament by which such loan shall be created shall have of the stock, received the royal assent, an additional sum shall be set apart out ^0ii^the* ex

°1 chequer quarto

be con L as redeemed.

ers;

and if such

604 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 55. [1792.

ierly, and of the moneys composing the consolidated fund, and shall be issued accmfnt^f the at t^le^recept exchequer to the governor and company

commission f the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, the total annual amount of which additional sum shall be equal to one hundredth part of the capital stock created by such loans.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if such loan shall at any time be raised, in loans be raffed whole or in part, by annuities for any term of years longer than fortnyuterm forty five, or for one or more lives, or for lives with benefit of longer than 45 survivorship, a computation shall be made of what will be, at the years, C end of fortyfive years, the actual value, reckoning the rate of o?^cofinterest at ree poun<jsper centum, of such of the Paid annuities as sichas^ayhe may be expected then to be outstanding, and that the additional'expected to be fonn to be issued to the governor and company of the bank of then outstand* England, and placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, in consequence of the creation of such annuities, shall be one hundredth part of what shall be computed as aforesaid to be the future actual value, at the end of fortyfive years, of such annuities as may be expected then to be

ing, to be so issued.

Computation of such value to be made under the di

outstanding, as aforesaid; and the said computations shall be

<ers, and copies delivered to the speaker,

formed by and under the direction of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, with as much accuracy as the na rection of the ture of the case will admit, according to the nature of the parti — commission cular terms and conditions which may be prescribed by parliament relative to such annuities, or to any class thereof reflectively, and according to such tables of the probable duration of; lives as shall appear to the said of to be most applicable to the case; and copies of such computation, specifying the annual sum which, in consequence thereof, ought, by virtue of this atto be issued and placed to the account of the said of, shall be delivered to the speaker of the house of commons within fourteen days after any at of parliament for raffing such loan by annuities, as aforesaid, shall have received the royal assent; and it shall and may be lawful for the speaker of the house of commons, and he is hereby authorised and required, within three days after such computation shall have been delivered, as aforesaid, to certify to the of of the treasury and the auditor of the exchequer, the amount of the additional sum to be Thespeakerto issued as aforesaid; such certificate shall be to the said com treasur m^loners and auditor a sufficient authority for issuing such addi —

exchequer, the tional annual sum, by equal quarterly payments, to the governor amount of the and company of the bank of England, to be placed to the account additional sum Gf the said of for the reduction of the national debt, to be issued, n jjce manner as any other additional annual sum directed to be issued by virtue of this act, in consequence of any new loan; and the said of of the treasury and auditor are hereby required to issue the said sum accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the films hereby directed to be set apart at the end of each quarter, and issued to the governor and company of the bank of England

Sums to be issued under this atto be issued in the

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 55. 605

England, to be by them placed to the account of the commission order the loans

ers for the reduction of the national debt, in consequence of such iljlve tn

new loans as aforesaid, shall be so set apart and issued at the rep ace'

ceipt of his majesty's exchequer, at the end of each quarter, in

the order in which such loans shall have respectively taken place,

immediately after the sums which are directed to be issued and placed to the account of the said of by virtue of the said act of the twenty sixth of his present Majesty, or which may

hereafter be directed to be issued and placed to the account of the said of by any other act or acts of parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Whenever

if, after issuing the quarterly sums directed by virtue of the said not'mone^of act of the twenty sixth of his present Majesty, or which may have [he consoli ° been previously directed by any other act or acts of parliament as dated fund to aforesaid, there shall not remain, out of the moneys composing the pay the further consolidated fund, moneys sufficient to provide for the payment of ^onfe

the further quarterly sum directed to be set apart or issued by quence of any virtue of this act, in consequence of any new loan, the amount new loan, the of every such deficiency shall be carried forward and made good deficiency

in the same manner, and according to the same regulations and

provisions, as are prescribed by the said act of the twenty sixth of re&ecl by

his present Majesty, with respect to any deficiency of the quarterly a6 Geo. 3x.31.

sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds; and that all the regulations, provisions, powers, and authorities created or established by the said herein before recited act, for the making good any deficiency of the quarterly payment of the said sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, shall be valid and effectual for the purpose of making good, in like manner, any deficiency in the quarterly payments of the further sum directed to be issued by virtue of the present act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were herein particularly reenacted.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the amount of any deficiency which may arise at the end of Any deficien. any year, computed to the fifth day of January, either in respect cyinthequar of the payment of the quarterly lums of two hundred and fifty which^may11^ thousand pounds as aforesaid, or of any other quarterly sums arise at the which may be directed to be iiliied from the exchequer, and end of the placed to the account of the commissioners for reducing the na yeaj>to be tional debt, by virtue of any other actor adds of parliament, or ofanyfup«°ut f the quarterly sums directed to be issued by virtue of this acton plies granted account of any new loan, and whether the lame respectively shall for the current have arisen in any preceding quarter or quarters within such year, or an Pre' or in the quarter ending on the fifth day of January on which ce nsyear* such year shall end, may and shall be made good out of any aids or supplies which shall be, or shall have been granted by parliament, for the service of the then current year, as directed by the said act of the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty, or out of any aids or supplies which shall have been granted for the service of any year preceding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all moneys which shall be placed to the account of the said Moneys placed copunishoneist0theacc0ubt

of the of, to "be applied as herein mentioned, and the stock redeemed to be transferred to

dends placed thereto.

Sums placed to their account in consequence of any new loan

C 56. [1792.

of by virtue of this at shall be applied by them, either in payment for the redemption of such redeemable public annuities as shall be at or above par, in such manner and at such periods as shall be directed by any future act or acts of parliament, or to the purchase of any public annuities below, at, or above w p31*3 n manner respectively directed by the said recited act of 5"eir account the twenty sixth of his present Majesty, and that such part of the 2nd the divi principal or capital stock of any redeemable public annuities, as shall be redeemed or paid off by any sums to be issued or placed to the account of the said of, by virtue of this act, shall be transferred to the account of the said of, and that the dividends payable thereon shall, from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank of England, and hall by them be placed to the account of the said of: provided always, That any sums which hall, by virtue of this act, be issued or placed to the account of the said of, in consequence of any new loan, and which shall be applied to the redemption or purchase of any capital stock as aforesaid, and to be kept fe also the dividends payable on any stock so redeemed or purchased parate, C in each quarter, shall be placed to a separate account, in the names of the said of, to be kept in consequence of every such loan respectively; and that all the other powers and authorities, regulations and provisions, contained in the said a respecting the application of moneys issued or placed to the account of the said of, by virtue of the said af, or respecting the accounts to be rendered for the same, or the charges f management thereupon, or respedhng the security to be given by the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, shall be valid and effedhial with respect to the moneys issued or placed to the account of the said of, by virtue of this at (except so far as the same are herein expressly varied,) as fully as if the same were particularly re enacted.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any iincai CCC p€r*oil or persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure toffiffer death. to forged or counterfeited, or shall wilfully astor assist in the

forging or counterfeiting any certificate or certificates, order or orders, made forth by virtue of this present act, or alter any number, figure, or word therein, or present for payment, utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged, counterfeit, or altered certificate or certificates, order or orders (knowing the same to be forged, counterfeit, or altered), then, and in every such case, all and every such person and persons, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy,

CAP. LVI.

An act for preventing the counterfeiting of certificates of the characters of servants.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS maiy false and counterfeit characters of servants have either been given personally5 or in writings by evil disposed

Persons counterfeiting certificate, C

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 56. 607

posed persons beings or pretending to bethe mcifter, mistress, retainer, superintendant of such servants, by persons who have actually

retained such servants in their respective service, contrary to truth and jujilce, £0 the peace and security of his majesty's subjects: and,

whereas the evil herein complained of is not only difficult to be guarded against, y^great magnitude, continually increasing,

and no fujfcient remedy has hitherto been applied; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of July one thou Any person sand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any person or persons hall personating a falsely personate any matter or mistress, or the executor, admini agiving strator, wise, relation, housekeeper, steward, agent, or servant false character of any such matter or mistress, and shall either personally, or in to a servant writing, give any false, forged, or counterfeited character to any person offering him or herself to be hired as a servant into the service of any person or persons, then, and in such case, every such person or persons so offending hall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein after mentioned and in that behalf provided.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, or averting from and after the said first day of July one thousand seven hundred been hired and ninety-two, if any person or persons shall knowingly and for a peri0<j 0£ wilfully pretend, or falsely assert, in writing, that any servant has time, or in a been hired or retained for any period of time whatsoever, or in station;

any station or capacity whatsoever, other than that for which or in which he, she, or they shall have hired or retained such servant in his, her, or their service or employment, or for the service of any other person or persons, that then, and in either of the said cases, such person or persons so offending as aforesaid, shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein after mentioned and in that behalf provided.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, or was dif from and after the said first day of July one thousand seven hun ^er^me^r dred and ninety-two, if any person or persons shall knowingly and not been wilfully pretend, or falsely assert, in writing, that any servant was hired in any discharged or left his, her, or their service at any other time than previous fer that at which he or she was discharged or actually left such service,

or that any such servant had not been hired or employed in any

previous service, contrary to truth, that then, and in either of the said cases, such person or persons shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein after mentioned and in that behalf provided.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, or any person from and after the said first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any person shall offer himself or herself as vant> ptetend- a servant, affecting or pretending that he or she hath served in any ing to have service in which such servant shall not actually have served, or served where with a false, forged, or counterfeit certificate of his or her character, or shall in any wise add to cr alter, efface or crafe' any word, a false^certifi - date.

6o8 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 56. [1792.

cate, ot* who date, matter, or thing contained in or referred to in any certifi

certifkate^Cate §*ven to or IS or er^actual master

' or mistress, or by any other person or persons duly authorised by such master or miftrels to give the same, that then, and in either of the said cases, such person or persons shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein after mentioned and in that behalf provided.

r who having

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, ^rvke^hau^ romane ater t^le ^aic^ day f Jufy one thousand seven hun pretendnotto dred and ninety-two, if any person or persons having before been have been in in service, shall, when offering to hire himself, herself, or them such service; selves as a servant or servants in any service whatsoever, falsely and wilfully pretend not to have been hired or retained in any previous service as a servant, that then and in such case such person or persons shall forfeit and undergo the penalty or punishment herein after mentioned and in that behalf provided, shall, on con

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, viction, forfeit from and after the said first day of "July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, if any person or persons shall be convicted of any or either of the offence or offences aforesaid, by his, her, or their confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before two or more justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence or offences shall have been committed, (which oath such justices are hereby empowered and required to administer), every such offender or offenders shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, Application of one moiety whereof shall be paid to the person or persons on forfeiture. whose information the party or parties offending shall have been convicted, and the other moiety thereof shall go and be applied for the use of the poor of the parish wherein the offence shall have been committed; and if the party who shall have been so con vied shall not immediately pay the said sum of twenty pounds so forfeited, together with the sum of ten billings for the costs and charges attending such conviction, or shall not give notice of appeal, and enter into recognisance in the manner herein after mentioned and in that behalf provided, such justices shall and may commit every such offender to the house of correction, or some other prison of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, in which he or she hall have been convicted, there to remain, and be kept to hard labour, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, nor less than one month, or until he or she pay the said sum so forfeited, together with such costs and charges as aforesaid.

VII. And whereas it most frequently happens, That no person is present at or privy to the giving of the char after of a servant, except the persons by and to whom the same is given; be it further enacted Informer, though by the authority aforesaid, That the informer, in any of the cases entuledfopart aforesaid, shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be a good 01 ' ep"na Y and competent witness inlaw, notwithstanding he shall be intjtjed

the same shall be levied as

Perform not paying the penalty with costs, or not giving notice of appeal, C may be committed.

a competent witness.

to a part of the said penalty where aforesaid.

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 56. 609

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au Offenders dic thority aforesaid, That if any servant or servants, who shall have ^omplic^be been guilty of any of the offences aforesaid, hall, before any in sore informa formation has been given or lodged against him, her, or them, tien, indera for such offence, discover and inform against any person or per nified.

Tonnes concerned with him, her, or them, in any offence against this act, so as such offender or offenders be convicted of such offence in manner aforesaid, every such servant or servants, so discovering and informing, shall thereupon be discharged and indemnified of, from, and against all penalties and punishments to which, at the time of such information given, he, she, or they might be liable by this act, for or by reason of such his, her, or their own bffence or offences.

IX. And for the more easy and speedy conviction of offenders against this acly be it further enacted, That all justices of the peace, be Justices may fore whom any person or persons shall be convicted of any offence ons to bec" against this act, shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn drawn up in up in the following form of words, or in any other form of words the following to the same effect, as the case shall happen; videlicet,

TE it remembered, That on the form.

day of in the year of our

Lord. A.B. is Convicted before us

two of his Majesty's justices of the

peace for the county of

[Specifying the offence, and the time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be].

Given under our hands and seats, the day and year aforesaid.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Parties ag person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by anything done in pursuance of this act, such person may appeal to the justices of quarter fef the peace at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace to lions, where be held for the county or place wherein the cause of complaint the matter shall have arisen, such appellant entering into a recognisance, verminecf^in with two sufficient sureties, in the sum of twenty pounds each, a summary conditioned to try such appeal, and abide the order of, and to pay way, Sec. such costs as shall be awarded by such justices at such general or quarter sessions, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognisance; which said justices shall hear and finally determine the causes and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing or appealed against as they the said justices shall think proper, and the determination of such general or quarter sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all intents and purposes; and no conviction or order made concerning any matters afore Proceedings said, or any other proceedings to be had, touching thq convic not to be tien or convictions of any offender or offenders against this act, quashed for jfhali be quashed for want of form, or be removed by certiorari, 0vremovedbf

or certiorari.

io Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 57. [1792.

01* any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

CAP. LVII.

An act for the further regulation of parish apprentices,

WHEREAS by an act passed in the forty third year of the 4leliz. C %, V reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for the relief of the poor, it is (amongst other things) enacted, That it shall be lawful for the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of any parish, or the greater part of them, by the assent of two juf ices of the peace, to bind any children, whose parents they fall judge to be not able to keep and maintain such children, to be apprentices, where they fall see convenient, till such man child Should come to the age of twenty-four years, and such woman child to the age of twenty-one years, ar the time of her marriage, the same to be as effectual to allpurposes, as if such child were of full age, and by indenture of covenant bound him or herself and whereas, by an act made in the eighth and ninth years of the reign % Sc9guj, 3. of King William, intituled An act for supplying some defers in' C 30, and the jaws for the relief of the poor of this kingdom, after reciting, that there being doubts whether the persons to whom such children were to be bound, wider and by virtue of the said Statute of the forty third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, were compellable to receive such children as apprentices, that law had failed of its execution, it was therefore enacted, That where any poor children Should be appointed to be bound apprentices, pursuant to the said act of Queen Elizabeth, the persons to whom they are so appointed to be bound apprentices,

shall receive and provide for them according io the indenture signed and confirmed by the two justices of the peace, and also execute the other part of the said indentures, under the penalty, in case of re fufalk) of the forfeiture of ten pounds for every such offence, to be levied of the goods of the offender, in the manner mentioned in the said act: and whereas, by an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his isgeo.3. c. 47, present Majesty, intituled An act to amend such part of an act, recited. made in the forty third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An act for the relief of the poor" as relates to the binding of parish apprentices, it zuas enacted, That when any man child Should be bound to be an apprentice, by virtue of the said act made in the forty third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, such child shall be bound to be an apprentice for no longer term than till he shall come to the age of twenty-one years: and whereas in such indentures of apprenticeship, it hath been usual to insert several agreements and covenants to be done and performed by the several parties thereto; (that is to say) an agreement on the part of the apprentice, that he will faithfully serve his master during the term of such apprenticeship; and also * covenants on the part of the master, for himself his executors and administrators, that he the said master will teach or cause, to be,

- taught, finch apprentice in the business of husbandry, or in the craft, mystery, or occupation which such master then useth, as the case may be*and that such master shall also, during the term of such apprentice flnp, find and allow, unto such apprentice fuss dent meat, drink, apparel,

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 57.

lodging, and all other things needful for an apprentice, during fetch

term: and whereas, /tz event of the death of the maser during the

term of fetch apprenticeship, the agreement for service on the part of the apprentice is at an end., but the covenant for maintenance on the

part of the master fill continues in force, as far as the maser's assets

will extend, or doubts have arisen with respect thereto, and, in confer

quence thereof fetch apprentices do frequently, on the death of their

maser, leave their master*s house, and, after living in idleness, return

again and become a burden on their master's effects, and so from time to time as they think proper, which is attended with great inconvenience and hardship to the family and personal representatives of such

maser, and is at the same time an inducement to such apprentice to

continue in a disorderly and idle course of life: and whereas the several powers given to justices of the peace for the better ordering of parish apprentices, by the several acts of parliament made for that purpose, do

ceafs and determine on the death of the maser, for which a remedy ought to be provided: and whereas several other regulations are necessary to be made respecting parish apprentices: be it therefore enacted From July

by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice79^ jpve"

and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in maintenance

this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the of parish

same. That, from and after the first day of July one thousand apprentices,

seven hundred and ninety-two, in case of the death of any matter hait

or mistress of any parish apprentice, during the term of such apprenticeship, upon the binding out of which apprentice no larger given, to con

sum than five pounds has been or shall be paid, such covenant as tinue in force

is before mentioned for the maintenance of such apprentice. inno longer than* II'tlircc montns

ferted in the indenture of apprenticeship by which such apprentice after the death

shall have been or shall be bound, hall not continue and be in of the matter force for and during any longer time than for three calendar months next after the death of such mailer or mistress, and that during such three calendar months such apprentice hall continue to live with and serve as an apprentice, the executors and administrators of such master or mistress, some or one of them, or such person or persons as such executors or administrators, some or one of them, hall appoint; and the master or mistress'whom such apprentice hall accordingly serve during the aid three calendar months, and also such apprentice, hall during that time be subject and liable to all the laws which are or shall be in force for the better government and regulation of mailers and parish apprentices: and that in all such parish indentures of apprenticeship Provisotothat as aforesaid, which shall be made from and after the first day of effectto bean july one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, there shall be ^ant^but annexed to the covenant in such indentures to be entered into on omitted, the the part of the master or mistress of such apprentice, for such covenant to maintenance as aforesaid, a proviso declaring, that such covenant continue no shall not be made to continue and be in force for any longer time m

than for three calendar months next after the death of such master or mistress, in case such master or mistress shall die during the term of such apprenticeship; proviso may be in the form or to the effect mentioned in the schedule hereunto annexed,

612 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 57. [1792.

marked with the letter A; and in case such proviso Hi all happen to be omitted in any such indenture, the covenant therein contained on the part of the master, for the maintenance of the apprentice, hall be deemed and taken to continue and be in force for no longer time than for three calendar months next after the death of such master or miss refs, in case such master or mistress shall die during the term of such apprenticeship; thing in any such covenant to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it is just and reasonable, that such apprentice as aforesaid, in case of his mafteas death during his apprenticeship,

Should be obliged, during the term of his apprenticeship, to make forne satis 'atlion by his labour to the family or representatives of his deceased ?najlery for the advantages he has received from his apprenticeship in his childhood, vohen his services could not be equal to the expenses of Within three his maintenance \ be it enacted, That within such three calendar se^ath^ot monts after the death of such master or mistress, it shall and may a master two lawfyl for any two justices of the peace of the county, city, justices may town, riding, division or place where such master or mistress shall order appren have died, on application made to them by the widow of such the refid^uevof ma^er' or by the husband of such mistress, or by any soil or their terms daughter, brother or sister, or by any executol* or executrix, ad with persons ministrator or administratrix, of such master or mistress, by in of the descrip dorfement on any such indenture of apprenticeship, or the coun f ^cified^on terpart thereof, or by any other instrument in writing (which inapplication, dorfement, or instrument may be in the forms or to the effect CV mentioned in the schedule hereunto annexed marked with the

letters B. and (7.), to order and direct that such apprentice shall serve as an apprentice any one of such persons so making such application as aforesaid (such person'having lived with, and having been part of the family of, such master or mistress at the time of his or her death) as the said justices shall in their discretion think fit, for and during the residue of the term mentioned in such indenture of apprenticeship; and the person obtaining fudi order shall declare his acceptance of such apprentice, by subscribing his or her name to such order; and that from and after such order shall be made, the executors and administrators, and the personal afters, estate, and effects of the master or mistress so dying as aforesaid, shall be released and discharged of and from any pro jnife or covenant whatsoever, contained in any such indenture of apprenticeship, on the part of such master or mistress, his or her executors or administrators, to be done and performed; and the person obtaining the same shall be, and be deemed and taken to be, the master or mistress of such apprentice, in like manner as if such apprentice had been originally bound to such master or mistress; and that such last mentioned master or mistress, his or her executors and administrators, each and every of them, shall be held and bound by the several promises and covenants contained in any such indenture of apprenticeship on the part of the master or mistress therein named, his or her executors or administrators, to be done and performed, in like manner as if such matter or mistress obtaining such order as aforesaid had duly ex

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 57. 13

edited the counterpart of such indenture; and that such matter or mistress and apprentice shall be subject and liable to the several penalties, provisions and regulations which shall then be in force for the better government and good order of matters and parish apprentices; and that all justices of the peace shall have the like powers and authority, with respect thereto, as they shall then have by any at of acvs of parliament relating to parish apprentices.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the regu Provisions to lations and provisions herein before made, and directed to take place on place on the death of the original matter or mistress, shall be deemed^original and taken to relate to the like event of the death of any such master to ex subsequent matter or mistress, and to their several relations and tend to subse representatives before enumerated, from time to time, as often quest ones, as the case shall happen, during the continuance of the term mentioned in any such indenture of apprenticeship.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case no such apphca if no application shall be made as aforesaid within three calendar months tien be made next after the death of such matter or mistress, or in case such or the justices two justices, to whom any such application as aforesaid shall have fit that been made, shall not think fit that such apprenticeship Should be the appren continuedj then the said apprenticeship shall be determined, and ticeship Should the indenture of apprenticeship and covenants therein contained be continued, shall be at an end, In like manner as they would have been at^ej^ e at the expiration of the term therein mentioned.

V Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Act to extend before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any to such parish parish apprentice, but to such only as shall be living with, and apprentices shall make part of the family, or shall be in the actual employ^with ment, of such original matter or mistress, or of any subsequent the mailer matter or mistress appointed under and by virtue, of the several provisions of this a CL at the time of the death of any such matters or mistresses respectively.

VI. And whereas much difficulty and delay must necessarily happen in bringing an action upon the covenant for maintenance before mentioned contained in any such indenture of parish apprenticeship; it enabled, That in case any such original master or mistress as justices may aforesaid, or any master or mistress appointed under or by virtue order the northeast of this acts, shall, during the term of any such parish apprentice ceflary sums ship as aforesaid, or if the executors or administrators of such ^ce^ncf" matters or mistresses, any or either of them, having aftets, shall, ci0thing of during such three calendar months as aforesaid, refuse cr neglect apprentices to to maintain and provide for any such apprentice; according to the be levied by terms of such covenant, it shall and may be lawful for any two distress. justices of the peace of the county, city, town, riding, division, or place in which the parish or place shall lie, to which such apprentice shall belong, on complaint of such apprentice, or of the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish or place, by warrant under their hands and seals, to levy by distress and sale of the personal estate and effects or assets of such master or mistress respectively, such sum or sums of money as shall be nee diary for the maintenance and clothing of such apprentice,

6i4 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 57. [1792.

and as shall also be necessary to reimburse to the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish'or place, any sum orfums of money that shall have beeir reasonably expended by them for that purpose' '

And whereas it frequently happens that persons are compel table, under and by virtue of the said act of the ninth and tenth years of King William, to take a greater number of parish apprentices than it is convenient for them to maintain or employ in their own families, and they are therefore forced to place out or assign over such apprentices to other persons; and it is proper that such alignment Should be' legally made, under the inspection and control of the magistrates, as well for the benefit of the apprentice, as that the' original maser may be discharged jro?n his covenants in respect of such apprentice; and it is ft that the person to who?n such alignment shall be made, and a If the apprentice, Should be made subject to the ordinary jurij'diction of justices of the peace with respect to maser s and parish apprentices; be it enacted. Matters may That it shall and may be lawful for any matter or mistress of any allign over ap such parish apprentice as aforesaid, by endorsement on the inden the consent of ture f apprenticeship, or by other instrument in writing, by and two justices, with die consent of two justices of the peace of the county, city, C town, riding, division, or place, where such matter or mistress

shall dwell, testified by such justices under their hands, to allign fu£h apprentice to any person who is willing to take such apprentice for the residue of the term mentioned in such indenture of apprenticeship: provided always, That such person to whom such apprentice is intended to be assigned, shall at the same time, by endorsement on the counterpart of such indenture, or by writing under his or her hand, stating the said indenture of apprentice ship, and the endorsement and consent aforesaid, declare his or her acceptance of such apprentice, and acknowledge himself, herself, his, or hef executors and administrators, to be bound by the agreements and covenants mentioned in the said indenture, on the part of the matter or mistress of such apprentice to be done and performed; which endorsement or instrument may be in the forms or to the effect mentioned in the schedule hereunto annexed, marked with the letters D. and E.; and in such case such apprentice shall be deemed and taken to be the apprentice of such subsequent matter or mistress to whom such assignment shall be made, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and so from time to time, as often as it shall be necessary or convenient for any such subsequent matter or mistress to part with any such apprentice; and all justices of the peace shall have the like power and authority, in the several cases last mentioned, with respect as well to the subsequent matter or mistress, matters or mistresses, as to the apprentice, as such justices shall then have by any law for the better regulation of parish apprentices.

VIII. And whereas no express promfon has been made for the discharging of any such parish apprentice from a maser or mifrefs who is become irsolvent, or is so far reduced in his or her circumstances as to be unable to employ or maintain such apprentice; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for two justices of the peace of

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 57. 615

the county, city, town, riding, division, or place where any such Justices may master or mistress shall live, on the application of such master or mistress requeuing that any such apprentice may be discharged, hose matters for the reasons aforesaid, to inquire into the matter of such all cannotemploy gations, and to discharge any such apprentice from his appren or maintain ticeship, in case the said two justices shall find such allegations to tlem* be true,

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Not to extend before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the to apprentices indenture made on the binding of any apprentice, by the church morvth°ii5l wardens or overseers of the poor of any parish or place, or the pe given major part of them, under and by virtue of the powers given to

them by the Statute made in the forty third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, in the case of any such binding, where a larger sum than five pounds shall be given, but that such binding shall be subject and liable to the like rules and regulations as they would have been subject and liable to in case this act had not been made,

X Provided also, and be it enacted, That no endorsement or No endorse indorsements on any parish indenture of apprenticeship herein menton parish before mentioned, made or executed in pursuance of this a of, shall be charged or chargeable with any duty imposed upon stamped stamp duty, vellum, parchment, and paper, but the same shall be, an i are and no other hereby declared to be exempted therefrom, and that no other in instruments to strument or instruments in writing herein before mentioned, shall ^so herthan be charged or chargeable with any higher duty than with the duty the duty on imposed or to be imposed on parish indentures of apprenticeship. parish inden

XI. And whereas by an act passed in the twentieth year of the tures.

reign of King George the Second, intituled An act for the better 2o Geo.a c. 19. adjusting and more cafv recovery of the wages of certain servants, recited, and for the better regulation of such servants, and of certain apprentices, it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more justices, upon any complaint or application by any apprentice put out by the parish, touching or concerning any mifusage, refusal of necessary provisions, cruelty, or other ill treatment, of or to wards such apprentice, by his or her master or mistress, and due proof thereof to dfcharge such apprentice from his or her apprenticeship: and whereas instances of such ill treatment frequently occur, and it is fit that the expectation of such discharge Should not operate as ai in ducement to such ill treatment: be it enacted, That in every case Justices dif where any parish apprentice whatsoever shall be discharged from charging any his apprenticeship by two justices, under and by virtue of the said unde^the^aft last mentioned act, it shall and may be lawful for such two justices redted atto order such master or mistress to deliver up to such apprentice may order his his or her clothes and wearing apparel, and also to pay to such clothes to be churchwardens or overseers of the poor of the parish or place to which such apprentice shall belong, lbme or one of them, a sum exceeding 10l. not exceeding ten pounds, to be applied by them, some or one of to be paid the them, under the order of such justices, for the again placing and parish officers binding out such apprentice so discharged as aforesaid, or other hlm^utafain wise, for his or her benefit, as to such justices shall seem meet; ct

pel the parish officers to enter into recognisance to profec.nte mailers for ill treatment of apprentices, e.

616 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 57; [1792.

and also to pay a sum not exceeding five pounds, in case such master or mistress'shall refuse to deliver up such clothes and wearing apparel; and in case such master or misstress shall refuse to pay the sum so ordered by the said justices to be paid as aforesaid, or either of them, or any part thereof, it shall and may be lawful for such two justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, to levy the same by distress andfale of the goods and chattels of such master or mistress, together with the reasonable expenses of such and maycpm distress; and also, that it shall and may be lawful for such two justices, if they shall so think fit, to compel such churchwardens and overseers of the poor, some or one of them, to enter into a' recognisance for the effectual prosecution by indictment of such master or mistress for such ill treatment of any such apprentice so discharged as aforesaid, and also to order that the costs and expenses of such prosecution shall be paid and discharged, or reim- burr fed to such person or persons entering into such recognisance as aforesaid, one moiety thereof out of the poor rates of the parish or place to which such apprentice shall belong, and the other moiety, thereof out of the common stock of the county in which such parish or place shall lie; and in case the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish or place for the time being shall refuse to pay such their moiety as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such two justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such churchwardens and overseers of the poor, any or either of them, together, with the reasonable expenses of such distress"

"And whereas it is not expedient that such master or mistress Should he again eiitrufled with the care of another parish apprentice; be it enacted, That in every case where any parish apprentice shall have been so discharged from any master or mistress as aforesaid under and by virtue of the said Raft mentioned act, and such master he lafi recited and mistress shall have been convicted of such offence, in confe nct> when lia quence of such prosecution by indidfment as aforesaid, or shall\arhh ?akrcn kave been found guilty thereof in any action brought at the suit CL to pay to the party injured, it shall not be lawful for the churchwardens the pari in offi and overseers of the poor of any parish or place, or the major cersa Ium not part of them, to bind any other apprentice upon such person; but

exceeding jol whenever such person ought or would be compellable to take nor eis than. n u S, i r 1 r r*n

rl. for the a parish apprentice, it shall and may be lawful for any two justices

purpose of of the peace of the county, city, town, riding, division, or place

binding out where such person shall reside, upon application made to them by the caiki,xc. tjle churchwardens and overseers of the poor of such parish or place, to order and diredf that ftmh person shall pay into the hands of such churchwardens and overseers of the poor, some or one of them, a sum not exceeding the sum of ten pounds nor less than five pounds, for the purpose of binding out the child (intended to be bound) an apprentice, with the approbation of such two justices; and in case such person shall refuse to pay such sum as aforesaid, then that it shall and may be lawful for such two justices, by warrant under their Hands and seals, todevy the same by distress aftd idle of the goods and chattels of illch 'person, together with the

rea

Jp ft ices m ay order ny master convicted under

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 57.- 617

reasonable expenses of such distress: provided always, That it Matters may shall and may be lawful for such master or mistress as aforesaid, a^rtfef^e from whom any parish apprentice shall be discharged under and

by virtue of the act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of King George the Second, to appeal against the order made for such discharge as aforesaid, and also against any such order made for his or her payment of any such sum or sums of money in consequence thereof as aforesaid, or for his or her payment of any sum or sums of money in lieu of a subsequent binding, under and by virtue of the provisions of this act, to the next general quarter sessions of the peace of the county, city, riding, division, or place where such orders, any or either of them, shall be made, and upon such appeal the said court of general quarter sessions shall finally determine the same, and in their discretion allow to all parties their reasonable costs; and no such distress for enforcing the pay

On notice of

ment of any such sum or sums of money as are last mentioned, such appeal

shall be taken until after the general quarter session of the peace made till

to be held next after any such order as aforesaid shall be made, alter the

in case the person who is ordered to pay the same shall, within quarter fef

seven days, after notice given to him or her of such order being

made give notice to such churchwardens and overseers of the poor, some or one of them, of such intended appeal; and in case.

40s. penalty

such person shall fail to appear in support of his appeal at such r to

general quarter session, then the sum of forty billings shall be pear

added to the expenses of the distress before directed to be taken, and levied accordingly.

XIII. And whereas by the said last mentioned act it is also enacted

That it shall and may be lawful to and for two justices, upon application or complaint made upon oath by any master or mijlrefs, against any parish apprentice, touching or concerning any misdemeanor, mifear riage, or ill behaviour of such apprentice, to hear and determine the same, and punish the offender in such manner as is therein mentioned,

or otherwise to discharge such apprentice from his apprenticeship, and it is expedient to prevent the expectation of such discharge being an inducement to such ill behaviour on the part of the apprentice; be it enacted, That in all cases where any parish apprentice shall be Apprentices discharged by two justices, under and by virtue of the said last for

mentioned act, from his or her apprenticeship, on account of any may fenma misdemeanour, miscarriage, or ill behaviour on the part of such thvhouse of apprentice, jhat it shall and may be lawful for such two justices, correction, if they think proper, by warrant under their hands and seals, to punish such offender by commitment to the house of correction, there to remain and be corrected, and kept to hard labour, for a reasonable. time, not exceeding three calendar months, as to such justices hall seem meet.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall be Parties ag aggrieved by any matter or thing done, or omitted to be done, grieved may by any churchwarden or overseer of the poor, or by any of his q, ^er*fefjc majesty's justices of the peace, or by any other person or persons. under and by virtue of this at, besides such matters or things for which an appeal is herein, before specially given, it

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 57. [1792.

shall and may be lawful for such person or persons to appeal to the next general quarter sessions of the peace, where the same shall be heard and finally determined; and such court may award reasonable costs and expences to either party before them.

SCHEDULE Referred to in this Act.

A.

FORM of proviso to be added to the covenant for maintenance.

PROVIDED always, That the said laflr mentioned covenant on the part of the said F, M [the master] his executors and ad ministrators, to be done and performed, shall continue and be in force for no longer time than for three calendar months next after the death of the said FM. in case he the said FM. shall happen to die during the continuance of such apprenticeship, according to the proyilions of an act passed in the thirty second year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Here Jet forth the title of the at.]

B,

FORM of the order of two justices, directing a parish apprentice to continue with the widow [or as the case may he of his deceased mailer, by endorsement on the indenture or counterpart thereof; on which binding no more was paid than the sum for that purpose mentioned in this act.

County of WHEREAS F. M. [the mailer] within namedy J late of the parish of in the said county, died on the day of

being within three calendar months now lost pa (I, zve> tzvo of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county aforesaid, whose names are here unto subscribed^ on the application and at the request of A. M.., widow [or as the case maybe] of the said. M. living with and being part of the family of the \, said F. M. at the time of his deathrdo hereby order and

dirwyifat A. P. the apprentice within namedy who was. in the'fervui and actual employment of the said F. M.

at the time of his deathi Jhdll serve the said A. M. as such apprentice, for the Yefidue of the term of such ap prenticeship within mentioned, according to the provisions of an act passed in the thirty second year of the reign of King George the Thirds intituled An act for the farther regulation. q parish apprentices. jvitness our hands, this day of

j the above named A. M., do hereby declare, "That the above order is made at ?ny request, and that I do ac accept the said A. P. as my apprentice, according to the terms and covenants contained in the said indenture, and according to the provisions of the said act. Witness my hand, the day and year above written.

C

FORM of the like order, by a separate instrument.

Qonnty of WHEREAS it appears unto us, two of his ma jjeftfs justices of the peace for the said county, That A. P,

[the apprentice] was bound an apprentice, by the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of to F. M. [the matter] late of the said. and that the said

F. M. died on day of being within three calendar months now last pajl: novo we, the said two justices, on the application and at the request, See then, to the end as before, mutatis mutandis.]

n tfflawfci i

D.

FORM of the alignment of such a parish apprentice, with the consent of two justices, by endorsement on the indenture or counterpart.

County of 7 BE it remembered, that the within named F. M.

J [the master] by and with the consent and approbation of I. P. and K p. two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, whose names arc subscribed to the consent hereunder written, doth hereby difign A. P, the apprentice within named, unto N. M. [the new master] to serve him during the ref due of the term within mentioned', and that he the said N. M. doth hereby agree to accept and take the said A. P. as'an apprentice for the reftdue of the said term, and doth hereby acknowledge hun self his executors and administraters, to be bound by the

agree

agreements and covenants 'within mentioned on the pari of the said F. M. to he done and performed, according to the true intent and meaning thereof and pursuant to the provifwns of an ati passed in the thirty second year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An acte for the further regulation of parish apprentices. In wit. vjhereof we, the said. F. M and N. M, have here unto.set our hands, this day of

Ire, two of his Majestf s justices of the peace abovementioned., do consent thereto. witness our hands, this day of

1. p. V V

K. P,

E.

FORM of the like alignment, by a separate instrument,

WHEREAS it appears unto us, I, P. and K..P.

two of his Majest s justices of the peace for the fats county, whose names are subscribed to the consent hereunder written, that A. p. was bound an apprentice by the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the pardjb of, to F. M. of the same parish,

by indenture hearing date, on or about the day of until the said A. P.

Should attain his age of twenty-one years. Now be it remembered, that the said F. M by and with the consent, C [and so to the end, as before, mutatis mutandis.j

CAP. LVIII.

An act for the amendment of the law in proceedings upon information in nature of Quo Warranto.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it would greatly tend to secure the freedom of election, and the quiet, tranquillity, and good order of citiesr boroughs, and towns corporate, if a certain reasonable limitation of time Should be by law established, beyond which no member or officer, of any city, borough, or town corporate, Should be disturbed in the enjoyment or' exercise of his office or franchise which he Should have held and enjoyed for such time: be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

from the ift

assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after terar 7* dietrft day of Trinity term, in the year one thousand seven hun d^fendants to dred and ninety three, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant

informations

or defendants to any information in the nature of a £hto> in the nature jvaxraqto, for the exerci/e of any cilice or franch^ in any city,

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 58. 621

borough, or town corporate, whether exhibited with leave of the of Quo War court, or by his majesty's attorney general, or other officer of the crown on behalf of his Majesty, by virtue of any royal preroga of^ce> mhy^tive or otherwise, and each and every of them federally and replead the spectively, to plead that he or they had sir ft actually taken upon holding it fix themselves, or held or executed the office or franchise which is the subject of such information, six years or more before the ex CC y a hibiting of such information, such six years to be reckoned

computed from the day on which such defendant so pleading was Till

actually admitted and sworn into such office or franchise;

plea shall and may be pleaded either singly, or together with and /

besides such plea as he or they might have lawfully pleaded before the passing of this act, or such several pleas as the court on motion shall allow; and if, upon the trial of such information, the iitue joined upon the plea aforesaid shall be found for the defendant or defendants or any of them, he or they shall be entitled to judgement, and to such and the like costs as he or they would by law have been entitled to, if a verdict and judgement had been given for him or them upon the merits of his or their title.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every such Forfeiture of case the prosecutor of such information may reply to such plea, office within 6 any forfeiture, surrender, or avoidance, by the defendant, of such

office or franchise happening within six years before the exhibi maybe replied tien of such information, whereon the defendant may take issue, to such plea, and shall be entitled to costs in manner aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Title derived if any person or persons against whom any such information as under an dec aforesaid shall be exhibited, shall derive title under an election, not to be nomination, swearing into office, or admission by any person °raccount ofde persons, the title of such person or persons against whom such insect in the title formation shall be exhibited, shall not be defeated or affected by of the person reason or on account of any defedf in the title of such person or persons so eledsing, nominating, swearing into office, or admit ^ercife of his ting, in case such person or persons under whom title shall be office 6 years derived as aforesaid was or were in exercise de fasio of the franchise previous to or office (in virtue of which he or they so elected, nominated, the informa sworn in, or admitted) at a period six years at least previous to^k

the time of filing such information, and his or their title shall not M have been questioned by any legal proceeding carried on with 7/

effect /

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Officer having the mayor, bailiff, sheriff, town clerk, or other officer of any cor the custody of poration, having the custody of, or power over, the records

the same, shall, upon the demand of any person, being an officer permit any

or member of such corporation, on the payment of one billing, member

permit such person, on any day or days except Christmas Day, thereof to in

Good Friday, and Sunday, between the hours of nine in the morn the book, P. r 0 V, of ad million

ing and three in the afternoon, to lnipedt the booxs and papers Gf freemen,

wherein the admission or swearing in of the freemen, burgestes, &c.oupenalty

or other members or officers of such corporation, shall be entered, f took

and to have copies or minutes of the admission, or the entry of

swear

622

swearing iaof any one or more of such freemen, burgesses, or other members or officers, upon paying sixpence for every one hundred words for writing the same; and if such mayor, bailiff, sheriff, town clerk, or other officer, shall refuse or deny to any person, hereby entitled to demand it, the inspection of such books or papers, or to have copies or minutes thereof as aforesaid, such mayor, bailiff, sheriff, town clerk, or other officer shall, for every inch offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, together with full costs of suit, to him, her, or them, who shall inform and sue for the same within one year after such offence comr. mitred, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

CAP. LIX.

XV act to amend so much of two acts, made in the twenty sixth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the liceijhg of aleboife keepers and victuallers; and for better regulating alehouses, and the manner of granting fitch licences in future; and also of granting licences to persons selling wines to be drank in their hoifes.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second entitled, Ptcmlions of An for regulating the manner of licensing alehouses, in that a6geo.*. c. 3x. part of Great Britain called England, and for the more easy con jev.l. au vichng persons selling ale and other liquors without licence, it was amongf other things enacted, That if any licensed person Should die, or remove from an alehouses it Should be lawful for the person fiuc ceeding to such house to keep on the said alehouse during the residue of the term of such licence, on condition that, within thirty days after such death or removal, such person shall obtain such certificate as in the said act is mentioned., to be signed by some neighbouring justice, in order to its being produced at the general meeting in September; and if such certificate Should not be obtained and signed within the said thirty days, them immediately from and after the expiration thereof such licence flooidd be nidi and void: and whereas, by a certain other add, passed in the tvjenty ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon licences for retailing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors; and for establishing a method for granting such licences in Scotland, and for allowing such licences to be granted at a petty session in England, in a certain case therein mentioned, it was amongst other things enactedr sthat if any person so licensed to sell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquor fouid die, or remove from the alehouse or other place wherein such ale, beer, or other liquor Should, by virtue of such licence, be sold, it Should and might be lawful for the executors, adminif rotors, and assigns of such person dying or removing, who should be possessed of such house or place, or the occupier thereof, to sell ale, beer., or other, liquors therein, during the ref due of the term for which such licence Should

bav*

iggeo.a. c.ia, sect. 23, 24» recited.

have been granted to the person so dying or removing, without any certificate from any justice of the peace, or any new licence to be had or obtained in that behalf anything in the said a CL made in the twenty firth year of the reign of his late Majesty, or any other law, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: and it was by the said act further friacted, That in case any alehouse or victualling house y in that part of Great Britain called England, Should become empty or unoccupied after the general day appointed for licensing (the occupier whereof was duly licensed the year preceding), it Should be lawful for any two or more of his Majests justices of the peace, at a petty session* to grant a licence to any new tenant or occupier to open such house as an alehouse or victualling house, and to sell ale there till the next general licensing day, so as the said licence be Jiamped as therein directed, such new tenant or occupier obtaining such certificate as is directed and prescribed in and by an ati of parliament, made in the tweniy sixth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for regulating the manner of licensing alehouses in that part of Great Britain called England., and for the more easy convincing persons selling ale, and other liquors, without licence: and whereas it is expedient that same other provision fltoidd be made respecting the continuance of the licences of alehouses or victualling houses, in cajes of persons so dying or removing the reout as aforesaid, and that some further regulation Should be made respecting the granting of licences for the sale of ale, beer, and other liquors, by retail, and for ike better government of alehouses or victualling houses, in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed: be it. therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the ldrds spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the above recited provisions in the Recited pro said ll of the twenty sixth and twenty-ninth years of his late visions repeal majesty's reign, so far as the same relate to such parts of Great they^eete to Britain, hall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that, England, from and after the thirty first day of July one thousand seven Wales, and hundred and ninety-two, if any person duly licensed to keep an Berwick up0li alehouse, inn, 'victualling house, or to sell ale, beer, or other ex well*liquors, by retail, in any house within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of houiv keepers Berwick upon Tweed, shall happen to die before the expiration^of die or remove, such licence, or if any person so licensed, or the executors, adtni C before the nistrators, dr assigns of any person dying so licensed, hall remove thfir licenc^ from or yield up the poke hi on of such house in which such ale, new ones nvvv beer, or other liquors hall by virtue of such licence be sold, and be granted to shall assign such licence, or in case any such house hall become executors or empty or unoccupied, the late occupier whereof was duly licensed at the lafc general licensing day in September, previous to the time Keen fine; dav, such house became empty or unoccupied, then and in every such on certain case (except as herein is other wise provided) it shall and may be conditions. lawful for two or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place, at a petty sessions to be fcolden within and for the lame division in which such ho life (mil

624. Anno regni tficesimo secundo Georgii III. c. $9. [1792.

be situate, to grant a licence to the executors, administrators, or assigns of the person so dying, who shall be possessed of such house, or to any new tenant or occupier, upon such removal, or the house becotviing empty or unoccupied as aforesaid, to open or continue open inch house as an alehouse or victualling house, and to sell ale, beer, 'and other liquors aforesaid there. H the next general licensing day, so as the said licence be {lamped as by the aforesaid Statutes in that behalf is directed; or for the said justices, in their discretion, to allow to such executors or administrators, or other persons aforesaid, possessed of any such licence, to continue open such house for the purpose aforesaid, under and by virtue of such licence, until the expiration thereof, every such executor, administrator, or assign, and every such tenant or occupier, respectively, in every such case, obtaining, within thirty day after such death or removal, or after his or her entering upon the possession of such house, and producing to the said justices such certificate, and entering personally into such recognisance, with such sureties as is directed by the said in part recited act of the twenty sixth year of his said late Majesty, in respect to persons to whom licences are to be granted by virtue of the said Certificates act; which said certificate and recognisance, with the condition

and recogni thereof fairly written or printed, and attested by the justices grant cd^by^h^act" nr or lowing such licence, shall forthwith, or at the next ge to be sent to 1 "rr C r.., /i r -

clerk of the peace to be recorded.

and Surrey, the j list ices at the general licen ling meetings to

neral or quarter sessions of the peace at farthest after granting such licences, be sent or returned to the clerks of the peace, to be by them, or other persons acting as such, duly entered or filed amongst the records of the sessions of the peace.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority In Middlesex aforesaid, That in the respebf ive counties of Middlesex. and Surrey the justices assembled at the general licensing meetings held for the respective divisions within the same, hall have full power and authority, and they are hereby directed and required to appoint not less than six nor more than eight special days of meeting at appoint special different equal periods, as near as may be, in each year next en*vne.., ca, C suing such general licensing meetings; on which days it shall and may be lawful for two or more justices abfing in and for the said divisions, to meet and to grant or continue licences in the cases and in the manner and for the time herein before.mentioned $ and the justices assembled at the said general licensing meetings are hereby directed and required to cause due notice to be given of the times and places at which such special meetings shall respectively be held.

at which they Ilf. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That iicenlecf^r0^ait p erson so licensed as aforesaid, within the said counties of fons remow M'uidiefex and Surrey, or the executors, administrators, or assigns inge. and of any person dying so licensed, shall remove from such house, or producing the yield up the possession thereof in manner aforesaid, or in case any tificatep such house, within the respective counties aforesaid, shall be or a continuance become empty or unoccupied, in manner aforesaid, then and in of licences, every such case, before such licence shall be continued, or a new licence granted to open or continue open any such house as aa

e ale

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 59.' 625'

alehou fc inn, or victualling house, the person or persons so fuc cceding as the occupier or occupiers thereof hall appear at the the next special meeting to be held for the division wherein such house shall be situated; and the justices assembled at such special meeting hall and may (upon such certificate being pro. to them, and such recognisance being entered into as is herein before mentioned) grant a licence to such new tenant or occupier, or in their discretion allow a continuance of any licence before granted, in manner aforesaid, to open or continue open such house as an alehouse, inn, or victualling house, and to sell ale, beer, and other exciseable liquors there until the next general licensing day; anything in the act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act cesto be

contained shall extend, or be construed. to extend, to imppwer granted at any justices of the peace at any petty sessions to grant any new petty tedious licence to any house, the occupier whereof was not duly licensed J houses not at the general licensing day next before such petty sessions as i^aerai ucenf aforesaid _ day.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing The times of -

herein contained hall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter granting lithe time or times of granting licences for keeping of common nf

inns or alehouses, or to oblige persons not Licensed the year pre ed/nor per" ceding, to produce certificates in the city of London. fons not licensed the year preceding obliged to produce certificates in London.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons enter, every person so entering into the possessfon of any Licensed ale cenmhouses house, inn, or victualling house, who shall sell any ale, beer, or without the other exciseable liquors, unless authorised and empowered so to do authority of by the justices at the petty sessions next ensuing after the expira the justices, tien of such thirty days, in the manner herein before directed, to pe hall from thence be liable to all the penalties, punishments, and forfeitures, to which persons selling ale, beer, or other liquors, by retail, without a licence, are subject by an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for altering the stamp duties upon admissions into corporations or companies, and for further fe curing and improving the ft amp duties in Great Britain 5 any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Persons ob that the certificate herein before directed to be obtained by the taining the person or persons requiring to be Licensed, shall, after the obtain jl*g^2gr^nccr"

ing thereof, be an indemnity to him, her, or them, for selling any demnuievtili beer, ale, or other exciseable liquors, till after such petty sessions the petty fef shall have been held, lions,

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That clerk of the

in all cases where the continuance of a licence shall be allowed, peace to re or a new licence shall be granted as aforesaid, by the justices at cord the con any petty sessions, the clerk of the peace for the county, riding,

division, or place, where the house is situate, shall record the V^vw.

his house, without having a beer licence.

626 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 59. [1792.

same, and shall be paid the sum of one shilling for recording the allowing or granting of every such licence, 'and no more.

Trotn o6u10,

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, fo7n to^elfcr" from and ater tent day f October one thousand seven hun' wine by retail, dred and ninety-two, it hall not be lawful for any person or to be drawn in persons whatever, in any county, riding, city, borough, town corporate, or place in Great Britain, by virtue of any licence or licences granted or to be granted by any of the of or officers of excise, for the sale of foreign wines, or British mads wines, or sweets, by retail, to sell the same by retail, to be drank in his, her, or their house or houses, or place thereto adjoining or belonging, except such person and persons only to whom a licence shall have been granted by justices of the peace, or other Justices t officers, to sell ale, beer, and other liquors in the same house or!, ale me houses reflectively; and the several justices of the pegee, and all over fudi^re ot^er officers in and throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, tailers of wine, be, and are hereby empowered and authorised to have and as they have exercise the same jurisdictions, powers, and authorities over such leer ^ers °^ retaders of foreign or British made wines or sweets, who shall e ' sell the same to be drank in his, her, or their house or houses, or

place thereto adjoining or belonging, as aforesaid, as they now have or exercise, or are entitled to have or exercise, over persons licensed to jell ale, beer, and other liquors, by any Statute whatsoever; and if any person or persons shall sell or cause to be sold by retail as aforesaid, any foreign or British made wines or sweets, to be drank in his, her, or their house or houses, or place thereto adjoining or belonging, without having a licence to sell ale, beer, and other liquors in the same house or place, every such person or persons shall severally and respectively forfeit and pay for every such offence the like penalty and penalties as are inflicted on persons for selling ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors, without licence, by an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his pre 5 Geo. 3. c. 46, sent Majesty, intituled An act for altering the stamp duties upon cdmijjigns into corporations or companies, and for securing and improving the stamp duties in Great Britain, to be adjudged, recovered, levied, certified, and applied in such and the like manner, and under the like terms, and with the like powers and authorities, as the several penalties inflicted by the said act are hereby, or by any other act or acts of parliament relating thereto, directed to be adjudged, recovered, levied, certified, and applied.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act for of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or General ifliic. persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall be passed for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant shall Treble cells, have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XL Provided; always and be it further enacted by the authority

Penalty for selling wine by retail, without having a beer licence.

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 60. 627

rity aforesaid, That nothing In this act contained shall extend, or Not toext'end be construed to, extend, to any person who shall be a maftef, combalv^&c! warden, freeman, or one of the commonalty of the vintners of '

the city of London \ or to any person who shall be licensed by the chancellors or vice chancellors of the two universities, in that part of Great Britain called England or either of them 5 or to any person who shall keep one of the three several wine taverns within the borough of Saint Albans, in the county of Hertford licensed by the mayor and burgess thereof, according to the tenor of certain letters patent granted by Queen Elizabeth and King James the First, for and towards the maintenance of th free Freemen of school there: provided nevertheless. That no person who, from the vintners and after the said tenth, day of October one thousand seven hun companyvby dred and ninety-two, shall be admitted to the freedom of the said aftetoct°nio, company of vintners of the city of London, by redemption only, 1793j not ex shall be exempted from the obligation of obtaining a licence to empted from retail ale, beer, and other liquors, to be granted in manner afore this a said, but that the freemen only of the said company, who have been already admitted to their freedom, or who, from and after the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be admitted to their freedom in right of patri*fnony, or apprenticeship, shall be entitled to such exemption.

CAP. LX.

An act to remove doubts respecting the functions of juries in cases of libel.

[Preamble.]

[On the trial of an indictment for a libel, the jury may give a general verdict upon the whole matter put in issue, and shall not be required by the court to find the defendant guilty merely on the proof of the publication, and of the sense ascribed to it in the information.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen whether on the trial of an indictment or information for the making or publishing any libel, where an issue or issues are joined between the King and the defendant or defendants, on the plea of not guilty pleaded, it be competent to the jury impanelled to try the same to give their verdict upon the whole matter in issue; be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, on every such trial, the jury sworn to try the issue may give a general verdict of guilty or not guilty upon the whole matter put in issue upon such indictment or information; and shall not be required or directed, by the court or judge before whom such indictment or information shall be tried, to find the defendant or defendants guilty, merely on the proof of the publication by such publication, defendant or defendants of the paper charged to be a libel, and of the sense ascribed to the same in such indictment or information.

[But the court shall give their opinion and directions o the matter in issue, as in other criminal cases.]

II. Provided always, That, on every such trial, the court or judge before whom such indictment or information shall be tried, according to their or his discretion, give their or his opinion and directions to the jury on the matter in issue between the King and the defendant or defendants, in like manner as in other criminal cases.

III. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend,

628 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 61 — 63. [1792.

[Jury may find a special verdict.]

or be construed to extend, to prevent the jury from finding a special verdict, in their discretion, as in other criminal cases.

[Defendants may move in arrest of judgement, as before passing this act.]

IV. Provided also, That in case the jury shall find the defendant or defendants guilty, it shall and may be lawful for the said defendant or defendants to move in arrest of judgement, on such ground and in such manner as by law he or they might have done before the passing of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXI.

An act to indemnify persons, being proprietors, printers, and editors of newspapers and other publications, from certain penalties incurred under several acts therein mentioned, relative to lotteries.

8 Geo. 1. c. 2. 12 Geo. 2. c. 28. 22 Geo. C 47. and 27 Geo. 3. c. 1.

[Public act.]

[General issue.]

recited. Printers, proprietors and editors of newspapers, C indemnified against actions for penalties incurred before July 2, 1792, by the recited adds respecting publishing plans and proposals depending upon the lottery.

CAP. LXII.

An act for removing the stand of hackney coaches out of New Bond Street and Old Bond Street, in the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the liberty of Westminster.

[Public act.]

No coach to ply for hire in New or Old Bond Street. Penalty on persons offending, not more than 40s. nor less than 10s. one moiety to the informer and the other to the poor of the parish of St. George Hanover-square. Imprisonment for nonpayment. Prosecution to be within seven days.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for granting relief to pastors, ministers, and lay persons of the episcopal communion in Scotland.

So much of 10 Annae, C 7; of 5 Geo. 1. c. 29; of 19 Geo. 2. c. 38; and of 21 Geo. 2. c. 34; as relate to imposing penalties, con persons resorting to episcopal chapels in Scotland, or officiating the rein, repealed. Ministers of episcopal chapels within six months to take the oaths of allegiance, C and subscribe the following declaration;

JA.B. pastor of a congregation of persons in the episcopal communion in Scotland, meeting for divine worship, at in the county of do willingly and ex animo

subscribe to the book of Articles of Religion agreed upon by the archbishops and bishops of both provinces of the realm of England, and the whole clergy thereof, in the convocation held at London in the year of our Lord one thousand five hundred and sixty two; and I do acknowledge all and every the articles therein contained, being in number thirty-nine, besides the Ratification, to be agreeable to the Word of God.

And produce to the clerk of the Afire, See. a certificate of his having so qualified. Clerk to make an entry of certificates, and send copies to the clerk of each house of parliament, Sec. One copy to be affixed on the outside of the meeting house, and the other within. Twenty pounds penalty on ministers officiating without having qualified.*Ministers to pray for the royal family. Twenty pounds penalty for not so doing. Ministers offending against this act, incapable of voting for a member of parliament in Scotland, Sec. Assemblies for religious worship to be held with doors unfastened. Ministers of the episcopal communion in Scotland incapable

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 64, 65. 629

of taking any benefice in England, unless ordained by a bishop. Five pounds penalty on persons present at divine service in any episcopal meeting where the royal family are not prayed for. Prosecutions for offences to be commenced within iz months. No peer of Scotland capable of being elected one of the 16 peers, or of voting in the election of them, who shall be present twice in one year in any episcopal chapel where the royal family is not prayed for. Any peer present at such election may make the objection, and if proved on oath, the peer incapable of voting or being chosen. Confession of any peer not to be made use of upon prosecution for penalty. No person capable of being elected, or of voting in the election of a member of parliament, C in Scotland, who shall be present twice in one year at divine service where the royal family shall not be prayed for, and every candidate, C may prove the objection by witnesses on oath. Public at.

An act for repairing, altering, and improving the parish church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the city of London; and for providing a workhouse for the same parish.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Trustees appointed. Appointment of new trustees. First meeting of the trustees to be within one month of the first of May 1792. Notice of adjournment, and if a sufficient number of trustees not present, the clerk to summon the trustees to attend at a future day. Proceedings to be entered in a book. No act to be valid, if not done at a meeting. Majority at public meetings to act, if five be present. Trustees who arejustices may act as such. Trustees to sue, and be sued, in the name of their treasurer. Treasurer to be reimbursed his expenses. Trustees to appoint the treasurer, and other officers; and may allow salaries to officers. Trustees may repair the church. Trustees to provide a workhouse. Money belonging to corporations to be re inverted, Trustees may contract for work to be done under the act. Trustees may compound for any penalties. Churchwardens to pay the relit of the ground hired. Monuments, See may be removed; but shall be replaced. Rates for raising money to be applied for the purposes of this act, not exceeding two billings in the pound. Where houses are let in different apartments, the whole house charged with the rate. Agreements between landlord and tenant not to be altered. Clerk to make entries in books to be signed by the trustees. Recovery of rates. Power to sue for rates, penalties, and fines. Persons aggrieved by the rate may appeal. Collectors to account. One hundred pounds penalty on collectors not paying over the money when amounting to 50l. For recovering money, in case treasurer, Sec. dies, or becomes bankrupt. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Inhabitants may be witnesses. Money may be raised by annuities. Contributors names to be entered upon a book. Contributors to have receipts; and an order for payment of annuities. Allowing securities to Be transferred. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover, if tender of amends has been made. Proceedings not to be vacated for want of form. General appeal. Limitation of actions.

An act to extend and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant seas.'

26 Geo. z. C 18. recited. The Turkey company may appoint persons to administer the oath prescribed by the recited act, to British subjects resident in foreign parts, who, after taking the same may be admitted into the company. Treasurer of the company may supply the place of the governor and deputy governor at courts, C

CAP. LXIV.

CAP. LXV.

>30 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 66, 67. [1792.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for providing an additional burying ground for the use of the parish of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlesex and for shutting up the present foot path leading through the church yard, and making a commodious one in lieu thereof.

Trustees. When trustees are reduced to ten, new ones to be elected by the survivors. First meeting of the trustees to be upon ten days notice in the church. Trustees to defray their own expenses. Majority at public meetings to at, if five of the trustees are present. actions to be brought in the name of the churchwardens, who shall be reimbursed their expenses. Trustees to appoint officers; and take security. Power to purchase lands. Persons refusing to treat and agree, jury may affiefs the value. "Money. assessfed how to be tendered. Money belonging to corporations.

[Public act.]

Scc. to be reinvested. By whom the expenses of the jury and witnessie9 are to be defrayed. To cause the additional new burying ground to be enclosed with a brick wall seven feet high, and to build a house for a person to reside in, and protect the said ground, and may build vaults for burial of the dead. Power to borrow money. Power to raise money by annuities. No greater sum.to be taken from the poor's rates, 'than one penny in the pound at the rack relit. Securities for moneys lent may be transferred. Copies of assignments and transfers to be entered in a book. No preference to be given to persons lending money. The churchwardens to account yearly, and pay their balances to the trustees. The over kers also to pay half yearly the sums required by the trustees, not exceeding one penny in the pound. Expenses of this add to be first paid. Foot path through the church yard to be shut up, and another to be made in lieu thereof. Appropriating the overplus rents of the church Jands. Pro ceedings of trustees to be entered in a bosk. Limitation of actions. ge acral illu'e. Treble ccfts.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for extending certain acts therein mentioned to petty officers'and seamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, and marines, serving, or who may have served, on board any of his Majesty's ships, and ref ding in Ireland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the thirty first year of the reign of 31 Geo.3. c. 10. W his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen employed in the royal navy; and for establishing a regular method for the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more eafdy and readily to remit the same for the support of their wives - and families; and for preventing frauds and abuses attending such payments: and also another act passed in the third year of the reign 3 geo, C 16. of his prese?it Majesty, intituled An act to empower the commissioners or governors of the royal hospital for seamen at green which, after defraying the necessary expenses thereof, to provide for such seamen worn out and become decrepit in the service of their country, who shall not be provided for within the said hospital; to enable them to receive such pensions as shall be granted them by the said of or governors in the moil easy and convenient manner; and for preventing frauds and abuses attending the same: and also another act passed in the twenty sixth a6geo.j, c«63. year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the further preventing frauds and abuses attending the payment of

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67.

wages, prize money, and other allowances, due for the service of petty officers and seamen on board any of his majesty's ships:

and also another act, passed in the thirty, second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for explaining and amending an 32geo, CI

act, passed in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty anking

George the Second, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen employed in the royal navy; and for establishing a regular method for the puriftual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the support of their wives and families; and for preventing frauds and abuses attending such payments and for further extending the benefits thereof to petty officers and seamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, and marines, serving, or who may have served, on board any of his majesty's hips: and also another act passed in the said thirty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled., An act for explaining and amending an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An act for the further preventing frauds and abuses 3*Geo.3. c. 34* attending the payment of wages, prize money, and other allowances, due for the service of petty officers and seamen on board any of his majesty's ships ft and for further extending the benefits thereof to petty officers and seamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, and marines, serving, or who may have served, on board any of his majesty's ships: whereas it is just, and would be it further encouragement to seamen and marines, that the provisions in the said acts should be extended towards enabling them and their representatives to recover payment of their wages, and other allowances, in the kingdom*of Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, I hat when and so often as any hip or vessel belonging to veffils,

j*o o not in any

his Majesty which mail not be iir any port of Great Britain, or port of Great

on the coast thereof, hall have twelve calendar months wages or Britain or the

pay due, the captain or commander of such hip or vessel shall coast thereof,

read over, or cause to be read over, in a distinct audible manner, months,

the names of all the inferior officers and seamen, and non com the^cap

miftioned officers of marines, and marines, belonging to such hip tains to cause or vessel, and hall cause every such officer, seaman, non com the names of

missioned officer of marines, and marine, to answer to his name, officerst&c

and shall do the same from time to time at the end of etfery six to be read

calendar months as long, as such ftiip or vessel hall have twelve over, and to

calendar months or more wages or pay due as aforesaid; if transmit lists

any such officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines,

or marine, hall thereupon declare by word of mouth, or de wages jq £, e

liver in writing the name and place of abode of his wife, father paid torela

or mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother or lifter, and desire tiens m Ire

that the whole or any part of his wages or pay then due, except boarcf

the wages or pay that shall be due for the lait iix calendar months nav

of his service on board such ship or vessel (provided the last six

months wages is sufficient to defray the charges against him)

Tt 3 - fcould

632

Commissioners of the navy, upon reeeivm

iouc'v

form.

should be allotted and paid to his said wife, father or mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother or filler, by any collector or revenue officer in Ireland, then and in such case the captain of commander of such ship or vessel is hereby llridlly required and enjoined to cause four lists to be made out, which shall contain the names of all such inferior officers, seamen, non commissioned officers of marines, and marines, as shall be desirous to remit to their wives, fathers or mothers, grandfathers, grandmothers, brothers or filiers, the whole or any part of their wages or pay, except for the last six calendar months of their service as aforesaid; in which lifts the amount of the wages or pay so desired to be paid, the name and place of abode of the wife, father or mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother or filler of such dfficer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, to whom such wages or pay are to be remitted and paid, and the district or address of the collectcor or revenue officer by whom such wages are to be made payable in Ireland, shall be specified and described in three separate diflindl columns opposite to the name of such officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, in the said lists, and every such officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, who shall so desire that any such part of his wages or pay may be allotted and paid to his wife, father or mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother or filler, shall write his name or make his mark in a separate distinct column in the said list, which list shall be forthwith completed and ligned by the captain or commander, and proper signing officers of such ship or vessel, and such captain or commander shall transmit the said lists by the first safe opportunity, without any neglect or delay whatsoever, to the of of the navy at their board.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of of the navy, or any three of them, upon receiving such lists as aforesaid, wherein any such allotment shall be made by any such inferior officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, of any such part of his wages or pay to his wife, father or mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother or sister, shall immediately, and they are hereby directed and required to make out, or cause to be made out, two certificates for every such allotment, which certificates shall be dup)i cates, and joined together with oblique lines, flouristies, or devices, in such manner as the said of, or any three or more of them, shall think proper, and which shall specify and de feribe the name and place of abode of the said wife, father or mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother or sister, and shall certify that such wise, father or mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother or sister, respectively, is inti tied to receive so much of the wages or pay of such inferior officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, as shall be therein also specified, and shall be addressed to the of of the revenue of Ireland; and the certificates, being numbered and dated, shall be signed by any three of the commissioners of the

navy

'Ut

navy, and be written or printed according to the form following, or to the like effect.,

q

No

day of

Navy office the

We certify that B. D. of in the county of

Wise, father, mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother or sister,

belonging to his Majesty's ship

f f

inferior officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of( marines, or marine

is entitled to the

sum of

Jierling, 072 account of the wages of the said. D.

who has defined that the same may be paid by the

If the same shall not be de?nanded in nine calendar months, this certificate to be returned tg the treasurer of the navy, London.

Ido the of of the revenue in

Ireland.

co.p.i

Signed^CK R. > of of the navy.

By virtue of the al of the

George the 'Third.

N.B. The personating or falsely affiuming the name and character of the wife or relation of any inferior officer, feanian, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive wages due to such officer ffeaman^ noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, is made felony, without benefit of clergy, by an al passed in Ireland, z7; /r(y George the Third.

THE officer to whom the within bill is addressed is directed by at passed in Ireland thirty George the Third, cap. to examine

the duplicate thereof when presented, and inquire into the truth, by the oath of the person presenting the same; and, being satisfied, he is to testify to that purpose upon the back of the bill, and pay the amount without fee or reward; but if he shall not be able to pay the amount, from not having public money sufficient in his hands, he shall note the cause of his refuung payment, and shall appoint another day, within one mpnth dx furthest from that time, and shall deliver back the bill, so noted, "'T t a to

634 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67. [1792.

to the person presenting it. And if, upon complaint to the of, it shall appear that the officer to 'whom this is addressed has uiynfcceflarily delayed payment, taken any fee, or made any deduction whatsoever, he shall be fined alum not exceeding fifty pounds.

One of the

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as b^tr^nfmhted ^oon as a^ore^a^ certificates shall be so made out and sign to the person ed, the said of of the navy shall cause the fam^ to be nominated in cut asunder, indentwise, through the oblique lines, flourishes, or the list, and devices, and shall cause one of the said certificates to be trans the commis mitted forthwith to the person nominated and specified in such. fioners of the lists as the wife, father or mother, grandfather, grandmother, revenue in brother or After of such inferior officer or seaman, noh commis irdand. fioned officer of marines, or marine, and the other of the said

certificates to be transmitted forthwith to the said of of the revenue in Ireland.

For wages when payable, inferior officers, C desirous of remitting them to Ireland, may receive certificates addressed to the commissioners of the revenue, and made out in the following form.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any wages or pay due to any inferior officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall be paid at the pay office of the navy, or at any of the out ports, if any such officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall be desirous to remit the amount, or any part of such wages or pay to their wives, children, or parents, in Ireland or to such other person in Irelands they shall judge proper, and shall desire to receive a certificate to entitle them to receive the same, to be addressed to the of of the revenue in Ireland, then and in such case two certificates, being duplicates of each other and joined together with oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, shall be immediately made out, numbered and dated by the clerk of the treasurer of the navy appointed to pay such wages or pay, and be sighed, if made out at. the pay office of the navy in jlondon, by the commissioner of the navy comptrolling the payment when such certificates shall be so made out, or if made out

at any of the out ports, by the commissioner of the navy comptrolling such payment there, and be attested at the foot thereof by the first clerk of the treasurer of the navy at such pay office or out port, and such certificates shall specify and describe the name and place of abode of such person or persons in whose favour they shall have been made out as aforesaid, and shall certify that such person or persons is or are entitled to receive the whole amount, or so much of the wages or pay of such inferior officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, as shall be therein also specified, and shall be addressed to the of of the revenue in Ireland, and written or printed according to the form following, or to the like effect.

m

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67. 635

No,

day of

THESE are to certify that B. D. of is entitled to the sum of fierling, being on account of the mages of E. D. belonging to his Majesty's ship

who. has defered that the same may be

paid by the

If the same shall not be demanded in nine calendar months, this certificate to be returned tq X the treasurer of the navy, London.

To the commissioners of the revenue in

Ireland.

signed { o. p Commifanveyr ofihe

Attested i H. I. I

J \ J of the navy.

By virtue of the act of George the Timed.

d.

N.B. The personating or falsely assuming the name and character of any person entitled to receive wages of any inferior officer orfeeaman, non commissioned officer of marines or marine, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive wages due to such officer or seaman, non commissioned officer of marines, or marine, is made felony, without benefit of clergy, Joy an act passed II Ireland, George the Third

THE officer to whom the within bill is addressed is directed by a passed in Ireland, thirty George the Third, cap., to examine the duplicate thereof when presented, and inquire into the truth, by the oath of the person presenting the same; and, being satisfied, he is to testify to that purpose upon the back of the bill, and pay the amount without fee or reward; but if he shall not be able to pay the amount, from not having public money sufficient in his hands, he shall note the cause of his refilling payment, and shall appoint another day, within one month at furthest from that time, and shall deliver back the bill, so noted, to the person presenting it. And if, upon complaint to the of, it shall appear that the officer to whom this is addressed has unnecessarily delayed payment, taken any fee, or made any deduction whatsoever, he shall be fined a sum not exceeding fifty pounds.

And as soon as the said certificates shall be made out and attested One of such as aforesaid, the said commissioner of the navy shall cause them Havered to be cut asunder indentwise, through the oblique lines, flourishes, to thvperson or devices, and shall cause one duplicate of the said certificates requiring it, to be delivered to such inferior officer, seaman, non commissioned and the oath,

officer to be trail

636 I

mitted to the of of the revenue in Ireland.

The treasurer of Greenwich hospital to make out certificates of the out pensions of teamen residing in Ireland, in the following form.

officer of marines, or marine, requiring the same, and the other duplicate of such certificate to be forthwith transmitted to the of of the revenue in Ireland.

V Ands the more effectually to enable seamen residing in Ireland'to receive such out pensions as shall be granted to them by the of or governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, in the rnojl easy and convenient manner, and for preventing frauds and abuses attending the same, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the treasurer of the said hospital for the time being, and he is hereby authorised and required, as often ag there shall be occasion, to make out, or cause to be made out, two certificates for every such out pension granted by the said of or governors to seamen residing in Ireland, which certificates shall be duplicates, and joined together with oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, in such manner as the said treasurer shall think proper, and which shall be addressed to the of of the revenue in Ireland, and the said certificate, being numbered'and dated, shall be signed by the said treasurer or his firfb clerk, and attested by the fieward or clerk of the check of the said hospital, and addressed to the of of the revenue in Ireland, and be written or printed according to the following form, or to the like effect:

No Royal hospital

Greenwich.

day of

I CERTIFY that B. D. of I

in the county of being an out pensioner of Greenwich hospital, is entitled to the firm of

filer ling, and that he has desired the same to be paid by the

s. d.

To the of of the revenue in

Ireland.

Signed A.B. }

i j f n n X Steward or clerk of the check of ej e \*S the royal hospital at Greenwich

By virtue of the all of George the Ehird.

N.B. This certificate, if payment in consequence thereof be not demanded in nine calendar months from the date hereof to be returned to the treasurer of Greenwich hospital — — personating or falsely afifuming the nanie and character of any ouup^lfioner of Greenwich

hospital)

179^0 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67. 637

hospitaly in order fraudulently to receive the pension due to fuel? pensioner, is made felony, without benefit of clergy, by an act passed in Ireland, 'thirty of George the Third,

THE officer to whom the within bill is addressed is directed by an act passed in Ireland, thirty George the Third, cap., to examine the duplicate thereof when presented, and inquire into the truth, by the oath of the person presenting the same; and, being satisfied, he is to testify to that purpose upon the back of the bill, and pay the amount without fee or reward; but if he shall not be able to pay the amount, from not having public money sufficient in his hands, he shall note the cause of his refilling payment, and shall appoint another day, within one month at furthest from that time, and shall deliver back the bill, so noted, to the person presenting it. And if, upon complaint to the of, it shall appear that the officer to whom this is addressed has unnecessarily delayed payment, taken any fee, or made any deduction whatsoever, he shall be fined a ium not exceeding fifty pounds.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as the aforesaid certificate shall be made out, and signed, and attested, the said treasurer of Greenwich hospital shall cause the famb to be cut asunder indentwise through the oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, and shall cause one duplicate of the same to he transmitted forthwith to the person nominated and specified therein, and the other duplicate to be transmitted forthwith to the of of the revenue in Ireland, to whom such certificate shall be so addressed as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as an act shall be passed by the legislature of the kingdom of Ireland, authorising and directing the revenue officers in that country to receive and grant acknowledgements and receipts to petty officers and seamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, and marines, who shall have been discharged from his majesty's service as disabled or unserviceable for such foreign remove tickets, hospital certificates of discharge, or certificates as shall be delivered into their hands, in order to transmit the same to the of of the navy in London, in the manner which the revenue officers in Great Britain are directed to transmit such tickets and certificates, by the act passed in the thirty second year of the reign of his present Majesty herein before recited; and when by such authority such revenue officers in Ireland shall transmit the same, with the address of such petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, as shall deliver the same into his hand, together with a certificate granted to him by the master of the vessel in which he shall have arrived, or by some reputable inhabitant of the place where such revenue officer resides, and who shall be known to him, setting forth that he knows such petty officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, and believes him to be the party inti tied to hold the tickets and certificates which he shall so deliver, then, and in that case, when and so often as the said of of the navy shall receive such tickets and certificates, they shall cause the day upon which they receive the same to be endorsed

thereon

One of such certificates to be transmitted to the out pensioner, and the other to the of of the revenue in Ireland,

When the revenue officers in Ireland are authorised to grant receipts to discharged petty officers See. for foreign remove tickets, See. and shall transmit the same with the necessary documents, the of of the navy to cause remittance certificates to be made out for the balance, C

638 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67. [1792.

thereon, and direct them to be examined by the muster books, if received; and shall make or cause to be made out, within three days, a remittance certificate for the net balance due upon such tickets and such certificates, or upon the ships books for which such ticket or tickets shall have been made out, in case the ship or ships shall have been paid for the time, and which remittance certificates they are hereby directed and required to make out, assign, attest, forward, and transmit, in the manner herein before directed in cases of certificates made out upon allotments transmitted to them on account of petty or inferior officers and seamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, and marines, remitting part of their wages to Ireland, and shall certify the wages to be due and payable only to the said petty officer or seaman noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, upon whose account such remittance certificate shall have been made; and shall also specify and describe the revenue officer who shall have transmitted the aforesaid tickets and certificates to the said of of the navy, and which remittance certificates shall be'made out in the form herein before directed in cases of parties desiring their wages to be remitted to Ireland from abroad, or to the like effedf, and addrefifed to the of of the revenue in Ireland.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Payment of authority aforesaid, That in case the duplicate or duplicates of certificates any ticket or tickets, or the muster books or pay books for any ported though or vesse shall not be regularly transmitted to and received by the duplicates the of of the navy, in the manner prescribed by the of tickets, or acts of the thirty first of George the Second, and thirty second of the muster his present Majesty, herein before recited, yet the certificate or not havtbeen cert^cates, to be made out and addressed to the of regularly of the revenue in Ireland, in favour of any petty officer or sea transmitted to man, noncommissioned officer or marines, or marine, shall not. thenavyoffice. be delayed or postponed for such omission, but if any error, to the Error in tick detriment of the public treasure, shall be made in any ticket by ets to be made captain cr commanding officer issuing or making out the

goodbye the pame5 t'ne l0fs arising by such error shall be made good and coming the m. penfated out of any wages or pay due, or to grow due, to such captain or commanding officer by whom such ticket was so made out or granted as aforesaid.

Remittance

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when certificates to and so often as any wages, pay, or other allowances of mo fbr1^ eut ney iuftly ue an t>ecome payable by the treasurer of

yalfteth the n % vy to any person residing in Ireland producing proper autho executors, See. rity to receive the same as executor, administrator, widow, next residing inlre of kin, creditor, or person named as executor, as the case may be, land, asin to any petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of ma desiring their rines, or marine, then and in that case the deputy paymaster of wages to be re the navy or treasurer's clerk by whom such sum or films shall milted there, become payable, shall make out or cause to be made out a remittance certificate or certificates for the same, and which certificate shall be signed3 qttested, forwarded, and transijiitted, in the form

and

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67. 63f

and manner herein before directed in cases of parties desiring their wages to be remitted to Ireland at the pay of a ship, and which certificates shall certify such sum or sums for which they shall be so drawn as being due and payable only to the executor, administrator, widow, next of kin, creditor, or person named as executor, as the case may be, who shall be named in the same and entitled thereto, and shall also specify and describe the name and place of abode of such person or persons so certified'to be in titled to such wages or pay of such inferior officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, as shall be therein also specified; and such certificates shall be addressed to the of of the revenue in Ireland, and written or printed according to the form herein before specified, wherein remittance is made to Ireland at the pay of a ship.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon Money paid la as an af shall be passed by the legislature of the kingdom of Ire to

land, making provision for payment in that country of certificates be repaid^issued by the of of his majesty's navy in favour of the commis any petty officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, doners of the or marine, or in the favour of the wife, father or mother, grand [surer father, grandmother, brother or After of any inferior officer or of navy seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, belonging to any of his majesty's ships, or in favour of any other person, for receiving any money on account of the wages or pay of any such inferior officer or seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, and addressed to the of of the revenue in Ireland, and for the payment in that country of any certificates issued by the treasurer of the royal hospital of Greenwich on account of any out pensioner of Greemvich hospital, and addressed to the of of the revenue in Ireland, and the sum specified in such respective certificates shall have actually been paid by, or by the diredhon of, the of of the revenue in Ireland, to the persons entitled to receive the same, such sums shall be immediately repaid by the treasurer of the navy, who is hereby directed and required to pay the same to the said of of the revenue in Ireland, or to their order, upon the certificate on which the acknowledgement of the receipt of such money shall be endorsed, together with the duplicate thereof, being produced to the of of his majesty's navy, if the said certificates have been issued by the of of the navy, or any of them, or to the treasurer of the navy, if the certificates have been issued by the treasurer of Greemvich hospital, or his first clerk; but in case the duplicates of such certificates, issued If duplicates respectively by the of of the navy, or any of them, or of certificates by the treasurer of Greemvich hospital, or his first clerk, addressed duced^otpay to the of of the revenue in Ireland, shall not be pro ment within9duced and delivered to the colieffior or revenue officer to whom it months from shall have been addressed in Ireland, and the payment thereof be the date, they demanded within nine calendar months from the date thereof, cepecj oiuheir then, upon such certificates being returned by the of being return of the revenue in Ireland to the of of the navy, or to edto England,

c40 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67. [1792.

the treasurer of Greenwich hospital, by whom such certificates may have been issued respectively, they shall cause such certificates to be immediately cancelled, and from and after the cancelling thereof, the sum or sums, contained in such certificate or certificates hall accrue and belong to such inferior officer, seaman, noncommissioned officer of marines, or marine, or pensioner of Greenwich hospital, for whose wages, pay, pension, or allowance, the same was respectively made out, or to his attorney or attorneys, or to his lawful representatives in case he shall be dead, in the same manner as if such certificate had never been made out and issued.

Tickets, C

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every such ticket foahe°t^casus anc tickets, duplicate and duplicates, and remittance certificate rer of the and remittance certificates respectively, herein before directed to

navy. be made out and paid as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as

good and sufficient vouchers for the treasurer of the navy, for so much money as shall have been so directed to be paid upon all or any such ticket, duplicate, or remittance certificate respectively, and as shall have been paid by him thereon, and shall be allowed as such in passing his accounts, and in his accounts with the treasurer of the royal hospital at Greenwich.

Persons conn

XII. And be it also enacted, That if any person, from and terfeiting cer after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ruhty^of feb ninety-two, shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or ny. procure to be made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly actor

assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting any certificate by this act directed to be addressed to the revenue officers, in Ireland, for the payment of any wages pay, or other allowance of money, or any pension or prize money, with intention to defraud any person whatsoever, or shall utter or publish as true, any certificate by this act directed to be addressed to the revenue officers in Ireland for the payment of any wages, pay, or other allowance of money, or any pension, with intention to defraud any person whatsoever, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, every such person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted by due course of law, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Officers of the That from and after the first day of August one thousand seven navy, C to hundred and ninety-two, all officers belonging to his majesty's nav)7' asents of hospitals, officers and clerks in public offices, cates^&c. ministers of parishes, and all other persons whatsoever, shall assist in granting the certificates, attesting the authorities, and by every means in their power forwarding the execution of this and other acts passed in the present session of parliament relating to the pay penalty on ment of seamen's wages; and if any clerk, officer, or servant in clerks, C any office relating to the navy, shall directly or indirectly de

thoriled^fees11" mane ta^e> or reta^n? or cause or procure, or knowingly and willingly permit or suffer to be demanded, taken, or retained, any fee, gratuity, compensation, or valuable consideration, (not being authorised by any act in force so to do), save and except one fifth

ling

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67. 641

ling for every search at the navy office, and the usual fee at the same office for making out and certifying dead clothes bills, of or from any person or persons whatsoever, for or under pretence of the doing or performing any matter or thing hereby directed or authorised to be done or performed, or which, shall be in execution hereof, every such clerk, officer, or servant, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered with full costs of suit, to any person or persons who will sue for the same, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which no effioign, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and every such clerk, officer, or servant so offending, shall, over and above the said penalty of fifty pounds to be recovered as aforesaid, forfeit and lose his place, and be for ever thereafter incapable of holding any place of profit in any such office.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioner*

for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, of

shall direcft the of of the navy to deliver sufficient of the navy to

quantities of blank certificates of discharge, in the form prescribed deliver blank;

by the aforesaid act of the thirty second of his present Majesty, to certificates,

all captains and commanding officers in his majesty's service, bygeo! 3.

demanding the same; and the said lord high admiral of Great C 34. to cap

Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord tains of the

high admiral of Great Britain, shall direct the treasurer of the

navy to cause to be printed an abstract of the provisions and regu Jhf treasurer

lations contained in this and other acts of parliament respecting to cause to be

the payment of the royal navy, and to send or deliver a compe printed and

tent number of copies thereof to the principal officers and com ^bftras of the

missioners of his majesty's navy, to the commissioners for sick regulations by and hurt seamen, to the commissioners of excise and to the com acts of parlia

missioner of the customs in England and Scotland, to the receivers mentrefped

general of the land tax, to the registers and deputy registers of the prerogative court of Canterbury, to the clerks of the check of nav^ the

his majesty's dock yards, to the governors and agents of royal principal ofb

hospitals, to the commanding officers of the several divisions of cers of the

marines, and to the minister of every parish in Great Britain, j^yun^u

who are hereby strictly directed and enjoined to hang up and affix'promul

the same in same conspicuous. part of their several offices or gated, C

parishes, and to promulgate the same as much as may be in their respective departments; and the said of for executing to deliver

the office of lord high admiral are further directed to cause a com copies of the

petent number of the copies of the said abstradtto be delivered to abstract to the

the captain or commander of every ship or vessel in his majesty's captains^or

service; such captain or commander, as loon as the ship or shall cause

vessel by him commanded shall be put into sea pay, shall cause one, with the

one of the said printed abstracts, together with the articles of articles of war,

war, to be hung up and affixed to the most public place of such

or vessel, and shall cause the same.to be constantly kept up public place

and renewed, so that they may be at all times aceeftible to the of the Hup,

inferior officers and seamen on board of such hips or vessels; And read

_'mov.'thl V to

Commissioiv ers of the navy to en

642 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67. [1792.

every such captain or commander shall cause such abstracts to be audibly and di(finally read over once in every month, in the presence of the officers and seamen of such ships or vessels, immediately after the articles of war are read; and the reading both of the articles of war, and of the said abstract, and the days when read, hall be attested by the captain or commander, and the usual signing officers of such hip or veiled, at the foot of the muster books of such ship or vessel, before they are transmitted to the of of the navy; and the said of are hereby strictly charged and directed to inquire whether the directions choir whether hereby given for hanging up and affixing the said abstract and the directions articles of war, and for reading of the same as aforesaid, have been for hanging duly observed by the captain or commander of such ship or vessel, have been anc not to rant to captan or commander his general cer observed, Sect: ificate until they are fully satisfied thereof, to the end and intent that every seaman employed in the royal navy of Great Britain may at one and the same time hear and know the forfeitures and punishments he is liable to for any negledh or disobedience, and likewise the encouragements and benefits to which he is intituled, Admiralty to by a due and faithful performance of his duty; and that upon fuf — fering any oppression or injury in such service, he may be better enabled to lay his complaint before the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, who are hereby respectively charged and directed, upon any complaint being laid, ffrictly tp inquire into the circumstances of the same, and to grant immediate redress therein if such complaint shall be justly founded, and to take special and constant care that this al and others relating to the navy, passed in this session of parliament, be fully complied with, and punctually carried into execution. X

XV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act passed in the thirty first year of the reign of his late Majesty, as directs as a^' abstracts thereof to be made out, printed, hung up, and read ijp

to^e^adc^0* majesty's hips and vessels, hall be repealed; and it is hereby out, See. re repealed accordingly.

pealed.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Abstract un That the abstract, herein before directed, hall be in the follower this atto ing words, or to the like effect; (that is to say): be in the sob 65'V

redress complaints, Sec,

So much of at 31 Geo.

GENERAL ABSTRACT of the acts of parliament now in force relating to the payment of the wages of petty officers and seamen, nsn- commissioned officers of marines, and marines, serving in the royal navy of Great Britain.

lowing form.

Act 31 Geo 2. C 10.

3 Geo. 3. c. 16.

26 Geo.3 c. 63.

32 Geo. 3c. 33.

3^Oco

32 Geo. 3.*c*67! 'I Every volunteer who shall enter his name with any officer

3igeo*3, cio. appointed for entering volunteers, hall be inti tied to wages from the date of his entry, provided he shall appear on board his ship within fourteen days thereafter: if his ship shall be distjnt more than one hundred miles, he shall be allowed twenty days to join it, and thirty days if the aiftance exceeds two hundred miles; he flaall likewise be entitled to the usual conduit money, and to two

months

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 6j. 643

months advance wages at the first fitting out of the ship, which shall be paid before it proceeds to sea; and all petty officers, sea 31 Geo. 2x.10.

men, and marines, shall be inti tied to the like advance of two

months wages before the ship of which they are on board shall sail, in case they shall not have received the same before.

2. Moneys granted or to be granted by parliament for the fer 31 Geo. 2x.10. vice of the navy, shall, in the first place, be applied for the regular payment of all tickets, and for the regular discharge of all

wages due, or to grow due, in manner following; (that is to say),

As often as any ship which shall have been in sea pay twelve calendar months, or more, shall be or arrive in any port of Great Britain, or on the coast thereof, the captain or commander shall immediately cause five complete pay books to be made out for all the time such ship shall have been in pay, except the last six months; and shall forthwith transmit, by the first safe opportunity, such books, together with three alphabets and a flop book, to the of of the navy at their board; and as soon as such ship shall be or arrive in any port of Great Britain, where there is a commissioner of the navy, the said commissioner of the navy shall immediately solicit the necessary sums of money, and cause payment to be made of the wages due, deducting the advance money, and all defalcations, and leaving always the wages due 32 Geo. 3x.34. for the last six months, and for the time employed in preparing the books, unpaid, and no more; and all the wages due upon any 31 Geo. 2x.10. ship shall be paid as soon as may be, or within two months at farthest after the arrival of such ship in port to be laid up.

3. If any inferior officer, seaman, or marine, who shall have 31 Geo.2x.10* been absent at the payment of his ship upon leave, upon any detached service, from having been taken by the enemy, or cast

away, shall make application for payment of his wages in person,

or through his commander, to the commissioner* of the navy at

their board, or to any commissioner of the navy at any port of Great Britain where any commissioner of the navy may be and reside, such commissioner or commissioners shall cause the ships

books, or extracts or lists made from the same, to be sent to

whichever of the above places the party may be, and the wages

forthwith to be paid: but if his ship shall not be paid, and he shall 3a Geo. 3x.33,

be left behind upon any detached service, when it proceeds to sea

on foreign service, tickets, upon application from the captain of the ship on board of which he shall be ordered to serve, shall be

made out from the muster books, but which shall not be payable

until such ship shall come in course of payment, or until he shall be regularly discharged therefrom — — the pay books are 31 qe0.2x.jcu

+closed, tickets shall, upon application, be made out at the navy office to the inferior officers, seamen, and marines, who shall not have received their wages, and such tickets shall be paid in course once a month.

4. Every petty officer, seaman, or marine, who shall be in any 3z Geo. 3x.34. way discharged from any ship, shall receive from his captain or commander, a certificate of his time and service, (blank copies of 3zGeq.3x.670 which certificates shall be issued to all captains and commanders,

644. Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67. [1792.

by the of of the navy, when they shall demand the same); and no inferior officer, seaman, or marine, shall receive any wages, nor shall such wages be paid to his order, or to his power of attorney, or to his heirs or executors, unless such certificate be produced, or unless he shall be identified by a commissioned or warrant officer who belonged to the jship at some part of the time of his service; and if he shall have been taken by the enemy, or cast away, he shall not be paid his wages, unless he shall have appeared to have entered again on board of a king's hip, in a reasonable time thereafter, or unless, in any of these cases, he shall show a reasonable cause for not complying with such directions, that shall be admitted as such by the commissioner

3a Geo. 3x.34. comptroiling, and the clerk of the treasurer then paying; and wages due to any person who shall be marked upon the ship's books to have run from the service, shall not be payable, unless such mark shall be taken off by order of the commissioners of the navy.

31 Geo. ax.10. 5, Every inferior officer or seaman who shall be turned over

when at a port of Great Britain where a commissioner of the navy may be, shall be paid for the ship from which he shall be so removed, before that into which he shall go proceeds to sea, unless it shall be otherwise directed by special order from the admiralty, in cases of the greatest exigency only, in which case the wages shall be paid as soon as such ship shall come again into any port in Great Britain where there shall be a commissioner of the navy.

3ageo.^ c. 33, 6. When any inferior officer, seaman, or marine, shall be removed from one ship to another, while abroad, or at any place where no commissioner of the navy shall be and reside, he shall receive a remove ticket for the time that he shall have served in the ship from which he shall be turned over, which shall not be ialeable or transferrable, but for which he may receive payment by applying in person at any one of the pay offices in London, Portsmouthj Plymouth, or Chatham provided he shall appear to have regularly entered, and to have been three times mustered in the ship into which he was turned over, or appear upon the books to have been regularly discharged therefrom.

3sgeo.3.c 33? 7. If he shall be discharged from his ship unserviceable at home

or abroad, or be sent sick into any hospital or sick quarters at home or abroad, he shall receive from his captain or commander a ticket in like manner; and if, after being received into any such hospital or sick quarters, he shall be discharged unserviceable therefrom, he shall also receive from the agent of such hospital a certificate of his discharge; and upon presenting such ticket and discharge from such hospital. any of the pay offices abovementioned, together with a certificate of his having received no wages for his services in hispassagehome, if he shall have come home in a packet or merchantman, he shall receive payment thereof, and shall be sent by the commissioner to the nearest hospital, where he shall be received and victualled from the time of pre fencing his tickets till fie be pad 5 and if he shall be or arrive in

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67. 645

any other part of Britain or Ireland, he shall present his

tickets and certificates to any collector of the customs, collector of the excise receiver-general of the land tax, or clerk of the check, who may be or reside at that place; and the said collector, receiver, or clerk of the check, being satisfied as to his identity, shall forward the said tickets and certificates to the of of the navy in London who will return a bill for the amount of the wages due thereon, and which bill shall be payable by such collector or receiver, in the manner more particularly described in the ninth clause of this abstracs; and if any such remove tickets Should be unavoidably lost or destroyed, the party shall receive payment upon the duplicate of the same which shall have been sent to the navy board by the commander of the ship for which it was made out; and if both parts Should be so lost or destroyed, the party, or his heirs, shall be entitled to receive whatever shall be due to them upon other tickets to be made out from the mutter books, or upon the ship's books, if the ship shall then be paid for the time. If the petty officer, seaman, or marine, who shall have been sent Tick, as aforesaid, to any hospital or lick quarters, shall be discharged therefrom, to return to his ship, he shall leave his ticket with the agent; but if he shall be discharged to go on board any other ship, he shall carry his trcket with him, but which shall not be payable until the ship into which he shall go shall come irj course of payment, or until he shall be discharged therefrom; and when such petty officers, seamen, and marines, shall be at any time sent sick on shore, the ag?nt of the hospital, or sick quarters, shall make out a list containing their names and numbers at which they flood in the {hip's books, to which he shall procure the signature of the officer who conduced them on shore, and as soon afterwards as possible that of the captain or commander of the ship from which they were sent.

8. When any inferior officer, seaman, or marine, shall die on 3igeo.2. c.io. board of any ship in the service of his Majesty, a dead ticket shall extended by be transmitted by the first opportunity to the of Gf 33 Geo. 3x.33. the navy, for the wages due to such officer, seaman, or marine,

as also annexed thereto a list or bill for the value of the clothes and effetfts (if any) which he may have left; and the said of shall assign the same for payment within one month from the time from which they shall receive it, and upon application cause it to be delivered for the benefit of the heirs or executors of the party.

9.As often as any ship which shall not be in a port of Great 3*greo, cio. Britain, or on the coast thereof, shall have twelve calendar months ex^nded by wages due, the captain or commander shall cause the names of by'all the inferior officers, seamen, and marines to be called over, Geo. 3. c. 67. and each to answer to his name, and shall do the same at the end

of every six months when twelve calendar months wages or more shall be due; and if any such officer, seaman, or marine, shall then declare or deliver in writing the name and place of abode of his wise, father, mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother, or fitter.,

nd desire that the whole or any part of his wages then due, except

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67. [1792.

the wages due for the last six months, Should be paid to any such relation by any receiver-general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the check in Great Britain, or by any revenue officer in Ireland, the captain or commander is strictly required to cause four lists to be made out of the persons so desiring to ndake such remittances, and shall transmit such lists by the first safe opportunity, without delay, to the of of the navy at their board; who, on receipt thereof, shall immediately make out two bills, if payment is required to be made in Great Britain, or two certificates if to be made in Ireland, for the payment of the wages so allotted by each person, one of which bills or certificates shall be sent to the persons respectively specified in such lists, and the other to such receiver, collector, or clerk of the check, or of of the revenue in Ireland; and if the person to whom any such bill is sent shall, within six months from the date thereof, produce and deliver the same to such receiver, collector, or clerk of the check, together with a certificate that such person is the wife, father, mother, grandfather, grandmother, brother, or filter, as the case may be, of such officer, seaman, or marine, respectively, under the hand of the minister and churchwardens, or in Scotland of the minister and two elders of the parish where such person was married or resides, such receiver, collector, or clerk of the check, upon being satisfied of the truth of such certificate by examining the party upon oath, or other wise, is immediately, without fee or reward, to pay the sum mentioned in such bill, taking a receipt; and such bill or such certificate, together with the duplir cate thereof, being produced at the navy office, shall be immediately assigned for payment by the of of the navy, nd repaid by the treasurer of the navy to such receiver, collector, or clerk of the check, or to the of of the rever nue in Ireland, or their order reflectively; but if payment of the said bill be not demanded of such receiver, collector, or clerk of the check, and the duplicate of the said bill, together with a proper certificate, be not produced and delivered to them respectively within six months from the date thereof, the bill or certg jficate is to be' returned and cancelled, and the sum contained therein isto become payable to such inferior officer, seaman, or marine, when the ship shall be paid.

sigeo.a. c.io. 10. in like manner when wages shall be due to inferior offi extended to cers, seamen, or marines, who shall have been discharged unfer jrriafines by 32 vice^b]e or to the heirs or executors of inferior officers, seamen,

(GO1 C. 1

to heirs and or marines, or to those who shall administer as their principal creditors by creditors, and who in either case shall not be in London, or at any 32 Geo. 3-c. 34. of the out ports where teamen's wages are paid; or when wages be Pa 2t Pay office, or at any of the out ports, and any^i. c0' infierior officer, seaman, or marine, shall be desirous to remit the whole or part of his wages to himself, his wife, children, or parents, or to any Other person, and to have a bill or certificate for the same drawn upon any such receiver-general, collector, or clerk of the check, or of of the revenue in Ireland, L -'- then.

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C

then, and in each of these cases, two bills or two certificates are, to be made out, one of which is to be delivered to such officer, seaman, or marine, or sent or delivered to such heir, executor, or creditor, and the other to be sent to such receiver, collector, or clerk of the check, or to the of of the revenue in Ireland, who shall pay or cause to be paid immediately the sum therein mentioned, without any fee or reward, and who shall be repaid by the treasurer of the navy, and shall return the bill, if unpaid after six months, in the manner directed by the former clause.

11. If any receiver, collector, or clerk of the check, shall not 31 Geo. 2. C

have in his hands money to answer any bill or certificate ten IO extended dered by the party in whose favour the same is made out, and L

shall refuse or delay the immediate payment thereof, he is to in 33> anci to dorfe on such bill or such certificate, the cause of his refusal or heirs and ere delay, and appoint for payment some day within one month after 3?

such tender; and if upon complaint to the of respecteo*3*c'o4« tively appointed to manage the land tax, customs, or excise, or to the of of the navy, or the of of the revenue in Ireland, respectively, it shall appear that any such receiver, collector, or clerk of the check hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed payment, or that he, or any person employed by or under him, hath taken any fee, reward, gratuity^' discount or deduction on account of payment of any such bill or such certificate, such of may fine such offender in any sum net exceeding fifty pounds

12. Every officer or seaman who shall be turned over from one sigeoa. c.ioj 'hip to another shall not serve or be rated in a worse quality or

lower degree than he served in or was rated for in the former ship.

13. Every supernumerary man serving ten days in any ship shall be born for and entitled to his wages upon the books of such ship, and to all other benefits, a if he was part of the compliment of such ship; but men lent from one ship to another shall continue to be born for and entitled to their wages upon the books of the ship from which they were lent, until they shall be regularly discharged from thence, and in no other.

14. Any inferior officer, seaman, or marine, who shall be de 26 Geo. 3-c. 630 firous to execute a will or a power of attorney, and shall at that ^rineth^ time belong to any ship, mull execute the same on board of such qen^ CJ^ ship, unless he Should be at sick quarters.

If made on board it muss be attested by the commanding of Do. ficer and one other signing officer belonging to the ship, and mufb specify the number at which the maker stands rated upon the {flip's books; if at sick quarters, it muss be attested by the agent and must specify his number.

If he shall have been discharged the service, and shall be within Do. the bills of mortality of the cities of London and Westminster, his will or power must be attested before the inspector or his assistant at the navy pay office in London.:

D a 3 - - 'If'

Do,

Do.

Da.

648 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67. [1792.

32.Geo.3.0, 34. If he shall be at Portsmouth, Plymouth, or Chathami or within seven miles of either of these places, his power mu ft be attested by a clerk of the treasurer of the navy at such place.

26 Geo. 3x.63. if he shall be in any other place in Great Britain or Ireland his will or power of attorney mu ft be attested by the minister and two churchwardens, or two elders of the parish where he shall be at the time of executing the same.

26 Geo. 3x.63. All wills and powers of attorney made by inferior officers, seamen, or marines, must contain the full description of the residence, profeftion or business of the person who shall be therein appointed attorney or executor, and also the name of the ship to which such officers, seamen, or marines last belonged; and if made on board, or at lick quarters, the number at which their names flood on their respective ship's books: every letter of attorney must be declared in the body thereof to be revocable.

33geo 3. c. 34. A certificate of discharge must be produced to whoever shall attest any will or power of attorney made on shore by inferior officers, seamen, or marines, and forwarded to the inspector with such will or power, or a reason must be given for the same not being produced, which shall be noted on the back of the will or power, and must be admitted as satisfactory at the pay office before a check can be blued.

26 Geo. 3x.63. All powers of attorney and wills made by inferior officers,

extended to seamen, and marines, must be delivered to those who attest them,

marines by 32 whq are directed to forward them immediately to the treasurer

vjgo^C^4*'

*or to the paymaster of the navy at the pay office in London, to

be there kept as vouchers; and as soon as they are ascertained to be authentic, by investigation to be made at such office (for which purpose the inspector shall have free access to all pay and muster books of ships, and to all hospital returns), checks in lieu of the same will be issued to the parties named as attorneys or executors, that shall be to them the same as the original powers

32 Geo. 3x.34. of attorney and wills. All wills and powers of attorney, made by inferior officers or seamen, prior to the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, or by marines prior to the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety two, must be sent to the navy pay office in London, where they must be examined and approved of, and stamped by the inspector before any payment of wages, or other allowances, can be made upon them.

32 Geo. 3x.34. 15. Inferior officers, seamen, or marines, may grant orders

instead of powers of attorney, in cases where the wages due and payable to them for their services do not exceed seven pounds, but which orders must be witnessed by the commander or by a signing officer or lieutenant on board of the ship where such service was performed, and the same, accompanied by a certificate from such officer, must be submitted for inspection at the pay office in London, where (if found just) it will be stamped for payment.

32 Geo. 3x.34. 16. All lieutenants are directed to sign their names upon some

page of every muster book, in order that their signatures may be

known

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 6f. 64$

known to the inspector at the navy pay office; all captains or z6 Geo. 3.0.65* commanders are directed to specify upon every such master book 3^60.3.0.34. which of the men have granted wills or, powers since the preceding return.

And all officers in the navy, and other officers under govern 3ageo, 3. c. 67. tnent, are directed to grant the certificates, attest the vouchers, and acts in other respesfs as shall be necessary on their part to fulfil the intent and meaning of the respective instructions and requisitions set forth and made in this abstract.

17. All wills, letters of attorney, and orders, other than made 2, 6 Geo. 3. c. 63. agreeable to the aforesaid directions, made by inferior officers, 3l Geo. 2.0.10* seamen, or marines, and all bargains, bills of sale, and alignments concerning the wages or allowances of money due, growing or to grow due to any inferior officer, seaman or marine,

shall be null and void. — Alignments made by commissioned and 32 gee.3. c.zv warrant officers shall be good and valid, provided they shall be made general, and for a certain specified sum; and the treasurer of the navy, or persons paying for him, shall pay all wages or Other allowances due to such officers upon such assignments, until the sum specified in the same shall be duly satisfied; in cases where more than one assignment shall be produced, the treasurer, or persons paying for him, shall pay upon them and satisfy them according to the priority of their dates, but he or they so paying shall take no notice whatever of any assignment made by any officer, unless the same shall be exhibited and be accompanied with the necessary certificates and papers, at the time when payment shall be demanded to be made thereon; and the said treasurer, or persons paying for him, shall not take notice of any power of attorney, or any check of any power, unless such power or check shall be presented at the time of payment % and if two or more powers or checks shall be presented at the same time, payment shall be made to that which bears the latest 'date.

18. British governors, ministers and consuls, residing at foreign 3agrea.3.<r.3'jij parts, or, where no such are present, any two British') merchants

are required to provide for seafaring men and boys, subjects of Great Britain, who by shipwreck, capture, or other unavoidable accident, shall be in foreign parts, dr who shall be discharged there as unserviceable from the royal navy, and sublist them at nine pence per diem each, and send them home as soon as conveniently may be in any ship belonging to the royal navy, or in any merchant ship.

19. Masters of hips shall be allowed nine pence per diem for 3^Geo.3. c. 33. all such men and boys as shall exceed their compliment.

20* Inferior officers, seamen, or marines, hall not be taken sa Geo. 3.0.33. out of the service for any debt, unless such debt shall have been contracted before they entered the navy, and shall exceed twenty pounds.

21. But creditors may file a common appearance so as to en 3a Geo. 3.0.33^ title them to proceed to judgement and outlawry, and to have an execution thereon, except against the bodies of such seamen.

U u 4 22. Receivers

650 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67.

[179

31 Geo. 2x.10. 22. Receivers of Teamens wages taking more than sixpence

in the pound shall, for every offence, forfeit fifty pounds; and if any such offender be a clerk, officer, or servant in an office belonging to the navy, he shall lose his place, and be incapable of holding any place of profit in such office >.

23. Clerks, officers, and servants in offices belonging to the

navy, taking fees (not allowed by the adbs of which this is an abstract) for doing anything diredbed by the said adbs, shall be. subject to the same forfeitures.

31 Geo. 2x.10. 24. Captains or commanders of hips are to transmit, from

time to time, to the of of the navy at their board, complete pay books, lists and tickets, and also, once in every two months, complete muster books, under the penalty of forfeiting all their wages to the chest at Chatham, and of being liable to such further punishment as a court-martial shall infiidf, except in cases of necessity, to be made appear to the satisfaction of the lord high admiral, or of of the admiralty. 31 Geo. 2x.10. 25. The payment of tickets, certificates, or pay lists, shall

32 Geo. 3x.76. not be delayed, though the muster or pay books be not regularly sent to, and received by the of of the navy; but if any error shall be nlade in any ticket, certificate, or pay list, the loss shall be made good out of the wages of the captain or commander by whom such ticket, certificate, or pay list was made out.

32 Geo. 3x.34. 26. Captains and commanders who shall sail from any foreign

station, before an opportunity offers of transmitting home their muster books, lists, and tickets, shall leave them with the naval officer, or some respedbable merchant or other person, to be forwarded by the first opportunity.

32 Geo. 3x.34. 27. Captains removed from any ship in his majesty's service

shall leave with his successor complete muster books, signed by himself and the proper officers, to the date of his removal, and shall receive a receipt for the same; and the of of, the navy shall not sign his general certificate unless such receipt

be produced, or unless it be made appear that the directions herein given were complied with, as far as the nature of the service would admit.

31 Geo. 2x.io. 28. Wages, C earned by an apprentice shall be paid to his

altered by 32 matter as usual, if such matter shall produce the indentures at the Geo. 3. c. 33. pay table when the wages are demanded, unless such apprentice shall have been above eighteen years of age when hew^as indented, in which case, he may receive payment of the same himself, or unless he shall be rated as a servant to an officer, in which case his wages shall be paid to such officer according to the usual pradbice of the navy, unless such officer shall have been informed of such apprenticeship by the indentures having been exhibited to him.

32 Geo. 3x.34. 29. All months to which this abstract of the naval adbs relates,

shall be counted and reckoned calendar months, excepting in computing the wages due to officers, seamen, and marines, when each month shall consist of twenty-eight days only.

1792.] Anno o regni tficefirrio secundo Georgii III. c. y 651

30. Captains or commanders issuing any tickets, other than 3igeo.2. c. 16. such as are directed by the different acts of which this is an

abstract, shall be subject to a penalty of fifty pounds for every ticket, and shall forfeit all their wages to the chest at Chatham.

31. Those who claim the wages of any inferior officer, sea s6geo.3. c. 63# man, or marine, as executors, as soon as they shall be informed

of the testator's death, muff forward the authorities under which they so claim by the general pod, addressed to the treasurer or to the paymader of the navy, London. — Those who claim as neared 3z Geo. 3. C. 34. of kin mud also write, when they shall be informed of the death of their relation, by the general pod, to the treasurer or to the paymader, dating their pretensions to the wages which may remain due; and those who shall be inti tied to claim as creditors mud apply in like manner, and at the same time date in writing the nature and amount of their demand; a proof mud also be produced in each of these cases of the inferior officer, seaman, or inarine's death; if he shall have died after having left the service, the bufrness will then be properly invedigated at the navy pay office; and if the claim be found jud, the necessary expenses of adminidering at Doctors Commons (which are limited as per clause thirty second of this abdradf) will be defrayed, and the balance will be directed to be paid to the executor or administrator, if present, and, if absent, by a remittance bill to be made out in the manner herein before 'described in the tenth clause of this abdradt, and which shall be payable wherever he may reside without any fee, reward, or deduction whatever.

Pensions due to out pensioners of Greenwich hospital, shall be 3 Geo.^. c. 16. paid by bill in like manner, in any part of Great Britain or Ireland, upon application being made by the party in writing to the go.

of the said hospital.

Those who shall be named as executors in wills, or who shall 3a Geo. 3x.34. be entitled to administer as wddow, next of kin, or creditor, to inferior officers, seamen, or marines, may receive the wages which shall be due, without incurring the expense of taking out letters of admimdration, in cases where such wages and other allowances do not exceed ten pounds, provided the judness of their respective claims shall be satisfadforily ascertained at the pay office, and the said wages, See. shall be remitted in like manner, if required, to any part of Great Britain or Ireland.

32. Regiders or prodfors in Doctors Comonons, taking more 32 Geo. 3x.34. than the Turns allowed by the act to be charged in the different

events therein specified, shall forfeit the sum ot fifty pounds; ancf any regider or prodlor, aiding or affiding in procuring probates or administrations, otherwise than in the manner prescribed by the acts, shall for ever be rendered incapable of acting in any ec clefiadical court in Great Britain, and shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

33. Whoever willingly and knowingly shall personate, or 3igeo.a.c 10. falsely assume the name or charadfer of, or procure any other to 3^geo*3 c*33« personate, or falsely to assume the name or character of any 3^Geo.3. c. 34. officer, seaman, or other person entitled to wages, pay, allow 2 % €0'3'c'

ancesj

652 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 67. [1792.

ances, or prize money, for service done on board of any hip of the royal navy; or the executor, administrator^ wise, relation or creditor of any such officer, seaman, or other person, in order to receive any wages, pay, allowances, or prize money; or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any letter of attorney, or other power or authority whatsoever, in order to receive any wages, pay, allowances, or prize money, or hall willingly and knowingly take a false oath, or procure a false oath to be taken, to obtain the probate of a will or letters of administration, in order to receive any wages, pay, allowances, or prize 3sgeo*3.c?34. money, shall be guilty of felony, and suffer death; and whoever knowingly hall forge or counterfeit any certificate of discharge, or certificate of servitude, in order to entitle them to recover their own wages, or assist in so doing, shall be punished as in cases of perjury.

31 Geo. 3c. 10. 34. The tickets, certificates, pay lists, bills, and duplicates

3a Geo. 3x.33. herein mentioned, shall be sufficient vouchers to the treasurer of 32 Geo. 3x.34* navy for the payments made thereon.

3a Geo. 3x.67.

3a Geo. 3x.34

33 Geo. 3x.67

35. Every part of the compliment on board any of his majesty's hips is included under the denomination of inferior or petty officers and seamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, and marines, except those who shall be rated as follow: admirals or flag officers and their secretaries, captains, lieutenants mailers, second mailers, and pilots, physicians, surgeons, chaplains, boatswains, gunners, carpenters, purfers, captains of marines, captains lieutenants of marines, lieutenants of marines, and quarter mailers of marines.

36. Copies of this abllract shall be transmitted to the principal officers and of of his majesty's navy, to the commissioners for sick and wounded seamen, to the of of the excise and customs in England and Scotland, to the receivers general of the land tax, to the registers and deputy registers of the prerogative court of Canterbury? to the clerks of the check of his majesty's dock yards, to the governors and agents of the royal hospitals, to the commanding officers of the several divisions of marines, and to the miniller of every parish in Great Britain, who are directed to hang up and affix the same in some conspicuous part of their several offices or parishes, and to promulgate the same as much as may be in their respective departments. A copy of this abllrail, together with the articles of war, shall also be kept hung up in the moll public place of every ship of the royal navy, that it may be accessible to all inferior officers and seamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, and marines 5 and every captain and commander shall cause the same to be read over once in every month, after the articles of war are read, and the reading of the same shall be attested by the captain or commander and signing officers at the foot of the muller books y to the end that every seaman in the royal navy may know the punishments he is liable to for any neglect or disobedience, and the encouragement he is entitled to by the performance of his

duty

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 68. 653

duty, and that upon differing any injury he may be enabled to lay his complaint before the lord high admiral or the of of the admiralty, who are directed to inquire into the same, and to grant redress if such complaint be justly founded, and to take especial care that this and the other ais, of which this is an abstract, be punctually carried into execution.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for making effechial the Statute labour in the county of Renfrew, and for levying conversion money in lieu of labour in certain cases; and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing high roads and bridges in the said county.

[Proviso.]

Trustees for carrying the act into execution. Ten pounds penalty for acting if not qualified Five trustees to be a quorum. Business of general meetings, and times of meeting, and to fix the conversion for Statute labour, and roads to be repaired. Clerk to call meetings. als of the annual general meetings not to be reversed till the next annual meeting. Parish meetings. Quorum at parish meetings. Trustees may appoint agents to act for them. Business of parish meetings. Parish meetings to appoint officers. Parish meetings to call for copies of the tax roll. Power of parish trustees about dividing valuations. Parish meetings to keep minutes of their procedure; to be reported to the general meeting. Occupiers of land, and householders who are labourers, to work on the highways; or, in the option of the trustees in each parish, pay a conversion in lieu of labour. The trustees may levy the conversion from the whole occupiers or householders, Sec. Proprietors of grass ground liable therefore. Innkeepers, See. keeping horses to pay conversion only. Cottagers and householders not labourers to pay conversion only. Manufacturers,

Sec. to pay conversion only. Occupiers of land, and householders who are labourers, in case of failure to work, to pay 3s. for each absent horse, and is. and 6d. for each absent man. Innkeepers, C who are occupiers of land to pay for their horses, or for their lands. Occupiers whose valuation is under 50l. Scots, to be liable either as occupiers, or as keeping horses. Business of meetings of trustees for the respective parishes. Statute work, or composition, to be laid out in each parish. The magistrates and town council of Paisley, to have the foie direction of the Statute labour there, and to pay 60l. to the Abbay parish trustees, Sec. The fewars of the new town of Paisley, to pay 61. a year to the Abbay parish trustees, and have the foie direction of the Statute labour. The Statute of the new and old parishes of Greenock and Port Glasgow and Newark, to be applied in those parishes. Parish meetings to compound with magistrates of towns for Statute labour. Parish meetings to choose committees to superintend the roads. Their powers and duties. Power to borrow money.

Penalty in case parish trustees fail to apply Statute work or conversion.

Power to lower the conversion money. Power to exeem indigent persons.

Conversion money to be paid the nrft of March and the first of August, yearly. Penalties in case of failure in the payment, and rules about the collection. Penalty on collector in case of a false accusation. Penalty in case he fails to levy. Ditches and road Tides to be scoured. Roads to be twenty-four feet wide. Buildings erected within twenty feet from the middle of the highways to be pulled down. Hedges on the lides of the high roads to be pruned. Power to alter and vary the course of roads, to shut up roads, and form of procedure relative thereto. For investing purchase money to the same uses as the lands, Sec. flood settled. Power of parish meetings about making drains. Power to open quarries, C Notice to be given to occupiers of lands before materials are taken for repairing the roads, and for building or repairing the bridge. Clause about pits and rubbish on the fides of highways. Additional assessment for building bridges. Proviso in case of sudden damage done to a bridge, Sec.

Collector of the land tax to levy the assessment for bridges and the Statute money within the burghs. Penalties, Sec. how to be recovered. Form

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 6g.

[1792.

[Public act.]

to be observed in prosecutions and distrefis under this act. Appeal to persons aggrieved in cases for which no relief is directed by this act. Actions for penalties to be commenced within a year. Trustees may act as justices, and hold offices of emolument. Former acts inconsistent with this act to be of no force in the county of Renfrew. Clergymen to be exempt from Statute labour. Expense of this act how to be paid.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the streets, Janes* passages and places, within the towns of Manchester and Salford, in the county palatine of Lancaster; for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said streets, lanes and pali'ages $ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Ad 5 Geo. C 81. repealed. Commissioners, the warden and fellows of the college in Manchester, the borough reeves and conftatbles of Manchester and Salford, and owners and occupiers of houses in Manchester and Salford, of the yearly relit of 30l. First meeting of the of June 11, 1792. Commissioners not to ad if interested, but may act as justices. Proceedings of of to be done at meetings, and the majority at meetings (not less than nine) may ad. Proceedings to be entered in books. Commissioners to appoint officers, and to take security from the treasurer, C Officers to account. On failure of accounting, to be committed. Power to provide lamps. Penalty on persons wilfully damaging lamps; for the first offence, 5l. for the second and third offences, 10l. Commissioners may contract for lamps, and with scavengers, for water carts, for fire engines, and other necessaries; and fell the manure from the streets. Surveyors to insped the works. Power to take in new streets, and make them public highways. Bakers not removing kids or faggots, and owners of houses not removing spouts, being a nuisance to the street, subject to a penalty of 5l. On refund of owners, tenants to alter spouts, and charge the expense to the landlord. Chimneys fired, liable to 5s. penalty. Pavements, C may be broke when fires happen. Fire plugs*to be put into the water pipes j and are to be made goodbye the of Lamps, C vested in the of Commissioners a Corporation. Watching. Watchmen and others not to gain settlements by appointment. Commissioners to make orders and bye laws for hackney coaches, See. Persons plying without licence, or in improper places, to forfeit 4.0s. Owners of hackney coaches, C to affix their numbers, and leave notice of their places of abode. To prevent frauds at weighing machines. Bye laws to be signed by the clerk to the of, and inserted in the newspapers. Power to provide a proper place for thede puty constable, Szc. Set up hords. Lights to be fixed. Commissioners to direct where gratings over openings in the pavements shall be made. Making nuisances in the foot pavements, Szc. or baiting any bull, or making any bonfires in the public streets, to forfeit 20s. Penalty on uaugh tering, lcalding, Szc. cattle in the streets, 40s. Carriages not to be left in the streets, Szc. Signs projeding into the streets to be*removed. Sewers, Szc. to be made by of Projections, Szc. to be removed. bog housesto be emptied between eleven of the clock at night and five in the morning. Names of the streets to be setup, and houses numbered. Rates not to exceed one drilling and sixpence in the pound. Tenant t6 pay the rates. Houses under 4l. 10s. a year, and the eft ate belonging to the free grammar school, exempt. Provision for payment of rates where houses are let in lodgings. If assessors neglect to levy the rates, of may. do it. Rates to be allowed by the of How rates to be paid by tenants quitting or entering. Payment of rates not to give settlement. Persons aggrieved by rates, may apply to of Treasurers to pay the money received, as of direct. Houses and buildings to be erected for the future, to have party walls, on penalty of 50l. Regulations respecting joists or bearing timbers. Commissioners to appoint and remove the surveyors of buildings, Szc. Funnels for conveying smoke, not to be put on the outrides of houses. To direct; the construction of chimneys. Treasurer to publish annual accounts. The streets

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 70.

in Manchester and Salford to be widened and improved by subscription and fubfbribers of iob or upwards, to be of For vesting the money subscribed, for making openings and improvements, in the of; executing that part of the abt. Commissioners empowered to purchase houses mentioned in the schedule. istotice to be given in the newspapers of a meeting to purchase houses. For making satisfaction to owners of houses which shall be damaged. Power to sell houses. To ascertain value, cof houses, buildings and grounds, by a jury. Warrant to summon jury. Challenge of jurymen. Penalty 20l. on the ffieriff not returning a jury. How the expense of the jury, cis to be paid.

[Public act.]

Upon payment of the purchase money, conveyances to be executed. Payment being made, of may enter into possession. Commissioners, C may purchase the whole house. Money payable to bodies, corporate, to be inverted in the purchase of other estates. For sale of the exchange. Misnomer, or wrong description in the schedule, not to prevent the execution of the abt. Commissioners empowered to sell ground not wanted for the purposes of the abt. Continuance of this abt, as to widening rtreets, 20 years. For compelling attendance of witnesses. Manner of conviction for offences against this act. Inhabitants competent witnessies in all actions, C Directing the planner of serving notice, Sec. Penalties maybe mitigated. For ascertaining and recovering costs. Sec. Proceedings to be within six months. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the fertions. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. In case of verdict given in favour of of, to be entitled to double costs. Reserving the rights of the lord of the manor of Manchester. That the feite of the building called the Exchange shall remain open, in such manner as the of shall direct. That stalls shall not be erected, or goods deposited on the feite of the exchange. After the exchange is taken down, the feite thereof to be repaired by the surveyors of the highways.

CAP. LXX.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of and belonging to the parish of Tewkesbury, in the county of Gloucester.

Guardians incorporated by the name of a The Guardians of the Poor of the parish of Tewkesbury in the county of glouceftert First meeting,

July 2, 1792. Quarterly meetings to be on the first Monday in January,

April, July and October. Justices may act as guardians or directors. Guardians and directors to defray their own expenses. Directors and officers not to be concerned in any contract. For appointing a chairman or president. Appointing a treasurer, clerk, and other officers; and also directors. Parish to make out a list of guardians to be proposed for directors to fill up vacancies in the direction. Churchwardens and overseers required to call vestries. Directors, except Quakers, required to take an oath. Quakers to make an affirmation. Directors refuting to accept the office, to forfeit 20l. No person to be re elebted to the office of director within five years after his having served. Guardians and directors to appoint officers 5 Governor. Steward. Matron. Clergyman. Allowance to be made to officers. May take securities from officers. Weekly meetings of directors. Special assemblies may be held. Directors may contract for the purchase of any lands or buildings. Purchase money belonging to corporations, C to be laid out in the purchase of other estates. Houses and lands purchased to be exempted from window duty, See. Tenant at will, or for a year, to deliver up premises on six months notice. On default sheriff tq deliver possession. Directors to fur nith the buildings $ and to have the management of the poor. Power to apprehend vagrants. Children provided for, and to be apprenticed. For apprenticing poor children to the governor. Poor children may be discharged or hired out. May borrow 6, ooool. upon mortgage of buildings and rates'. Mortgages may be transferred. Money arising by poor rates to be under the management of directors, and paid to their treasurer. Overseers for not collecting rates, to forfeit riot less than 40s. nor more than 10i, Overseers to pay money to the treasurer, within ten days after,

- receiving.

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 71. [1792.

receiving, any sum amounting to iol. What amount of rates are to be raised every year. iool. of debt to be paid off every year. Mode ol' paying off mortgages. If churchwardens and overseers do not make rates, directors may. Money left for the benefit of the poor to be applied according to the will of the donor. Parish officers to assist in the execution of the act. Directors may allow overseers to retain money for occa iional relief. Property of goods, C vested in the directors. Directors not to do business but at meetings. Directors may grant certificates. Certificates now in parish officers hands, to be given to the clerk to the corporation. Bonds given for the maintenance of bastard children to be delivered to the clerk. Directors may make bye laws. Industrious poor may be rewarded. Proceedings of directors to be entered in books, Directors to Hate an account annually. Notice to be given of making contracts. Ascertaining settlements of b altard children born in the house. Persons rated may be witnesses. Justices authorised by law to proceed on complaint of overseers, to proceed on complaint of directors. Charitable beneiadtions to be disposed of by directors. Directors may make drains and sewers from the workhouse. Recovery and application of penalties. Appeal. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Expenses of this act to be first paid. Limitation of actions, General issue. Treble costs. Public a<jt.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for enclosing, dividing, and allotting a certain common or waste ground, called Bolton Moor, and other the commons and waste grounds within the township of Great Bolton, in the county palatine of lancaster; and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating the streets, lanes, passages, and places within the towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton, and for supplying the said towns with water, and for providing fire engines and firemen, and for removing and preventing nuisances, incroachments, and annoyances, and for licensing and regulating hackney coaches and chairs, within the said towns.

Commissioners for the enclosure. Trustees for Great Bolton. Trustees for Little Bolton. Commissioners, trustees and surveyors, to be sworn. For appointing new of For choosing new trustees. Qualification of future trustees, to be resident, and for Great Bolton, to poftefs an tflate real or personal, of 1000l value, and for Little Bolton, an estate of 500l. Survey and plan of commons to be made. Trustees to inquire into incroachments. All incroachments made within 20 years lait, to be deemed part of the said common. Roads to be forty feet broad. No gate to be erected across the roads. Surveyor to be appointed for forming the roads. Allotments for stone and gravel, for amending roads. Allotment to the lords of the manor of Bolton, one fifteenth, part of the common. Power for of to sell the residue of common and waste at 10l. per acre, and an annual chief relit, per acre, for 5000 years. Two third parts of the expenses of passing the act to be paid out of the sale of the common. Commissioners to make an award. After execution and inrollment of award, all right of common to cease. Allotments to be enclosed as prescribed in the award. Proceedings to be entered in books Commissioners to account. Manerial rights laved. Power for the respective lords to work mines, Persons aggrieved may appeal to the sessions. Trustees for Great Bolton, to meet on the third Wednesday next, after the time appointed for leasing the common, and for Little Bolton, on the 27th of June 5792. No order valid, unless made at 3 public meeting. Books to be kept. Trustees to appoint a treasurer, clerk, and collector. Actions may be' brought in the name of the clerk. Officers dying or becoming bankrupt, trustees to be paid before other creditors, For appointing temporary officers. Power to put up lamp polls and irons. Power for trustees to contract for paving, lighting, C Power to bring actions for breach of contract. For cleansing the streets, C New streets, after being paved, to be under the directiop of, this act. Wo baker, p. to lay faggots nearer than 100 yards to any'house.

- ' Tq

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 71. 657

To remove spouts. Penalty on suffering ch imnies to take fire, ios. Power to break up the pavement to get water in case of fire. Property of the pavements, lamps, C vested in the trustees. Commissioners may order the streets, C to be paved. Pavement not to be altered without content of trustees. Power to get and convey water into the towns of Great and Little Bolton. Water to be free for the use of the inhabitants. To di vide the towns into districts, for the purpose of watching. To appoint watchmen. No watchman, C to gain a settlement by his office. Power to make bye laws, for regulating hackney coaches and chairs. Penalty on the driver of any coach plying without licence, 40s. Coaches and chairs to be numbered. Owners name and place of abode to be left at the office.

Bye laws to be published in the Manchester newspapers. Power to build a house and office for the peace officers. To fix palings where buildings are pulled down, See. Where any hole is made in the streets, lights to be fixed in the night. Grates to be fixed over holes into cellars, C Penalty on riding, con the footways, and on committing various other offences, aos. Occupiers of houses to sweep every day before their houses. Not to daughter cattle in the streets. No carriage to be suffered to stand in the street. Signs and other projections to be taken down. Power to make sewers. Necessary houses to be emptied between ten at night and five in the morning. Names of the streets to be put up. A rate to be made in Little Bolton, for paying one third of the expense of this act.

Power to raise money for lighting, See. Little Bolton. Power to make assessments. Power to distrain on nonpayment of rates. No house to be rated if under the value of 3l. ios. per annum. To appoint assessors and collectors. Power for trustees to regulate assessments. No assessment valid, unless allowed by the trustees. Persons removing, to pay a proportion of the tax. Power for trustees to give relief, where they think persons are aggrieved. A rate may be laid on Great Bolton, if the rents of the allotments are insufficient. Trustees may borrow io, ooool. for Great Bolton, and 5, 000l. for Little Bolton and mortgage the rents, cas a security. Money 'may be raised by annuities, not exceeding 9l. per centum. Securities for moneys lent, and annuities, may be transferred.

Mortgages or annuities, and transfers, to be entered in a book. Application of the money. If any overplus in Great Bolton, it is to go in aid of the poor rates. Treasurer to pay money as trustees shall appoint. No. funnel for conveying of smoke to be fixed on the outside of the front of any house, C Chimneys of velvet dressers, See. to be built of such a height, as trustees shall direct. Power to contract for houses to widen and improve the streets. Notice to be given of intention to purchase.

Trustees to make recompense for any injury to be done to any house, C

Power to convey settled estates. Owners refusing to treat, a jury to fix the value. Trustees to issue their warrant to the sheriff, to summon a jury. Jurymen may be challenged. Ten pounds penalty on sheriff making default. If the jury shall give a verdict for more money than was offered, the expenses to be paid by the trustees, otherwise by the owner.

Upon payment of the money awarded by the jury, owners to execute conveyances to trustees. On payment of the purchase money trustees to enter. Where part of a: building only shall be necessary to be taken, the owner may compel the trustees to purchase the whole. Purchase money of settled estate to be laid out in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the same uses. Misnomer not retard the execution of this act.

Power for the trustees to sell such land as shall not be wanted by them for the purposes of this act. Trustees may sue or be sued in the name of their clerk, penalty, 5l. on persons summoned as witnesses, refusing to attend or be examined. No person liable to pay any penalty, unless convicted before one justice of the peace. Inhabitants to be competent witnesses.

Leaving a summons or a copy at the dwelling house, to be good fer yice. Power for the justice to mitigate penalties. All costs which are not particularly otherwise directed by this act, to be ascertained by a just tice of the peace.' No penalty recoverable, unless the offender is prosecuted within three calendar months after the offence is committed. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the feffons. Person appealing, to have a of his conviction delivered to him. Want of form in making distress.

658 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 72 — 74. [1792.

[Public act.]

not to make proceedings void, ab initio. Proceedings not to be void for want of form. No action to be commenced for anything done under this at, unless twenty-one days notice shall previously be given to the clerk. Treble costs. If trustees bring an action and recover damages, defendant to pay double costs

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for vesting in James Turner, his executors, administraters, and assigns, the sole use and property of a certain yellow colour, of his invention, throughout that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited time.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for more effectually securing to Joseph Booth, and to the public, the benefit of a certain invention or discovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for the maintenance and improvement of the harbour of Ramsgate, in the county of Kent; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the haven of Sandwich, in the same county.

Acts 22 Geo. 2. c. 40. 5 Geo. 3. c. 82. repealed. Commissioners names. Power to appoint new trustees. Proviso, that the trustees shall not be obliged to elect, till the number is reduced to 200. Meetings of of at Guildhall, in the city of London, the first Wednesday in every month. First meeting to be on June 27, 1792- _ A chairman and deputy chairman to be appointed. A committee of treasury. Duties. Threepence per tonne for Blips of 20 tonnes or upwards, and not exceeding 300 tonnes, and id. per tonne for hips exceeding 300 tonnes, and for every chaldron of coals, ort on of grindstones, Purbeck, Portland or other Hones three halfpence. Duties to be publifired in the London Gazette Tonnage to be ascertained, as directed by 26 Geo. 3. Power to vary rates. Rates to be paid by foreign Ships. Persons obstructing the measure of ships, to forfeit iol. Collectors to enter into and admeasure Blips. No vessel to be cleared till a certificate be produced of payment of duties. Merchants to make an allowance of the duty to the masters. Collector to keep the accounts of the moneys received. Copies of accounts to be transmitted to the receiver-general of the customs, and also of the receipts and difliurfe.tnents. Twenty pounds penalty on officers neglecting their duty. Coasting vessels, colliers in ballast, or fishermen, to pay once 3 year only. Power of distress on nonpayment of duties. Persons eluding payment to continue chargeable. Trustees to remove obstructions. To purchase lands, C Incapacited persons enabled to sell. Incapacited persons indemnified. In case of refusal to treat, to impannel jury. Challenging jurors. Oaths to jury and witnesses. Verdict to be final, but notice to be given. Money allowed for lands, C taken, how to be charged and tendered. In case of not making out titles, or refusal to execute, or if persons cannot be found, money to be invested in purchase of stock, C Estates purchased, to veil absolutely in the deputy master of the Trinity House. Persons in titled to mesne profits, to have the dividends. When purchases are made from bodies corporate, or of settled estates, the money to be laid out in the purchase of other estates; but hot when there are tenants in tail in possession. Conveyances under this act to be by feoffment, lease and release, or bargain and sale. Charges of juries, chow to be paid. Fines on jurymen, C Penalty on giving false evidence, the same as for perjury. By direction of trustees, the deputy master of the Trinity House to sell or let freehold and leasehold estates. Money to be paid into the bank. Power to inclidt persons spoiling works, C Provisoes to be inserted in the leases of wharves, C not to take more for the use thereof than the trustees shall allow of Rates^shall

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 75.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

shall be published annually in all. the European languages. Trustees to agree with workmen, C for building and completing the harbour. All aits, C to be determined by a majority. Chairman to have the calling Vote. To appoint collectors and other officers, and to displace them. Trustees to take security from collectors, See. Former officers to continue till new ones are appointed. Power to make bye laws. Copies of the bye laws to be fixed in some conspicuous place near the harbour. Moneys to be deposited in the bank, or at a banker's, until inverted. Colts of passing the ad, to be defrayed first out of money in the trustees hands, and all money received under this or former acts to be expended in improving, enlarging, C the harbour. Power to sell the percents, and to invert the moneys in the 3 percents. Power to invert: the moneys raised in pursuance hereof in the 3 percents. Dividends to be applied in the same manner as directed, with respect to rates. Power to sell any part of the funded property for the purposes of the ad. Confirmation of annuities granted under the former acts. Trustees under former act's indemnified for granting annuities. Books to be kept respecting the annuities. No more money to be borrowed, except as by this act directed. Real and leasehold estates vested in the deputy mailer of the Trinity House. Addons to be brought in his name. Auditors to be appointed to settle annual accounts. Accounts when settled to be submitted to the house of commons at the opening of the next session of parliament. No person shall empty any ballast. Scc. in said harbour. Trustees empowered to remove ships out of the basin. One hundred pounds penalty on persons obilrud ing the removal of Ships. Proceedings, C to be entered in a book. Books may be perused gratis. No trustee to hold an office of profit. Ships belonging to Sandwich, exempted from the duties. Two hundred pounds per annum to be paid quarterly out of the rates to the mayor, Scc. of Sandwich, fur cleansing, Scc. the haven of Sandwich. Receipts for the annual payment to be given. Books of receipts and disbursements respecting Sandwich to be kept. Duplicates thereof to be produced to the justices at the quarter sessions for their allowances, See. Justices to make allowance of the expense of executing the said trusts, Scc. Ten pounds penalty on throwing ballast into the river, or fixing piles within the channel without licence. No more than two Ships to lay abreast longer than one tide. The trustees empowered to apply 10.000l. for erecting such works as they shall judge necessary at the haven of Sandwich. For recovery of penalties and forfeitures. For want of distress the person to be committed. All judgements to be final without any appeal, Distress to be kept five days, and may be redeemed within that time. vessels belonging to Dover exempted from duties. Vessels belonging to Weymouth, and Melcomb Regis, and Lime Regis, exempted. Vessels belonging to Great Yarmouth exempted. Recovery and application of penalties and forfeitures. Parties may appeal to quarter ieifions. Distress not to be void for irregularity, but in such action tender of amends may be made, or money paid into court. Proceedings not to be quailed for want of form. Saving the jurisdiction of the cinque ports. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LX XV

An act for fvirther enlarging and improving the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland.

[Public act.]

Former acts continued. Harbour to be enlarged, and limits to be from Redness Point, on the outside of a wall intended to be erected, until it reached within one hundred and twenty yards of the present outward works of the pier or quay of the present harbour; and from thence in a line, until it comes within forty yards of the present outward quay or pier; and from thence to the north side of the Sugar House Bulwark, and along the sea 111 ore, until it meets the aforesaid Redness Point. Powers. Erection of buildings. Rights or limits of the ground to be determined by arbitration. Impowering the trustees of the old harbour to appoint a clerk Clerk to be appointed for the new limits. Actions to be brought ju the name of the clerk.

66o Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 76, 77. [1792.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for building a new church or chapel within the town and parish of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

The new church or chapel to be completed. First minister Richard Formby, and right of presentation vested in him, his executors, administrators, and assigns, for 60 years; afterwards in the corporation of Liverpool. Church subject to the jurisdiction of the bishop of Chester. No new parish to be created; andparishioners of Liverpool not to be liable to the repair of the new church. Minister's duty. For appointment of ministers in cases of lapse. A pew to hold ten persons, to be set apart for the minister, and sittings for ico poor persons. Pews and vaults to be numbered. Pews vested in the proprietors. Rents of pews to be fixed) by the proprietors. Additional pew relit of is. each to be applied to repairs of the church for the term of 60 years. Rents payable June 24, and December 24. Appointment of churchwardens. Churchwardens duty, Kow surplus rents to be applied. minister's salary; payable. Remedy for recovery of the minister's salary. Not more than half a year's arrear to be recovered from succeeding churchwardens. Minister to appoint clerk and sexton. Vaults under the church vested in the proprietors. No corpse to be buried within the church, C The minister for the time being, may dispose of burial places in the church yard. Every purchaser of a pew in the church to be entitled to a burial place in the church yard. Conveyances of pews, C may be by entry in vestry book. Rights of the rectors of Liverpool reserved. Double fees to be taken in the new church for the performance of the offices of minister, clerk, and sexton, one moiety of which shall be paid to the rector, clerk and sexton of Liverpool. Marriages to be celebrated in the church. Limitation of actions. General ifiiie. Double costs. General saving. Public at.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundreds of Cirencester, Crowthorne and Minty, Brightwells Barrow Rapfgate, Bradley, Bifley and longtr^e, commonly called The Seven hundreds of Cirencester, in the county of gloucester.

Commissioners names. First list. Second list. Commissioners constituted a court of justice, by the name of "The Court of Requests for the Manor and Seven Hundreds of Cirencester, in the county of Gloucester." To hold a court every Thursday. For want of three of to act, court to be adjourned to another day. For appointing new of on vacancies. Their power. Casting vote. Commissioners, or vidhialiers, Sec. not to hold place of profit. Joseph Pitt, gent, to be first clerk, and Richard Pearce, sergeant. The clerk may appoint a deputy. Earl Bathurst lord of the manor ard seven hundreds, to have the future appointment of clerk or sergeant. Clerk to fix up list of of in court houses; to issue summonses, See. Sergeant to serve precepts. Persons may sue for debts under 40s. Commissioners may regulate proceedings; and administer oaths. On nonappearance to proceed ex parte. On nonappearance or nonsuit of plaintiff, may award costs. Commissioners may award execution; and commit the party. Court may order debts to be paid by installments. On execution, clerk to insert debt and costs. Commissioners may suspend or supersede proceedings where the defendant, by sickness or poverty, may be incapable of attending the court, or of paying the debt. Sergeant suffering an escape, or goods to be removed, to pay debt and costs. Clerk and sergeant may be displaced for misbehaviour. No of, clerk, or sergeant, to act where interested. Gaol keeper to take into custody persons committed. No debts recoverable in this court to be sued for el fewhere. Judgement of court to be final. Act not to extend to debts for relit, Sec. or anything belonging to the ecelefi aitical court. Penalty for disobeying summons, not less than 5s/nor more

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 78, 79. 1

[General issue.]

than 50s. Privilege of attorney, C vacated. Creditors to allow 3d. a day. to debtors while in prison. Limitation of actions.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

Plaintiff not to produce evidence of the cause of action, other than what shall be specified in the notice.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving, tha streets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within the borough of Derby; and for selling a certain piece of waste ground, situate within the said borough, called Nun s Green; towards defraying the expense of the said improvements.

Inhabitants rated 20l. a year to the house duty to be of,

First meeting of the of to be July 2, 1792. Annual meeting for settling accounts to be in April. Proceedings of of to be entered in a book. Appointment of officers. Treasurer, Sec. to account

Pavements, Sec. vested in the of Streets, See. to be p aved.

Power to get materials. Corporation and parishes to repair as usual.

Difference as to the extent of pavement to be made by corporation Sec. to be settled by of, or a justice. Persons heretofore liable to repairs of bridges to continue so. Commissioners to provide lamps, C

Forty billings penalty for wilfully breaking, Sec. the lamps or furniture.

Occupiers of houses to take down signs, penthouses, See. On neglect, of may take down signs, Scc. Owners of houses, Sec. to take down spouts and gutters. Commissioners may make contracts. Rate is. 3d. in the pound for the first three years, and 9d. in the pound afterwards. Commissioners, See. may inspect rates made under the house tax. pmpty houses during three first years chargeable with full rates, afterwards with half rates. Proportion of rates to be paid by persons removing. Recovery of rates. Rates may be reduced. Commissioners empower ed to set out roads, Sec. upon Nun's Green. Power to appoint an engineer to ascertain the manner any brook or watercourse shall be altered.

The direction of such engineer to be final. Part of nun's Green to be divided into lots, and sold by auction. Particular parts of the green to be offered to idle to proprietors of former allotments. Roads to be set out for the use of proprietors of former allotments. On refusal to purchase, adjoining land to be sold by auction. Commissioners may exchange any part of the green for adjoining land. Money now applicable to lighting the borough to be paid to the of Application of money to be raised by virtue of the act. trulle.es of the London and braoington road enabled to pay the of iooool. for repairing a certain part of that road in the borough of Derby. Foot paths to be fwtpt daily,

Sundays excepted. Particular foot pavements to be swept by commissionevs. No person to carry away soil except contractors. Five {hidings penalty on causing annoyances in the streets, C Five billings penalty on carriages, S: C left in streets. Not to extend to rubbifii occassioned by building. Twenty billings penalty on stalls left in the marker place, and cellar windows left open after dark, and without a light. Privies to be emptied between eleven at night and five in the morning. Offensive privies to be covered, Sec. Recompense to be made for damage done to water pipes. Power to purchase houses. Sec. for widening the streets.

Tenants to deliver possession. Disposal of purchase money belonging to corporations, Sec. Actions may be brought in the name of the treasurer or clerk. Recovery of penalties. Inhabitants may be witnesses Persons aggrieved may appeal to the general or quarter sessions. Distivfs not unlawful for want of form. Plaintiffs not to recover after tender of amends.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Proreedings not to be quaffed for want of form, nor removable by certiorari. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXXIX

An act for amending an act of the fifteenth year of his pre lent Majesty, relating to the haven and harbour oi: Boston, in the county of Lincoln; and far regulating the mooting and removing of ships and other vdfcls

662 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 80. [1792.

within the said haven and harbour, and for removing obstra&ions therein.

[Public act.]

16 Geo. 3. c. 23. recited. Commissioners to appoint a harbour matter. Commissioners empowered to remove or lessen shoals within the harbour. Commissioners empowered to remove or cut through marffies and land banks. Money belonging to corporations, Sec. to be applied to the same uses as the lands, Sec. Commissioners empowered to take away or cut jetties and piles. Commissioners empowered to limit the time for lading and unlading at public quays. Property of mooring posts, Sec, vested in the of Forty shillings penalty of calling ballad, Sec. into the haven. Power to appoint additional pilots. Rates of pilotage increased in certain cases. Power to call meetings in cases of non adjournment or upon emergencies. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Recovery of penalties, and appeal to the quarter sessions. Saving rights of the commissioners for the river Witham drainage; and of the commissioners for the Bolton and Bourn drainage; and of the corporation of Bolton. Exigences of the atft to be paid out of the money in the hands of the of

CAP. LXXX.

An act for better paving, cleansing, and otherwise improving the borough of Boston, in the county of Lincoln.

Commissioners appointed. Commissioners to be sworn. First meeting of the of on July 2, 1792. No act valid, unless made at a meeting. Powers of the act to be exercised by the majority at meetings con lifting of five at lead. No order to be revoked, unless eleven commissioners shall be present. Proceedings of the of to be entered in a book. Commissioners to appoint officers. Commissioners to take security from their officers. Pavements, Sec. vtfted in the of Commissioners empowered to cause the streets to be paved No person to alter the pavement without the consent of the of Commissioners may contrail for performing the works. The turnpike trustees not to be exempt from paving such carriage roads as they are now liable to pave. Inhabitants to cleanse the streets before their houses. Pavements to be repaired on complaint. Scavengers duty. Signs, Sec. to be regulated, and incroachments removed. To prevent future projections. To prevent annoyances. New buildings adjoining to other buildings to have party walls of a certain thickness, and no buildings to be covered with thatch. Obftfiuctions not to be left in the streets. Inhabitants not to be subject to a penalty on account of rubbish occasiotied by building. Stone hones not to be ffiewn in the streets. Names of streets to be put up. Regulations respecting necessary houses. Commissioners empowered to purchase and take dom houses, Sec. for widening the narrow parts of the streets. Persons in possession to deliver up the premises. No road or alteration to be made through or in the church yard. Moneys of corporations, Sec. to be rein vested in the purchase of other estates. Power to make compensation to persons removing buildings for widening the streets, and to allow buildings to be erected on vacant ground, See. Rates to be made. Rates may be amended. Rates to be born by the proprietors. Disputes as to what premises are subject to the different rates tc be settled by the of Agreement between landlord and tenant not to be made void. Lessees in certain cases deemed the owners. No rates to he laid on the toils belonging to the corporation; who, in consideration thereof, are to pay one filth part of the expenses of passing and executing the ndt. Application of rates. Commissioners may borrow money, and a/ilgn the rates as a security. Commissioners may grant annuities. Securities may be transferred. Surveyors of the highways to lay out the money raised in Boston West Fen, in repairs of the roads therein. Ac tims may be brought in the name of the treasurer or clerk. Recovery of penalties. inhabitants. may be witnesses. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Proceedings not to be quaffied for want of form, nor removed by certiorari, justices may mitigate penalties. LI

initatioa

1792 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 81. 663

[Publick act.]

mitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Saving the rights of the corporation.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from or from near Wyrley Bank, in the county of Stafford, to communicate with the Birmingham, and Birmingham and Fazeley canal, at or near the town of Wolverhampton, in the said county; and also certain collateral cuts therein described from the said intended canal.

Proprietors names. Proprietors to be one body politic and corporate by the name of "The company of proprietors of the Wyrley and Effington canal navigation, " to make a navigable canal from Wyrley, to communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and fazeley canal at Wolverhampton, through the Old Field over Effington Wood and the Snead Commons, acrois the road from Wrednesfkld to Bloxwick, and from 'thence to Birchill, in the parish of Walsall in slffordffiire; and from Snead Common, through Lane Head to Perry Hall, in the liberty of Wed nesheld, and from thence through Lapley Hays, by the Moat I ioufc. to Wednesfield, and from Wednesheld Heath, to communicate with the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley can?d near Wolverhampton, and several collateral cuts. Power to take water from mines. To oblige the proprietors of fire engines to lift their water into the can.il and collateral cuts. No houses, gardens, C to be used or damaged, except in certain cases. Width of the canal and towing paths to be twenty six yards.

Iron, stone, coal. See. found in making the canal, to belong to the owners of the land. No vessels to pass to or from the intended canal into or upon the Birmingham canal, except it is six inches higher than the Birmingham canal, at the junction of the said canals. A house to be provided for the person stationed at the junction of the canals. All surplus water to pass into the Birmingham canal. Birmingham canal company to take the water used in lockage, upon a certain part of the intended canal. restrictions on navigating to or from the intended canal. Company restrained from taking water from certain streams. Corporations, C im powered to sell lands, C for the purposes of the act Commissioners. If parties diffiatished with determination of of, a jury to be summoned.

Verdict of the jury, & C to be final. Expenses of jury. Persons requesting a jury, to enter into bond to prosecute. Notice of injury to proprietors before complaint. Giving false evidence, liable to perjury. Verdicts to be recorded. On payment or tender of moneys, lands may be entered.

Purchase moneys to be laid out to the same uses. Commissioners to settle proportions to be paid to several persons interested. Annual rents charged upon the rates. For preserving copyhold rights. Penalty on destroying the works. Proprietors may raise 25, 000b to carry on the work. Expenses of the act, estimates, C to be first paid. The money to be raised to be divided into 200 ffiares. Shares to be deemed person at estate. No one person to have more than 10 ffiares. If 25, 000b not sufficient, power to raise 20, 000b more, by calls upon themselves. Power to raise the 2o, ooool. by mortgage. Interest upon mortgages to be paid prior to dividends. Subscribers to have a vote for every hare. Two general assemblies for choosing committees to be held every year. Committee subject to control of general assembly. Books of account, to be kept. General assemblies to confilt of thirty ffiares. Power of general assemblies. Shares not to be forfeited without personal notice. General assemblies may remove persons chosen on committee, or officers, and make bylaws. On the death of proprietors before ihares completed, executors may do it.

Shares may be disposed of Alter a call no ffinre to be sold till the money paid. Company may appoint officers. Proceedings of the of to be entered. Rates for corn, hops, timber, goods and mere hand ife,

2d. per tonne per mile. For coals, coak, iron, ironstone, lime, limestone, rockftone and other minerals, qd. per tonne. Boats having lets than 20 tonnes, of lacting, to be charged as having 20 tonnes, ex.ept in certain cases.

Fifty feet of round or forty feet of i'quare oak, alb, elm, or beech timber, fcftd fifty feet of hr, poplar or birch, and sixty square feet of light goods

a X 3 dh a i L

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 82. [1792.

[Public act.]

shall be deemed a tonne. Recovery of rates. Payment of wharfage for certain articles. Proprietors may alter rates. Mailer of boats to give account of particulars of lading. In case of difference concerning weight, collectors may weigh vessels. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked. Boats to be gauged. Matters accountable for damage done by the crews. Navigation to be free, upon payment of rates. For fencing off towing paths and making bridges, C If bridges, C made by the company are insufficient, land owners may make others. Coals, C found in digging the canal to be laid on the lands, and may be taken by the owners. Method of working mines under the canal. Method of discovering when mines are working contrary to the directions of the act. Owners of mines under the canal desirous of working the same, to apply to the company. Power to make railways. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal and collateral cuts. No such cut to be made " without the content of all persons interested. Lords of manors and land owners may erect warehouses, Scc. on their lands. Regulations as to private wharves. Committee to regulate the navigation. Regulations for vessels passing the locks. Five pounds penalty on persons over loading and obstructing the navigation. Five pounds penalty on opening locks, C Canal not to be under the power of of of sewers. Company not to be obliged to make the canal nearer Wyrley than Ellington Wood, nor to make the collateral cuts, but upon certain conditions. Proprietors to be taxed for lands, C in the same proportion as adjoining lands. Certain rates to be payable to the Birmingham canal company, for vessels passing from the intended canal. Commissioners may act as justices. No commissioner to act where interested or holding places of profit. Sixteen days notice of meeting of of to be given. General meeting of, of Special meeting of the of Meetings for determining disputes To compel payment of subscription. Recovery of forfeitures. Appeal. Limitation of action9. General issue. Treble costs,

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for building a new gaol, a penitentiary house, and house of correction, within the city of Bristol, and for regulating, maintaining, and supporting the same; and for xfifpofing of the present common gaol of the said city of Bristol, and county of the same city, and for other purposes.

The mayor, aldermen, and common council of Bristol empowered to build a new common gaol, penitentiary house. See. and for those purposes the corporation of bristol may purchase houses, C And to treat for the premises., Incapacitated persons empowered to sell and convey. Appointing a jury to settle differences between the parties. How the expenses of juries shall be paid. If the mayor, aldermen, and common council do not purchase, C within seven years, parties not obliged to sell. On payment of purchase money, premises to be conveyed; if npt able to evidence title, See. Purchase money to be paid into the chamber of Bristol; and houses, C to veil: in the Corporation of Bristol, con application of persons interested, purchase money to be placed out at interest. Mesne profits recoverable by persons entitled thereto, against: persons in possessiom Order to be made On the chamberlain of Bristol for inverting moneys at interest. Mortgagees, on payment or tender of mortgage money and interest, to convey. Tenants to quit on notice; on refusal, therms to deliver poffdbon. Twenty pounds penalty on flierifts, See. not doing their duty. Moneys belonging to corporations to be vein vetted. For selling overplus ground, for the purposes of this act. Misnomers or wrong descriptions not to prevent the execution of this act. New gaol, C to be built. Materials vested in the mayor, aldermen, and common council of Bristol. Punishing persons obstructing or damaging buildings, C Prisoners to be removed to the new gaol. Old gaol to be pulled down, and sold, for the purposes of this acta committee to be appointed. First meeting of the committee to be on the first Wednesday

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 82.

after they are appointed. Five may call an extraordinary meeting of committee. Chairman to have a 'calling vote. Common council and committee men, being justices, mayaft. Committee may appoint a fub committee. Treasurer, clerk, and other officers to be appointed. No member of the common council to be of the committee, Sec. while in office under this act. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Mayor, aldermen, common council, Sec. to fne and be sued in the name of their clerk. Clerk to be reimbursed his expenses. Corporation of Bristol to contribute annually the sum of 1501. Further sums to be raised by a pound rate, to be assessed and collected in like manner as the poor rate. Churchwardens, C to assess and collect, C To be paid by the tenants, and a moiety thereof to be allowed them by their landlords. Manner of recovery when houses are let intenements. Not to make void any agreement between landlord and tenant. Persons omitting to pay the rates, goods may be followed. Persons removing out of parishes, Xo pay in proportion. Succeeding churchwardens, C may collect arrears. Loss by insolvency, C to be made goodbye additional rates. Rates may be mortgaged for money borrowed, and money my be raised by annuities. For the regular discharge of interest and annuities. Mode for discharging mortgages. Application of the moneys granted by this act. For securing a free circulation of air about the gaol, Sec. a spice of twenty feet wide to be left on the outside of the boundary wall. Roads and ways leading to the gaol, See. to be public ways. 'Gaolers, governors, and other officers to be appointed for the new gaol, penitentiary house, and hotife of correction, who are to give security, and be subject to acts, 7 Jac. 1. C 4, and 17 Geo. 1. c. 5. Justices in session to make rules for new gaol, penitentiary house, Sec. Powers and duty of governors. Persons escaping from confinement, or assisting them to escape, See. to be punished according to law. Visitors to be appointed, C Any common council man may examine houses of confinement, C Abuses to be rectified by the justices in session. Penitentiary house to be under the management of the justices. Transportable persons may be conveyed to the penitentiary house. Justices power over the new house of correction. Bridewell not to be pulled down. Gaolers, Sec. to make returns on the first day of every session of general gaol delivery for Bristol. Visitors to examine returns. See. Persons under sentence of transportation to be kept separate from other prisoners. The mayor, Sec. may purchase materials for setting the poor to work. Furniture, C in the new gaol, vested in the corporation. Persons buying or secreting any of the furniture belonging to the new gaol. Sec. to forfeit not less than forty shillings, nor more than twenty pounds. Justices in sessions may order assistance, out of the moneys to be raised by this act, to prisoners who cannot work, Sec. Visitors to report any extraordinary diligence or merit in offenders to the justices of oyer and terminer, Sec. Justices in sessions to settle a table of fees for gaolers. Sec. and may grant salaries where emoluments are diminished; mayor, See. may stipulate with gaolers for payment of salaries. Mayor, aldermen, and common council, Sec. may appoint a chaplain. Mayor, C may appoint a physician, C to attend the new gaol, Sec. Offender, at the end of confinement, shall receive a sum of money, Sec. not more than five pounds. In prosecutions for felony, court may make orders for payment of the prosecutor's expenses. The charges of the attendance of witnesses to be allowed by the court to poor persons bound to give evidence against felons. Salaries, allowances, and other charges and expenses, to be paid by the public, Sec. The corporation of Bristol, Sec. discharged from all payments, charges, Sec. respecting new gaol, Sec. Moneys to be raised to be a county stock for Bristol. Treasurer to keep books of money received and paid by him, and to account upon oath. No gaoler, Sec. to futfier tippling or gaming, or to sell liquors in any such prison. Two justices of the peace to hear and determine offences against this act. For compelling the attendance of witnesses. Inhabitants declared competent witnesses in all actions. Directing the manner of serving notices, Sec. Penalties may be mitigated. For ascertaining and recovering costs, ftc. Allowing an' appeal. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be quallied for want of form. Limitation of actions. General

666 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. C.

[1792.

[Public act.]

issue. Treble costs. In cases of verdicts given in favour of mayor, C persons convicted to pay double cost. Application of the penalties,

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the foot of Coombe Hill, in the parish of Leigh, in the county of Gloucester, to join the river Severn, at or near a place called fisher's, otherwise fletcher's Leap, in the parish of Deerhurst in the said county.

Thomas Burges, William Miller, and Sarah Mumford, incorporated by the name of "The Coombe Hill Canal Navigation, " empowered to make a canal from Coombe Hill in the parish of Leigh, and through the parishes of Leigh and Deerhurst, to join the river Severn at the north side of a place called fisher's, otherwise fletcher's Leap, and may use any Springs, C within three thousand yards of the said canal, and may take water from the river Chelt. Nq£ to take water from the Chelt to the injury of any mill. Width of the canal and towing paths to be twenty six yards. Corporations, C empowered to sell lands for the purposes of the ad. per ions seized of freehold or copyhold estates of one hundred pounds a year in the county of Gloucester, to be of., In what cases juries to be impanelled. Expenses of juries how to be paid. Notice of injury to proprietors before complaint to of Manner of making satisfudion for damages done in getting materials. Upon payment or tender of moneys, proprietors to enter to make canal. Verdicts to be recorded, and land to become vested in the company. Application of the purchase money for lands belonging to corporations. Compensation for common rights to be paid to the surveyors of the highways. Commissioners to settle proportion of money to be paid to persons interested. for recovery of purchase money for, lands. Proprietors may raise 5000l. to carry on the work. Money to be divided into fifty shares, at one hundred pounds per share, and to be deemed personal estate. If that sum is not sufficient, two thousand pounds more may be raised by calls upon themselves, or by mortgage of the rates. Proprietors to have votes for every share, and may vote by proxy. First meeting of the proprietors to be on the first of June, 1792. Accounts to be kept by the company of proprietors. Accounts to be settled at meetings. Proprietors not answering calls, fub/'ed to a penalty of five pounds, or forfeiture of their share. Shares not forfeited without personal notice. Company may remove officers and make bye laws. On the death of proprietors before ffiares completed, executors may do it. Shares may be disposed of After a call no share lo he sold till the money paid. Company to appoint officers. ±_oceed ings of the of to be entered in a book. Rates may be collected not exceeding two Shillings and sixpence per tonne. Recovery of rates. Proprietors may alter the rates. Master of boats to give account of particulars of lading. Fifty feet of round, or forty feet of square, oak, ash, elm or beech timber, and fifty feet of sir, deal, poplar or birch, and sixty square feet of light goods, shall be deemed a tonne. In case of difference concerning'weight, collectors may weigh vessels. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked. Boats to be gauged. Power to the proprietors to regulate and fix the price of small pareels, not exceeding five hundred pounds weight. Boat master accountable for damage done by the crew. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. No boat under 15 tonnes to pass through any lock without the content of the company. Vessels with less weight of lading than 15 tonnes may pass locks, if not water sufficient for 15 tonnes. For fencing off towing paths, making bridges, and providing watering places for cattle, C In case the company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, Sec. land owners may do it at the com piny's expense. If bridges, C made by the company are insufficient, land owners may make others. The company may cleanse the adjoining watercourses at the land owners expense. Lords of manors and land owners may erect ^'arthouses, <ric. on their lands. Proper places to be made lor boats to turn or he in, for other boats to pais by The com

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 84.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

pany to regulate the navigation. Vessels lying To as to obstruct the navigation, to be removed. Persons overloading and obstructing the passage of the canal, to forfeit five pounds. Persons opening locks and destroying works, to forfeit not less than forty findings, nor more than five pounds. For throwing ballast into canal, or obstructing navigation, to forfeit not lets than forty billings, nor more than five pounds. Regulations for vessels passing the locks. Canal not to be under the power of of cf sewers. Lands and tolls exempted from payment of taxes. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to the fishery preferred. Where carriage roads are injured, Sec. others to be made. commissioners to give fourteen days notice of their meetings. Commissionere to be sworn. Commissioners may act as justices. No commissioner to act as, such while he possesses any place of profit, or while he is a proprietor. General meetings of of Meetings upon request may be sum nnoned afany time. No meeting to determine disputes, Sec. but within six miles of the carial. Security to be taken from the treasurer, See. To compel payment of subscriptions. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Persons aggrieved by any irregularity in distress, to recover only the special damage. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for making a navigable canal from Manchester, to or near ashton under lyne, and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Certain persons incorporated by the name of u The company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Manchester, to or near aihton under lyne and Oldham." Two plans and books of reference shall be signed by > the speaker of the house of commons. Power to deviate ioo yards from the line laid down in the plan. Errors in aeferibing the line, not to prevent making the canal. For erecting and keeping in repair a dam and other works across the river Tame. For erecting and keeping in repair a dam and other works across the river Medlock. Directing what shall be done in case the company do not make and support the dam, Sec. as herein' directed. Power for other persons to communicate with, or cross the canal. Houses, gardens, See. not to be injured. Breadth of canal and towing paths, thirty yards. No building to be erected on the towing paths, except for the navigation. Power to take water from mines. To oblige proprietors of fire engines to lift their water into the canal and branches. Directing what shall be done with the waste water. Bodies politic, C empowered to sell. Commissioners for settling differences. Election of new of Impowering the quarter sessions to nominate of, in case the survivors neglect, or a sufficient number cannot be found in the neighbourhood. Commissioners may act as justices. Qualifications of of to reside in the counties of Lancaster or" Chester, and possessed of a real estate of 200l. a year, or personal estate of 5000l. or the eldest son of a peer, or knight of a Shire. Fourteen days notice to be given of meeting of of On application of the proprietors or land owners, of to meet. Power to hold occa iional meetings. Meetings of of to be held within one mile of the canal. Commissioners to settle differences. Jury to be summoned in certain cases. Particular remedies given to the mill owners on the rivers Tame, Meyfey, and Medlock, for damages. Persons requesting a jury, to enter into bond to prosecute. Notice of injury to be given to the proprietors, before complaint to the of Yersons guilty of perjury may be prosecuted. Verdict to be recorded, and lands vested in the proprietors. Application of the purchase money belonging to corporations, Sec. For paying off mortgages on lands used for the navigation. Commissioners to settle the proportion of money to be allowed to tenants. For recovery of rents, mines, Sec. reserved to lords of manors and others. Mines, Sec. not to be worked to prejudice the navigation. company's agents to enter mines to view the works. Company to make drains, Scc.

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 84. [1792.

Works damaged by the floods, to be repaired by the company. Proprietors to raise amongst themselves 6o, ooool. The money to be divided into shares of iool. each, and be personal estate. Subscribers to have a vote for every share; and not exceeding five votes for each subscriber, nor five for proxies. Proprietors may raise 30, 000l. more if necessary. Power to raise money by mortgage. Mortgages may be transferred. Interest of money borrowed, to be paid in preference to the dividends, Or may be filed for at law. Mortgagees not to vote on account of having lent money. First general assembly to be held on July 27, 1792, and to meet annually on the last Friday in July. Committee to be appointed. Power to hold special assemblies. Each member of the committee to have but one vote, except the chairman. Committee to be under control of general assemblies. Books of accounts to be kept. General and special assemblies to consist of 40 shares, of general assemblies and committees. Subscribers to have notice before their shares are forfeited. Company may remove members of the committee, C Make bye laws. Subscribers dying before shares are completed, executors may complete the same. In case of refusal, or want of alsets, proprietors may appoint others. Shares may be disposed of No share to be sold after call made, until the money is paid. Directions what shall be done on alienations of shares, by marriage or death. Officers to the company to be appointed. Proceedings of of to be entered. Rates of tonnage. For lime, limestone, dung, manure, day, sand and gravel, one halfpenny per mile a tonne. For coal, cannel and minerals not passing through locks, one penny per mile a tonne. For timber, goods and other merchandise not passing through locks, three halfpence per mile. For coal, cannel and other minerals passing through locks, three halfpence a mile. For timber, goods and other merchandise passing through locks, twopence per mile. Canal to be measured, and Hones setup every half mile. Recovery of rates. Payment of wharfage on goods that remain.at the wharf above ten days. Power to alter the rates. Rates to be free from taxes. Matters of boats to give an account in writing' of particulars of lading. Forty cubic feet of oak, alh, elm or beech, or 50 cubic feet of sir, deal, or poplar, to be deemed a tonne weight, and izolb. avoirdupois to be a hundredweight. If any difference concerning weight, collectors may weigh or measure boats, See, Navigation to be free on payment of rates. Vessels under twelve or eight tonnes, not to pass locks without content of proprietors. To prevent lock keepers, See. giving any preference. Matters to put their names on outside of their boats. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked; and vessels to be gauged. Matters or owners of boats answerable for damages. Matters to recover back from their servants any turns paid for their neglect or default. For fencing off towing paths, and making bridges, Sec. The company liable to be indittted at common-law, for not making stone or brick bridges over the canal. The company liable to be indibted at common law for not repairing bridges. Sec. and to pay colts. Justices at the sessions, in certain cases, to determine what bridges shall be made. Swivel and draw bridges to be (hut and fattened, after vessels shall have patted through them, on penalty of 5l. In case the company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, land owners may do it at the company's expense. If bridges, C made by the company, are insufficient, land owners may make others. Lords of manors and land owners may erect warehouses, con their lands. If not done within a limited time, the company may build. Power for owners of mines to make railways for conveying coals, cf to the canal. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal and collateral cuts; but not without content of the owners of lands. Rates of tonnage on private wharves. Additional rates of tonnage on private wharves. Company of proprietors, or other persons, not to use exclusively private wharves. Company of proprietors or committee to regulate the navigation. Boats sunk to be weighed up. Persons overloading and obstructing the navigation, or opening locks, See. to forfeit not less than 40s. nor more than 5l. Persons wilfully destroying works, guilty of felony. Canal not to be under the power of of of fevvers. Proprietors to be taxed for lands, C in the same proportion as adjoining lands. C Rights of lords of manors and land owners

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 85.

to fishery reserved. Penalty on unqualified persons on board having nets, jl. Power for land owners to use pleasure boats. To compel payment of subscriptions. Recovery of forfeitures. Persons aggrieved by irregularity in distress, to recover special damage. Damages not provided for, to be settled by of Proceedings not to be quailed for want of form. Appeal. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Public acts.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of and within such part of the parish of Whitchurch as maintains its own poor, and lies within the county of Salop.

Guardians of the poor appointed and incorporated by the name of u The guardians of the poor of that part of the parish of Whitchurch, Which lies within the county of Salop' First meeting of the guardians on September j&z, 1792, and to meet annually on the first Monday in January, April, July and October. Women to vote by proxy. Guardians and directors may act as justices. Directors to deliver in their qualifications. Guardians and directors to defray their own expenses. Directors or officers not to be concerned in any contract. Guardians at the first meeting to appoint a chairman, and also the twelve first directors. Inhabitants of the parish ever afterwards to make out a list of guardians, C to be proposed for directors, to fill up vacancies in the direction. Churchwardens and overseers required to call vestries. Directors to accept the offices within ten days. No person to be elected to the office of director within five years from the date of his quitting the direction, without his consent. Directors to take an oath. Guardians at their first meeting may appoint officers, and directors at subsequent meetings to appoint treasurer and clerk; governor and steward^schoolmaster or mistress, and all other officers to give security. Weekly meetings of directors. Special assemblies may be held. Directors may purchase or hire buildings, lands, C and ered buildings; and repair, alter, add to and enlarge the same. Lands which shall be purchased to be rated as heretofore. Buildings to be furnished. Directors to have the management of the poor, and to provide for their maintenance and employment. Poor persons to be maintained as usual till the house of industry shall be deemed by the directors ready for their reception. Power to apprehend poor persons belonging to the said parish. Power to apprehend vagrants. Directors may send vagrants to their place of settlement. Directors may take the examination of poor persons, touching their places of settlement, and represent the same to two justices, requesting the said justices to remove them to their legal settlements. Children taken in to be apprenticed. Apprentices not to be assigned without consent of directors. Children may be discharged out of the house, or hired out. Justice to settle disputes respecting wages. Power to sell the present workhouse, and other lands, C belonging to the poor. Charitable donations for the relief of the poor, to be paid to the treasurer, for the use of the corporation. Churchwardens and overseers refusing to receive and pay the same, to forfeit not less than 20s. nor more than 5l. Ad not to extend to any alms house, free school, hospital, or other building of special donation, or lands thereto respectively belonging. Directors to settle the accounts of churchwardens and overseers relating to particular charities. Power to borrow 45ool. Power to assign over all the buildings, C belonging to the corporation, as a security for money borrowed. Power to grant annuities. Annuities to be paid out of rates. Securities may be transferred. For making assessments. Parish officers to assist in the execution of the ad, and on their making default, to forfeit not less than 40s. nor more than iol. Directors may appoint constables. Parish officers may raise money, besides the sums requisite for the purposes of this act. Allowing money for occasional relief to be retained in the hands of church wardens. Churchwardens, C to account with directors, and pay money collected to the treasurer; on failure whereof to be committed. Property of furniture, C veiled in directors; punching persons who shall wilfully damage the buildings or fences; or

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 86. [1792.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

buying or receiving the goods, See. Five directors necessary to make a quarterly and three a weekly meeting No business to be done by directors but at meetings. Directors not attending at meetings, to forfeit riot lei's than 5 s. nor more than 40s. directors may grant certificates. Certificates now in the custody, and to be received in future by parish. officers, to be delivered to the clerk. Bonds of indemnity against bastards to be given to the directors. Bye laws may be made. No bye law to be made, altered or repealed, unless seven members are present. Directing what shall be deemed legal notice. Rewards to be given to the industrious poor. Contracts and proceedings to be entered in a book. Allowing inhabitants to inspect books and papers. No appeals against removals without content of directors. When the profit of the poor's labour shall be sufficient for their maintenance, rates to cease. Recovery and application of penalties. Appeal to the quarter sessions. Inhabitants may be witnesses. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. The expenses of the act to be paid out of the first money raised. Limitation of actions. ge r.eral issue.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for repairing or rebuilding the pier adjoining to the harbour of Broadstairs, in the isle of Thanet, in the county of Kent; and for the better preserving the said harbour; and for removing and preventing obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances, and regulating the mooring of ships and vessels, within the said harbour.

Commissioners. On death, refusal, or removal of of, new ones to be appointed. Qualification of of Lord warden, C not to be disqualified by non attendance. No commissioner to enjoy a place of profit. First meeting of the of on the twenty-fifth of June 1792. Commissioners to defray their own expenses Commissioners who are justices may act as such. Suits to be brought in the name of the clerk or treasurer. Books to be kept, and entries made. Commission* trs to appoint officers; and may allow them falsifies. Commissioners ftm powered to take security, and to call their officers to account. Property in the pier and harbour vested in the of Commissioners im powered to contract for the performance of the works. All duties heretofore payable to cease. Other rates payable. Collectors empowered to measure the ships for ascertaining the tonnage. Persons fraudulently evading the rates to forfeit five pounds. Officers empowered to distrain for rates. The part of the profits of boats assisting ships in distress, See. may be recovered by action at law. Commissioners enabled to examine persons liable to pay the duties. Remedy for masters of ships or other persons paying the rates payable by others, to recover the same of may direct the mooring and ballasting of vessels. Power to remove and prevent encroachments, C Inhabitants of the said parishes not to be restrained from taking sand, mud Sec. from the harbour, the lame being taken from such places as the of shall by notice appoint. Until such notice given, such sand, mud, See. may be taken from any part of the harbour. No vessel to be used in the harbour as a storehouse. Limits of the harbour ascertained. Commissioners may let the rates, giving 21 days notice. Power to borrow money, and assign the rates as a security. Money may be raised by granting annuities. Securities transferrable. Application of the money. Commissioners to provide books for keeping accounts. Commissioners to state and produce their acccfants yearly to the inhabitants. Power to purchase land. Penalties bow to be recovered. Appeal. Commissioners may compound for penalties or forfeitures; and may reward informers. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not removable by certiorari. Tender of amends. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs, Maneria! rights fayed. Publftk act.

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 87 — 90. 671

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act to enable the dean, and chapter of Hereford to re build the west end of the cathedral church of Hereford, and to repair other parts thereof.

Whereas the west end of the cathedral church of Hereford fell down sometime in April one thousand seven hundred and eighty six and other parts of the said cathedral church are in a ruinous state, and in great need of repair: and whereas a considerable sum of money hath been already laid out towards in part rebuilding the said west end, and putting other parts of the said cathedral church into repair; and it will require a further sum of four thousand pounds, at the least, to complete the rebuilding of the said west end, and to put all the other parts of the said cathedral church into good repair: and whereas the dean and chapter of the said cathedral church, confiding of a dean, and five other dignitaries, commonly called residentiary canons, are as such fieifed of diverse manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and are willing and desirous to charge 'themselves, and their successors, with any sum not exceeding four thousand pounds, for the purposes abovementioned; but not being able to effetft the same without the authority of parliament; may it therefore please, Sec. The dean and chapter empowered to borrow 4»ooooi. towards rebuilding the west end of the cathedral, Sec. Mortgages to be registered.

Power for recovery of principal and interest by the mortgagees. Mortgagees not answerable for the application of the money borrowed. The dean and chapter may grant leases, notwithstanding the mortgagees. The interest to be paid half yearly, Sec. Principal money how to be paid off.

The dean and chapter to keep accounts of the money received and expended.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for rebuilding the chapel, and enlarging the chapel yard of Lane end, within the parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the county of Stafford.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for building a new church or chapel in the town of Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York.

CAP. XC.

An act for building a bridge across the river Wear, from the bank or shore thereof, in the parish of Bishop Wearmouth, in the county of Durham, to the opposite shore, in the parish of Monk Wearmouth in the same county.

Commissioners names. Qualifications of of, real estate of root, a year, or personal estate of 3000l. commissioners to iue and be sued in the name of their clerk. Indemnity to clerk. First meeting of of June 35, 1792. Power to adjourn. commissioners to defray their own expenses. Power to appoint new of Commissioners empowered to erect: a bridge across the Wear; to cut and level the banks of the river; to widen and enlarge roads, and make new roads, making satisfadhon to the owners. Bridge to be built of such materials as corn mi fiioners, shall think proper. No houses to be built upon it, except toll houses. The bridge not to be subject to taxes, nor a county bridge. Power to the of to contract for building the bridge, and for purchasing lands, Sec. Power to bodies politic and others to sell and convey. Bodies politic, Sec. refuting to treat, the value to be fe ttled by a jury at the sessions. Recital of the bishop of durham's right to Sunder, Ferry. Recital of lease to Anthony Ettrick, and of iettjement made upon the marriage of William Ettrick esq, Recital of lease to William lttrick esq, February 14, 1785. Authority to the bishop of Durham to

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. go.

[1792.

appoint an arbitrator. Authority to of to nominate an arbitrator. Authority to the two arbitrators to appoint a third person to act as referee, to ascertain the value in fee simple of the ferry or passage; who are, in two months from their first meeting, to make their award. Recital of sir lied worth Williamson and general lambton's right to Pan Ferry, Arbitrators to be appointed in 3 months after the bridge is built. Arbitrators to name a third person who are to determine whether it is a horse or foot boat, and the value thereof A copy of the award to be delivered to sir Hedworth Williamson and general Lambton, and another to the of Power to determine the value of the ferries by a jury at the sessions, in case the same shall not be settled by arbitration. Power to the bishop of Durham to have the value of Sunderland Ferry ascertained by a special jury at the affixes. Witnesses or jurymen neglecting or refuting to attend may be fined, not exceeding iol. Fees and expenses of jury and witnesses how to be paid. Fees of the sheriff, jurymen, and witnesses, who attend to ascertain the value of the fee simple and inheritance of the ferry boats, how to be paid. Value of lands to be paid out of the tolls, or out of the money to be borrowed upon the credit of the same. Persons reiufing to accept the valuation upon tender made thereof, the money to be deposited with the treasurer of the county of Durham. Pan Ferry, and the tolls thereof, veiled in of The money awarded to the bishop of Durham, to be charged upon the tolls, cas well of the bridge as of the ferries, C Tolls, cof the ferry settled and vetted in the of, with power to collect the same, and the like power of distress and sale in case of refusal. The lord bishop of Durham to appoint an arbitrator; and Mr. Ettrick to appoint another; who are to appoint a referee; two of whom are to six and ascertain the sum to be paid by the bishop to Mr. Ettrick. The money to be applied upon the same trusts, and for the purposes'mentioned in Mr. ettrick's settlement. The money to be paid to the bishop and his lefiee not to be called fn for ten years. To give two years notice of calling in money. Provision for determining whether compensation is to be made for Southwick Ferry, Power to elect new arbitrators in certain cases. Money awarded to bodies politic, C to be invested in the purchase of lands. Power to take tolls. Tolls. A coach and six, 3s. A coach and four, 2s. A coach nd pair, is. 6d. Chaise with one horse, 9d. A wagon, cart, See. laden, with six horses, 3s. A do. with five horses, 2s. 6d. A do. with four horses, 2s. A do. with three or two horses, is. 6d. A cart with one horse, is. A wagon, cart, Sic. empty and unladen with six horses, lod. A do. with five horses, 9d. A do. with four horses, 8d. A do. with three or two horses, 6d. A cart with one horse, 4d.'A horse laden or unladen, one penny halfpenny. Hogs, sheep or lambs, per score, jd. Cows and horned cattle each, id. A foot passenger laden, id. Do. unladen, one halfpenny. Powers for compelling payment thereof. Rider of a horse, and driver of a carriage, not to pay toll. Power to reduce the tolls. Persons taking off horses, or carrying goods, in order to avoid payment of tolls, to forfeit 40s. Power to lease the tolls. Appointment of clerk, surveyor, and other officers; who are to account upon oath. No commissioner to vote in the choice of officers who hath not acted within 12 months. The of to take security from officers. Surveyor may gather furze, gravel, Sic. from wattes, without making any satistac tien, $: C Power to of to borrow 5000k on credit of the tolls, by way of tontine or otherwise. Copies of assignments to be entered in a book. No money to be borrowed on the credit of the tolls after the first meeting, unless notice given upon the market cross. Subscribers to pay their subscriptions to the treasurer. Application of the money. Persons wilfully burning or destroying the works, 81c. to be deemed guilty of felony. Matters and owners of ships, and others, injuring the works, to pay the amount of the damage. The property of the bridge, C vetted in the treasurer. Powers to commence on passing this act, and penalties to be recovered before one or more justices of the county of Durham. For want of distress, offenders to be sent to gaol or house of correction. Offenders thinking themselves aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Powers of the act for the preservation of river Wear saved. Property of

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 91.

[Public act.]

the soil used for the purposes of this act saved. Sir Hedworth william son's rights in Sunderland Ferry fayed. Other rights annexed to certain farms and houses in Monkwearmouth, Southwick, and Full well saved. Persons illegally taking the benefit thereof, to forfeit 40s. Justices may act though they are of Proceedings to be entered in a book, which may be read in evidence. Actions to be commenced in three months. Defendants to plead general issue. Treble costs. The bridge to be begun within seven years. General saving.

CAP. XCI.

An act for more effectually draining and preserving certain lowlands, within the parish of Great Carlton, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. XCII.

An act for making a harbour in the cove of Beer, in the county of Devon.

Commissioners appointed and authorised to build a pier at the cove of Beer. To prevent injuring the works. Power to collect certain duties. Every ship, C laden or unladen belonging to any of his majesty's subjects (except fishing boats) per tonne, id. Do. not belonging to any of his majesty's subjects per tonne, ad. For every tonne of goods, Sec. (except corn, malt, coals and tish) brought into or carried out of the harbour by Ships, Sec. belonging to his majesty's subjects, is. By ships, Sec. not belonging'to his majesty's subjects, as. For every last of corn, grain or malt, by subjects, is. Do. by ships, C not belonging to subjects, 2s. For every chaldron of coals brought into the harbour, is. For every falling boat, Sec. belonging to the inhabitants of Beer, not more than five tonnes yearly, 5s. If more than five tonnes yearly, 10s. For every boat with fish for sale not belonging to the inhabitants of Beer, and not more than five tonnes burden, is. If more than five tonnes, as. For ascertaining the duties. king's ships exempt from the duties. Duties vested in the of For borrowing ao, ooool. and assigning the rates. For transferring assignments. Directing how the money shall be applied. Appointing of Commissioners to have in Devonshire freehold estate of the yearly value of 30l. or 60l. leasehold, or reside in the county, and have personal estate of aool. Commissioners to appoint officers, and.enter their proceedings and accounts. Power to reduce the duties. Recovery and application of penalties. Allowing an appeal. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Reserving certain rates now payable to the lord of the manof, and to the chamber of the city of Exeter. Public act

CAP. XCIII.

An act for improving the communication between the county of Edinburgh and the county of Fife, by the passages or ferries cross the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Newhaven, in the county of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntisland in the county of Fife; and for rendering the harbours and landing places more commodious.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for regulating and improving the salmon fishery in the river Nith, in the county of Dumfries.

[Public act.]

Act 33 Geo. a. repealed. Fish not to be taken between October 5, and March. Spawn and fry not to be taken between March 1, and June 15. Limits of the mouth of the river Nith to extend from the large hotife at Carfethorne of Arbigland, in a line across the river Nith due east. Nets and other engines taken in the river to be cut and destroyed. Per ions not having right lb to do, not to fish in the river. Persons beating the water, or setting objedfs to prevent entering the river, to forfeit not less than ios. nor more than 5l. Recovery and application of penalties. Appeal to the quarter sessions. Appeal from the fherilt depute, or substitutes to the lords of session.

674 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 95 — 97. [1792.

CAP. XCV.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within the several parishes of Atcham, Wroxeter, Berrington, Cund, Eaton Constantine, Henley, Leighton, Uffington, and Upton Magna, and the chapelry of Cressage, in the county of Salop.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor, belonging to the parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and certain other parishes and places therein mentioned, in the counties of Montgomery and Salop.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for building a bridge, at or near the ferry over the river Thames, from Whitchurch, in the county of Oxford, to the opposite shore, in the parish of Pangbourn, in the county of Berks.

Proprietors. To be a corporate body, by the name of, C The Company of Proprietors of Whitchurch Bridge' Bridge to be built. Ascents of approaches to the bridge. Obstructions in the river near the bridge may be removed, and banks of the river may be cut. Materials for the bridge,

C may be brought and worked upon any waste land near the bridge without satisfaction, C Bodies corporate. C empowered to sell premises required for building the bridge, See Commissioners to determine differences. If parties cannot agree, the matter to be settled by a jury.

If a sufficient number of jurymen do not attend, the jury to be made up from the (landers by. Sheriff, C making default may be fined. Commissioners or jury not 'to act where interested. Proprietors not to take possession of premises till payment of purchase money. Money payable to bodies corporate, C to be reinvested in purchase of other estates to the same uses. Paying expenses of the jury. Meetings of of to be held within seven miles. Annual rents, adjudged for damages, to be paid. When the bridge shall be completed, right of, in and to the ferry to cease in confederation of 350l. Proprietors may raise 1, 4001. among themselves by shares of one hundred pounds each. The shares vested in the proprietors. Proprietors to have votes, and may vote by proxy. Votes to be given personally or by proxy. Votes how to be given. All business at general meetings to be determined by majority. Power to raise 4, ocol. more, if the 2, 400b shall be infumcient. ne\^subscribers to become members of the body politic. First general meeting to be on the second of July 1792, and to meet annually on the first Monday in January and July. Special meetings may be held on ten days notice. First general meeting to choose a committee, treasurer and clerk who is to enter proceedings in a book. Subsequent committees how to be chosen; meetings to be monthly, and their expenses paid. Committees to make reports of proceedings to the general assemblies, and to obey their orders. Committee to make calls of money from the proprietors when necessary.

The money to be paid to the treasurer. applied by the committee. Powers of the committee. Ten days notice of calls. Persons not paying the first call, may be sued; persons not paying according to subsequent calls, to forfeit twenty Shillings. Limiting time for taking advantage of forfeitures. Company to have power to remove committee men and officers, and to make and alter bye laws. Directing how calls on shares undisposed of, belonging to persons dying, shall be made. On default of payment, other persons may be admitted as proprietors. Proprietors may sell or dispose of their shares. Proprietors not to sell their fiiares until calls are paid up. No business to be done at committees, uriless three proprietors shall be present. The treasurer to give security. Bridge vested in the company. Tolls for passing over the bridge. For persons on foot one halfpenny. For horses not drawing twopence. For affies, three halfpence.

For beasts, twopence. For sheep, one halfpenny. For hogs, one halfpenny. For horses drawing, twopence. For every wheel to a carriage,

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. 98 — 100.

twopence. No toll for horses drawing barges, C into Whitchurch Pound Lock. The tolls vetted in the company, with powers of distress,

C Tolls may be reduced, and raised again. Penalty on evading tolls,

[General issue.]

CC five pounds. Five pounds penalty on conveying for hire per fans, cattle, or any other article, over the river, within the parishes of Whitchurch and Pangbourn, otherwise than over the bridge. For altering the continuation of the lock, to prevent evasion of the tolls. The rights of the ferry to be vetted in the company of proprietors. Damage done to the bridge by bargemen to be paid for by the owners. Persons passing a line over the bridge to forfeit twenty thillings. Damaging the bridge, C to be deehned felony. Bridge to be deemed extra parochial, and the centre the boundary between the counties. When bridge impalpable, a ferry to be provided. For obliging the subscribers to pay their subscriptions. Proceedings to be entered in books. Informations and conviction to be before one justice. The recovery of penalties and forfeitures. Ajultice of the peace for Oxfordshire and Berks, may take cognizance of any offence which shall extend to both counties. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Appeal. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, or removed by certiorari. Limitation of actions.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for appointing of to sell and dispose of a certain unfinished building at or near Taunton, in the county of Somerset, intended for a public hospital or infirmary, and of a piece of ground belonging thereto, in case a sufficient sum of money shall not be raised by subscription, within a limited time, for finishing the said building, and paying the money due on account thereof.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the several parishes within the city of Worcester, and of the parishes of Saint Martin and Saint Clement, which are part within the city of Worcester and part within the county of Worcester, and for providing a burial ground for the use of such parishes.

CAP. C

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Cromford canal, in the county of Nottingham, to or near to the town of Nottingham and to the river Trent, near Nottingham Trent bridge; and also certain collateral cuts therein described, from the said intended canal.

Proprietors incorporated, by the name of ie The Nottingham Canal Company." Their powers. Houses, gardens, C not to be injured.

Power to take water from mines. Proprietors of fire engines to lift their water into the canal. Restrictions relative to taking water from any rivulets which supply the Erewash canal. No water to be taken from the parish of Wollaton or the river Trent. The waters of the Erewash canal not to be taken into the Cromford canal, except by reservoirs, and under certain, restrictions. Reservoirs to be made in lieu of the water to be given up. A lock to be made near the jundtion with the Cromford canal.

The expenses of the reservoirs and locks to be defrayed by the Nottingham canal company. Other regulations as to the water of the Nottingham canal. Disputes between the Cromford and Nottingham canal company to be referred to arbitrators. Regulations as to the water of the Cromford canal. No reservoir to be made where the Erewash company are entitled to make reservoirs, See. That quantity to be ascertained by engineers. The Erewash company may take reservoirs made by the Cromford or Nottingham company in certain cases. Reservoirs to be made in certain cases by the Erewash company, at the expense of the Nottingham company. No reservoir to be made on lord Stamford's land. Re ft actions respecting the works near Nottingham castle. Culverts to be made VOL. XXXVII "y y under

6/6. Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. ioo.

[1792.

under the canal for draining Nottingham park. Errors in describing the line not to prevent.making the canal. Breadth of canal, collateral cuts, and towing paths, to be twenty six yards. No building to be erected on the towing paths, except for the navigation. Bodies politic, C im* powered to sell. Copyhold rights preferred. Commissioners for settling differences. Election of new of The quarter sessions to appoint new of in certain cases. Commissioners to have real eft ate of 100l. a year, or personal estate of aooooh Commissioners not to hold any place of profit. Commissioners may att as justices. Fourteen day s notice to be given of the meetings of of On application of may hold meetings. Commissioners to hold annual meetings on the third Tuesday in August. Commissioners to determine what sums the company hall pay for the land and damages. Jury to be furn moned in certain cases. Fines upon sheriffs, See. making default. expences of of and jury by whom to be born. Persons requeuing a jury to enter into a bond to prosecute before of issue their warrant for a jury. Notice of injury to be given to the company, before complaint made to the of Verdicts to be recorded, and on satisfaction being made or tendered, the lands vested in the county. Purchase moneys paid in trust to be laid out to the same uses. In default of payment, yearly rents, Sec. the tonnage rates to become security. Company to remove Mr. pierrepont's wharf, Sec. or pay him the expense of removal. Satisfaction to be made for Mr. mutter's wharf. Company to be compellable to purchase several pieces of land or make communications by bridges. Mines, Sec. reserved to lords of manors or other proprietors. Coal mines, Sec. not to be worked to prejudice the navigation, company's agents to be at liberty to enter lands or mines to view the works. For fencing off towing paths. Making watering places. In case company do not fence off the towing paths and make bridges, land owners may do it at the company's expense. If bridges, Sec. made by the company are insufficient, land owners may make others. Company may cleanse the adjoining watercourses at the land owners expense. Power to make railways. One railway only to be made in the lands of Mr. Willoughby, at Afpley. If rail ways be made by the company for the use of any colhery, they shall make the like for the colliery at Brinsley. Cuts may be made to communicate with the intended canal and collateral cuts. Cut maybe made to Bilborough. Lords of manors and land owners may build warehouses, Sec. on their lands. If not done within twelve months, the company may build thereon. Regulations as to private wharves. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to fishery saved. Unqualified persons on board having nets, to forfeit 5l. Power for land owners to use pleasure boats. Proprietors to raise 50, 000k amongst themselves for making the canal, collateral cut and other works. The money to be divided into ffimes of iool. each. Proprietors to receive 5l. percent, till canal be finished. Subscribers to have a vote for every share. Proprietors may raise an additional sum of a5, ooool. if necessary. Power to raise money by mortgage; and to assign the navigation as a security. Assignments may be transferred. Inteveft of money borrowed to be paid in preference to dividends. Assignees not to vote on account of having lent money. First gener al assembly to be held, and committees appointed June 26, 1792; and annually on the first Tuesday in May. Power to hold special assemblies. Each member of the committee to have but one vote, except the chairman. Committee to be under the control of general assemblies. Persons holding places not to serve on committees. Books of accounts to be kept. General and special assemblies to consist of two hundred and fifty ffiares. Other powers of general assemblies and committees. Committee to be allowed their expenses. To compel payment of subscription. Subscribers to have notice before their shares are forfeited. General assemblies may remove members of the committee, Sec, and make bye laws. Subscribers dying before their shares are completed, executors, Sec. may complete the same. In case of refusal or want of assets, proprietors may appoint others. Shares may be disposed of No share to be sold after call made, until the money is paid. Officers to the company to be appointed. Proceedings of the of to be entered in a book. Power to collect lates of tonnage. Rates for coal and coak fourpence

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. ior.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

halfpenny a tonne, and in addition thereto one halfpermy.a mile, but in no case to exceed is. a tonne. For lime and limestone one halfpenny a tonne per niile, but not to exceed the amount of payment for twelve miles. For bricks 6d. a tonne. For all stone (except limestone) id. a tonne per mile, but not to pay for more than io miles. For all iron, ironstone, lead and other minerals, timber, corn and other goods, id. a tonne per mile, but not to pay for more than 12 miles. For all other goods (except Hate, lime, limestone and plaster) passing to or from the river Trent, 2d. per tonne. Proportion of a mile to be taken as a mile. Recovery of rates. Exemption from rates. The Cromford canal company authorised to take certain rates for boats passing to and from the intended canal. The Cromford company not to take higher rates for boats passing to or from the intended canal, than to and from the Erewash canal. Payment for wharfage. Power 16 alter the rates. Profits net to exceed 81. per centum per annum. The reduction of tonnage first to take place on coals. Mailers of boats to give an account in writing of particulars of lading. Quantity of tonnage, &c, ascertained. Sixteen cubit feet of stone, ten yards square of fiagftone and ten yards of lineal curbstone, fifty cubic feet of round or forty cubic feet square oak, alh, elm, or beach, and fifty feet of sir deal, poplar, C to be deemed a tonne weight, and nine score pounds avoirdupoil'e of limestone, and six score pounds of coals to be deemed ioolb. weight. If any difference concerning the weight, collegers may weigh vessels. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. The company's lands to be taxed as other lands near thereto. To prevent lock keepers, See. giving any preference. Vessels under 20 tonnes not to pals the locks, but on certain conditions. masters to put their names on the outside of their boats. Weight of the lading of vessels to to be marked, and vessels to be gauged. Mailers or owners Of boats answerable for damages. Mailers to recover back from their servants Turns paid for their defaults. Regulations for vessels passing the locks. Committee to regulate the navigation. Penalty on persons overloading or obstructing the navigation, Scc. and on opening locks, See. Punishing personss wilfully destroying the works. Canal not to be under the power of of of sewers. Culverts, See. to be made under the river Leen. Satisfaction to be made to Mr. Gregory, for damage to his lands by the waters of the Leen. Certain parts of Mr. gregory's lands not to be taken or affected by virtue of the act. Compensation to, be made to the trustees of the Alfreton and Ilkefton roads for any diminution of the toll. For settling disputes touching such compensation. Deficiencies in any year to be afterwards made up. Company of proprietors shall not be answerable in certain cases. Turnpike trustees to inspect the books of the company. Satisfaction to be proportioned between the two roads when the whole cannot be made good. Rates not to be reduced to the injury of the turnpike trustees. Trent undertakers may make cuts into a cerfefisn part of the canal, and boats using the Trent, may pass on such part of the said canal on paying a certain rate. Power to compel payment of subscriptions. Recovery of fines and forfeitures. Application of money. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Appeal to the quarter sessions. Limitation of actions.

CAP. CL

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the county of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and also a navigable branch from the said intended canal, at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg, and also another navigable branch from, at or near Gale Mois by Chorley, to or near Duxbury in the said county palatine of Lancaster.

Proprietors names. Proprietors incorporated by the name of u The company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation, " Canal to be called "The Lancaster canal, " and to be navigable from Kirkby Kendal, through the parishes of Kirkby Kendal, Heversham, Beetholme and Burton in Westmorlandj and Warton, Bolton by the Sands Iialton, Lancaster,

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. ioi.

[1792.

Cockerham, Garftang Church Town, Saint michaeps Kirkham, Preston, Blackburn, Pen, wortham, Leyland, Brindle, Chorley, Crofton, Standish and Wigan, and into the township of West Houghton. Levels and Purveys have been taken, and book of reference made. Three parts to be made and authenticated by the speaker of the house of commons, and allowed to be given in evidence. Proprietors of Leeds and Liverpool canal, on three months notice to mark out the line and level where the proposed Lancaster canal may cross it. Canal not to deviate more than one hundred yards from the coiirfe in the plan. Land owners being omitted in the book of reference, not to obstruct the work. The branch from Gale Moss to Duxbury not to be made without the consent of Thomas Weld and Thomas Gillibrand. Water may be taken from the river Mint. Canal to be seven. feet deep from Yeonam to Hincaster Gretn in Westmoreland. restrictions as to taking water. Meftrs. Watfons and Cods works at Catterall protected. Mr. greenalgh's mill, Cross Hall mill, and diverse mills in cul cheth, Pennington, Westleigh and Atherton in Lancashire, protected Water not to be taken from Potter Brook, Beere Dock, Well Brook or Cocker Brook, or beyond the end of the canal at West Houghton chapel. The property of sir Frank Standish, baronet, protected. To indemnify Mr. Bradshaw for taking down weirs, See. To prevent any deviation through the grounds of sir Henry Hoghton, baronet, and lord Archibald Hamilton. No toll house fire engine, Sec. to be erected in the township of Ashton, or within one mile of the mansion houses of lir Henry Hoghton, baronet, and Nicholas Starkie, esq; or between Penwortham and Walton, bridges, over the river Ribble, To enable lord Derby, lord Lonsdale, lord Archibald Hamilton, lady Andover, Daniel Wilson, John Marfden and John Parker, esqrs. Mr. Clifton and others to make collateral cuts to communicate with the canal. To permit a cut from the manor of Thornton in Yorkshire to join the canal. Houses, gardens, Scc. not to be injured. Breadth of canal and towing paths not to exceed thirty yards. Bodies politic, corporate, C empowered to sell and convey lands. Satisfaction to be made by annual relit where title is doubtful. Commissioners appointed. Their qualification, freehold, copyhold or leasehold estate for life of iocl. a year in Lancashire, or 50l. in Westmoreland, or having per fonal estate of 2, ooool. in Lancashire, or i, ooool. in Westmoreland, and rdiding in the said countits. If parties are dissatisfied with the determination of the of, or refuse to accept purchase money, juries to be impan pelled to aliefs the damages, and their verdict to be final, and witnesses may. be examined on oath. Twenty pounds penalty on sheriff, and 5l. on jurymen, and other persons summoned, who make default. Quarter sessions to name of, in case a sufficient number do not attend, and justices of the peace may act as of Commissioners to give fourteen days notice of their meetings. Meetings upon request of proprietors or land owners may be summoned at any time. Meetings to determine disputes, to be held within one mile of the canal. Proceedings not to be, quailed for want of form. Proceedings of of to be entered, in a book, and to be admitted as evidence, juries under the same regulations as in the coui ts at Westminster. Persons requesting juries to enter! into hond to prosecute. Notice of injury to be given to the proprietors, before complaint to the of Persons giving falie evidence, iu? ject to be prosecuten for perjury. Satisfaction to be made for damages, done in getting materials. verdicts for value of lands, and money lor cia tsr.ges, to fc atemamed separate. verdicts to be recorded, and lands filed in the proprietors. Purchase money to be laid out to the same ufrs. commissioners.to settle the proportions of the money to be. paid to the ft vcral persons' interested. For recovery of - purchase money Tor lands. Mint s, &c. referred, to lords of manors, or to other proprietors; Coal mines, See, not to be worked, to prejudice the navigation. Company's agents to be at liberty to enter lands or mines, to view the works. Company to make drains, See. Works damaged by the floods, to be repaired by the company. Enabling the; company to cleanse the adjoining \vat*rcourses, at the land owners expense.' Proprietors may raise 414, 1001. to be divided into 4, 141 hares, at 100l. each. Shares deemed personal estate. Proprietors may ruse aoo, ooool. more, if ntedfary. Sixty thousand

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. ioj. 6

pounds to be laid out, in making the canal in Westmorland. Company may borrow aoo, 000l. more, and assign the navigation as a security.

Mortgage to be entered in a book, and may be. transferred. interest of the money borrowed, to be first paid. Mortgagees or assignees, not to vote on account of having lent money. Five pounds percent, to be paid to the proprietors, until the works are completed. Subscribers to have a vote for every share, not exceeding one hundred. General meetings for choosing a committee, to be the first Tuesday in July and January. Each member of the committee to have but one vote, except the chairman. Committee subject to control of general meetings. Books to be kept.

Power of general meetings to audit accounts, call for money, C subscriber forfeiting his share, shall have personal notice, and the forfeiture must be declared at a general meeting. General meetings may remove committee men, and make bye laws. General meetings adjourned in case of non attendance. On the death of subscribers, before share completed, executors may do it. Shares may be disposed of After a call, no share to be sold, until the money paid. Officers to be appointed. Rates, viz.

For tonnage and wharfage upon coal, navigated on the canal, one penny halfpenny per tonne per mile. For limestone, slate, bricks, stone, gravel, sand, manure, cone halfpenny per tonne per mile. For lime, pig iron, cast iron, and bar iron, one penny per tonne per mile. For timber, dying woods and all other goods, twopence per tonne per mile. Rates may be reduced or altered. Coals passing locks on south side of Ribble, to pay two shillings and threepence per tonne. Matters of boats to give in writing to the collectors, particulars of the goods on board, on penalty of 10s. per tonne. Forty feet of round, or fifty feet of square oak, ash, or elm timber, and fifty feet of sir, deal, poplar, beech or birch, and forty feet of light goods, to be deemed a tonne weight. In case of difference concerning the weight of goods, collectors may weigh them. - Proprietors to regulate the price of pareels, under izolb. weight. Navigation to be free, upon payment of tolls. Owners of lands may use pleasure boats on the canal.

Earl of Balcarras may use boats on the canal, within his own estate.

Watering places for cattle, to be provided. For fencing off towing paths, and making bridges. Proprietors may be indicted for not building stone or brick bridges, in all highways over the canal. If the company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, eland owners may at the company's expense, and if insufficient, land owners may make others.

Proprietors with consent of of of highways, may alter roads.

Company may purchase lands, and make occupation ways or bridges.

[Public act.]

Land owners may erect warehouses, con their own lands, and if not done in twelve months after notice, the proprietors may. Regulations as to private wharves. Matters to put their names on the outside of boats, and to be measured, on penalty of 40s. Boat matter or owner accountable for damages done by the crew, and may recover over against their servants, See. Proper places to be made for boats to turn or lie in Vessels lying so as to obstruct the navigation, to be removed. Vessels sunk, to be weighed up. Persons overloading and obstructing the passage of the canal, of throwing ballast into it, to forfeit 5l. Persons opening the locks, or doing other damage to the navigation, to forfeit not less than 40s. nor more than 5l. Regulation for vessels passing the locks. Vessels passing locks, to be 56 feet long and 14 feet wide. Proprietors to take tonnage of vessels passing locks. Canal not to be under the power of of of sewers. Proprietors to be taxed for lands and buildings, in proportion to adjoining lands, and free from tolls and parliamentary taxes, in respect of the navigation. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to the fishery referred. Persons on board boats having nets, C not being qualified, forfeit 5l. Stones to be erected every mile. Treasurer, C to give security. To compel payment of subscriptions. Penalties and forr, feitures, how to be recovered and applied. Appeal to quarter sessionso lin&itation of actions. General issue. Full costs.

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 102. [1792.

CAP. CII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from, or from lbme place near Poritnewynydd, into the river Ufk? at or near the town of Newport, and a collateral cut or canal from the same, at or near a place called Cryndau Farm, to or near to Crumlin bridge, all in the county of Monmouth; and for making and maintaining rail ways, 'or stone roads, from such cuts or canals, to several ironworks and mines, in the counties of Monmouth and Brecknock.

Proprietors incorporated by the name of The Company of Proprietors of the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation with power to pure hale lands. Their powers. Power to make inclined plains, C Houses or buildings, gardens, parks, paddocks, not to be taken or injured, except certain gardens, C particularly specified in the schedule to this act. Directing the course of the canal through the estate of Joseph Cowles. For prefer vat ion of the streams of water and brooks belonging to Mr. Cowles. For securing the works at Beaufort. For preserving the water of the river Afon Lwyd. For erecting weirs for ascertaining the quantity of water to be taken from the river Afon Lwyd for certain purposes. For preventing any delay in the working of Trofnant furnace, by taking water therefrom. For making a waste weir for discharging superfluous water into the river Afon Lwyd. For keeping in repair the waste weirs. To secure water to Abercarne forges, and to empower the proprietors to, take water from certain brooks. For erecting a weir across the river Ebwy. For erecting a weir at Crumlin bridge. For building walls for securing the banks. For securing a sufficient supply of water to the ironworks and corn mill of Mr. Glover. For preserving the water at the mill near Lantarnum house. Increasing the head of water at Rochafton works, in proportion to the water taken from the Ebwy. For compelling the proprietors of mills to flop their works, C to allow a true gauge to be taken of their water. For making a stone road and a wharf for the use of the mines royal company. For making a weir on the side of the canal above the pool of Newport mill. Levels and surveys have been taken, and a map and book of reference have been made, and two copies authenticated by the speaker of the house of commons. The canals and railways not to deviate more than zoo yards from the line described in the plan, without the content of land owners. Land owners omitted in the book of reference through mistake, not to obstruct. Width of the canals and towing paths to be twenty six yards. Where roads are injured, others to be made. Bodies politic, corporate, and other incapacitated persons, empowered to sell and convey lands, and with consent of of to sell or exchange any lands which may be so separated as to render the occupation thereof inconvenient. All contracts, agreements, and conveyances, for those purposes, to be enrolled by the clerk of the peace for the county of Monmouth. Pieces of land cut off, being less than one acre, or Id's than 50 yards in breadth, shall be purchased by the company, if required. For preserving copyhold rights. of Appointed for settling differences between the company and private individuals, whose property may be affected or damaged. For appointing new of The quarter sessions empowered to nominate of in certain cases. Qualification of of Commissioners may act as justices of peace. Fourteen days notice to be given of meet ings of of, and not Ids than five to act. Meetings of of may be called at any time, notwithstanding the adjournment of Any general meeting. Meetings of of to be held within six miles of the place in dispute. Commissioners to determine what sums of money, or annual relit, the company shall pay for the purchase of lands, and what sums they shall pay for damages. If the parties refuse to submit to the determination of the of, a jury and witnesses may be summfrn ed. Twenty pounds penalty on sheriffs, and five pounds on jurymen and witnesses, making default. Jury to be under the same regulation as at Westminster. Persons giving false evidence may be indicted for perjury. Expences of of and jury, by whom to be bornd Persons o jequesting

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. IQ.

requesting a jury, to enter into a bond to prosecute, Sec. Notice of injury - or damage to be given to the company before complaint made to the of Proceedings of of to be entered in a book. commissioner to appoint a clerk, who is to be paid by the company, and to deliver up books, See. when removed. On payment of purchase money, the company may enter lands, and proceed with their works. Determinations of of, and verdicts of juries, to be recorded, and the lands purchased to vest absolutely in the company. Purchase money paid to corporations, Sec. to be laid out in other lands to be settled to the tame uses; and until laid out inlands, to be placed out at interest. The interdt of money so placed out, and the annual rents to be paid for iain's, to go to the persons intrtled to the rents of the lands purchased by the company. Commissioners may settle the proportions of purchase money not directed to be laid out in land between the several parties interested. The company may pay purchase money to mortgagees of the lands purchased if required. Money to be paid for damages, how to be recovered. Annual rents to be paid for lands, charged on the tolls and rates, with powers for recovering the same. Coals, See, found in digging canals, to be laid upon the land adjoining, for the benefit of the owners. Regulations and rdtribtions reflecting the working of mines, See. belonging to private persons under or near the canals. But the owners of such mines may make gate ways, Sec. at certain distances, and of certain dimensions. If any mines near the canals are worked contrary to the directions of this act, the company may enter and secure the canals, cat the expense of the owners of mines. Owners of mines under or near the canals, desirous of working the lame, to give notice to the company, who shall make fatil faction, in case they refuse their content to the working the same. To oblige proprietors of fire engines to lift their water into the canal. Millers to put up or down doughs when required by the company. If millers are not satisfied with the recompense offered by the company, commissioners to determine the same. Mills, injured by the navigation, to be purchased by the company, if so required by the owner, or otherwise altered and improved. Towing paths, See. to be fenced off from adjoining lands. Gates and styles to be erected on towing paths, Sec. and bridges,

Scc. to be erected by the company. In case of failure to fence off towing paths, and make bridges, Sec. owners of lands adjoining may do the same at the company's expense. Owners or occupiers of lands may erect bridges, Scc. at their own expense, if not satisfied with those erected by the company. The company to make drains, C to convey water from adjoining lands, and keep the same clean. The company may cleanse adjoining ditches and drains at the expense of the owners, if neglected by them. For repairing damages occasioned by floods, and preventing further damage from the same. The company may raise 120, 0001. among themselves. The money raised to be divided into 1, 200 ihares, which shall be numbered in progression, and be deemed personal estate. sub feribers to be deemed proprietors, and have a vote lor every share. Votes may be given by proxy. All questions to be decided by a majority of votes, and the chairman to have the calling vote. No person to vote as proxy for more than five absentees; and after five years, no person to give more than ten votes.' If the 120000l. not sufficient, the company may raise 6o, pool more, either by contributions among then delyes, or by admission of new subscribers, or on mortgage. No preference among mortgagees. A memorial of mortgages to be entered by the company's Clerk.' Mortgages may be transferred, and memoi ial of transfers to be entered. Proprietors to be paid 5l. per centum upon the money advanced, until the navigation is completed. Interest of mortgages to be firffc paid. Inhere ft of mortgages how to be recovered. First general meeting of proprietors to be on the feconci Monday after the twenty-fifth of June 1792, and to meet annually on the last Monday in April, and the third Monday in October, and to choose a committee, and appoint a treasurer, clerk, Sec. Committee may fill up vacancies in the offices of treasurer or clerk until the next general meeting Treasurers, clerks, when removed, C to deliver up all books Of accounts, on penalty of iool, qeiipraj assembiks may audit and settle accounts See, treasurer's accounts

Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 102. [1792.

to be settled every half year. General meetings or committees may make calls for money. General assembly may remove committee men, and appoint others, and make bye laws. General assemblies not to choose committees, unless votes for two thirds of the whole number of shares are present. Proprietors not present at the next assembly after an adjournment, for want of a sufficient number of votes, to forfeit five shillings. No business to be done at any meeting of the committee, unless five members present. All questions in the committee to be decided by a majority of votes, and the chairman to have a calling vote. Committee to keep books of accounts, Sec. Special meetings of proprietors may be called. Committees subject to the control of general and special assemblies. Proprietors to pay their shares of the money called for at the place appointed. If any make default, the company may recover the same by action, and the defaulter to forfeit five pounds a hare. But shares not to be forfeited without personal notice. In case of death before subscription, executors may complete the same. In case of refusal - want of assets, the company may admit other persons. Shares may be sold. No hare to be sold after a call, until the money paid. Proof to be given of title to shares acquired by marriage, or by will, or letters of administration. The clerk of the company to keep an account of the names of proprietors. Rates. For all iron stone, iron ore, lead ore, coals, culm, tone coal, coaks, cinders, and charcoal, and lime (except for manure) and for tiles, bricks, lime (tone, flag stones, and other stone, twopence halfpenny a tonne, per mile. For all hay, straw, and corn in the straw, all materials for repairing roads, lime for manure, and all other manure, three halfpence a tonne, per mile. And for all iron, lead, timber, and other goods, five pence a tonne, per mile. Rates to be paid for a full half mile, and for a full quarter of a tonne. Vessels laden with hay, straw, or manure, C not to pass locks, except when the water shall flow over the waste weir at such lock. Five pounds penalty on claiming exemptions from rates unlawfully. Tolls for horses and cattle passing cm rail ways. For horses not laden or drawing, one penny, and for cattle, one halfpenny each. Collectors of such tolls to give tickets, and no horse, See. to pay more than once a day. Fifty cubic feet of round, or forty cubic feet of square, oak, ash, elm or beech timber, and fifty cubic feet of fir, poplar, or birch, and sixty cubic feet of light goods, to be deemed a tonne weight. The company to regulate the price of small parcels under 500 pounds weight. Rates, tolls, and duties, how to be recovered. Tolls not liable to taxes. Company to be rated to taxes in the same proportion as adjoining lands. Matter of boats, C to give an account in writing of the goods on board to the collector of the tolls, on penalty of five pounds. In case of dispute, the collector may weigh boats, See. Navigation and rail ways to be free, on payment of tolls. The company may vary the tolls. Amount of clear profits how to be ascertained. 5l. percent, of the clear, profits to be inverted in government securities, as a fund for repairs, until the same amount to i,ooool. Commissioners empowered to reduce certain tolls, when the profits are lot per centum, and when reduced to a certain sum, no further reduction to be made without content of the proprietors. The tolls on cols to be first reduced. When by such reduction dividends are less than iql per centum, the tolls may be raised again. Canals and rail ways to be measured, and stones setup every half mile. Navigation not to be subject to of of sewers. The names of owners of boats, wagons, Sec. to be painted on the outside. Boats, wagons, Sec. may be gauged by the company. Owners of boats. Sec. answerable for damages done by servants. Owners of boats, Sec. may recover from servants what shall be paid for damages done by them. No wagons, to pass on rail ways, unless constructed, as directed by the company, except in crosting, Sec. Places to be made for boats to turn and pass each other. Regulations for boats in parting the locks. To prevent lock keepers giving any preference to boats. Boats, Sec. under twenty tonnes, not to pass locks but on certain conditions. Boats, See. obstructing the navigation, to be removed. Boats sunk, to be weighed. Five pounds penalty on persons taking in or unloading goods, unless at a public wharf. Five pounds penalty for leaving

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 103. 683

open draw bridges, Five pounds penalty for floating timber, overloading boats, or throwing ballast into the canals. Five pounds penalty for opening locks, Sec. and wafting water, Sec. Persons wilfully damaging canals, guilty of felony. Owners of mines and ironworks, See. may make railways to the distance of eight miles, in case the company refute.

Persons may agree with the company for a railway or wagon way.

Private persons may make cuts to communicate with the canals, hut not without the consent of land owners. Breadth of such cuts to be twenty six yards; or inclined planes may be made. Lords of manors may erect wharves on their own lands, but if they refuse, the company may eredithe same. Regulations respecting private wharves. Rights of fishery reserved to lords of manors, Remedy for damages not before provided for.

Lands taken and not used by the company, to be re conveyed to the original owners, in case they think proper to become the purchasers thereof. To compel payment of subscriptions. Recovery of fines and forfeitures. Persons talcing a distress irregularly, not to be deemed trespassers, ab initio. Proceedings not to be quailed for want of form. Appeal. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Public at.

CAP. CIII.

An act for the better paving, cleansing, widening and regulating the streets, courts, roads, lanes, ways, rows, alleys, and public passages and places, within the town of Portsea, in the county of Southampton; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances and obstructions within the said town.

Act Geo. 3. c. 92. repealed. "Portsmouth Common," to be called "The Town of Portsea." All contracts made by trustees, and all rates, &c. under the repealed act, to continue in force. Trustees appointed. Trustees holding offices, or having any contract, not to act. Trustees being justices for the borough of Portsmouth, may act as such. First meeting of trustees to be June 26, 1792. No adjournment by less than seven trustees. Power to call a special meeting. Seven trustees necessary to make or revoke orders. Trustees to bear their own expenses.

Books to be kept and signed by the clerk, and may be inspected at meetings, ca

treasurer', clerk, collector and beadle to be appointed, who are to give security, and account. Officers dying or becoming bankrupt, debts due from them are to be preferred. Boundaries of the town of Portsea, viz.

From the centre of the road close to the gate leading from Portsmouth Common to the king's Mill, called the Gun Wharf Gate, along the Mill Pond; Mr. legg's dam, and from thence excluding the said dam round the side of the said mill pond, to sir Thomas ridge's dam, and along the end of the said dam, to the corner of the king's land, and from thence in a level line to the old pound, called Kingwell Pound, and from thence close along by sir Thomas ridge's starch house, to the Portsmouth turnpike road, thence across the said road to sir Thomas ridge's malt house, and close along sir Thomas ridge's said malthouse and garden wall to the king's land opposite Kingwell Pound, and thence round on the eastern side of the king's said land to the sea, at the place called Flathouse, to the low water mark there, and from thence to his majesty's dock yard, and round the said dock yard close to the seato the southern boundary of the said dock yard, and along the low water mark to his majesty's gim wharf, then up to the high water mark, close to his majesty's gun wharf, and from thence close along the wall of the said gun wharf, on the side next the land, excluding the said gun wharf, to the centre of the road close to the gun wharf gate aforesaid. Trustees may ereeft bound stones.

Trustees to have no power over any road, pavement, C within the dockyard, nor over the ordnance lands. Commissioners of the navy may enclose the common hard, making another between the dock yard and gun wharf. The ordnance may enclose the hard at the old buildings, making another hard between the dock yard and lime kiln. The property of the pavements, Sec. vested in the trustees. Trustees may appoint a scavenger to sweep foot and carriage ways, and take away the dust from houses.

684 Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 104 — 106. [1792.

[Public act.]

Trustees may contract for paving streets, See. The expenses of paving to be paid by owners of houses, lands, CC Tenants to pay and recover from landlords. The expenses of pavements not capable of being recovered of owners, to be defrayed out of the rates. The charges of sweeping the streets, See. Officers salaries and obtaining this ail, Sec. to be paid out of the rates. Rate 3d. in the pound. Omissions in the rates may be supplied. Persons assessed neglecting to pay their portion of the rate within 31 days, to pay double. Trustees to maintain all parish roads in the town of Portsea, Mutual exemption of the inhabitants of the parish and town of Portsea, as to parish roads. Trustees may repair roads not bdfore houses, Sec. Trustees may regulate all signs, bulk windows, pallisades, spouts, Sec. Trustees may cause names of streets to be painted, and houses numbered. Trustees may purchase land, to widen streets. Bodies corporate, Sec. empowered to contrail for sale of houses, Sec. The house called u The Plain" in North Street, to be taken down. Money belonging to corporations to be reinvested. Annoyances by hog flies, Sec. to be removed. Necessary houses to be emptied between eleven of the clock at night and four in the morning. To prevent lifting ashes in the street. Sec. No cattle to be killed or wander in the streets. No wheelbarrows to be driven on the foot pavements. Owners names to be put on carts, wheelbarrows. Sec. No carnage, except wagons, to be drawn with more than three horses. After June 24, 1?9u wagons, carts, Sec. belonging to the island of Portsea, to have the fellies of wheels six inches broad; No Carts, goods, Sec. to be left in the street, on penalty of 5s. Five ihihings penalty on chimneys being on fire. No cellar window to be left open by day nor by night without a light. Persons may erect enclosures for bricks, morter, Sec. in building. Persons wilfully damaging lamps, to forfeit not less than 40s. nor more than 10l. Justices fees regulated. constables, Sec. to have no see or reward. Collector, beadle, constable, Sec. not doing their duty, to forfeit 40s Penalties how to be recovered. Information of offences to be given within three months. Inhabitants may be witnesses. Offenders convicted to pay the expense of summons and con vhftion All penalties may be mitigated by the justices to one half. Trustees may borrow 600l. on the credit of the rates. When any part of the original debt is paid off, trustees may borrow more. Trustees not personally answerable for contra6ls, Sec. Money expended by or recovered against the trustees, to be paid out of the rates. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Defendants may pay money into cojgrt. Trustees plaintiffs in any action, on recovering, to be entitled to double costs. No action to be brought against the colkdlor of any rate that may be quashed, Sec. Appeal. Proceedings not to be quashtd for want of form. A saving of rights to the corporation of Portsmouth.

---

CAP. CIV.

An act for building a new gaol and house of correction for the town and county borough of Carmarthen, and for supplying the said town and county borough, and the liberties thereof with water; and for paving, watching, lighting, clean ling and regulating the streets lanes, ways, roads and public passages, and for widening and making the same more commodious; and removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances and obstructions therein; and for other purposes.

CAP. CV.

An act for improving the navigation of the river Medway, from the town of Maidstone, through the several parishes of Maidstone, Boxley, Allington and Aylesford in the county of Kent.

CAP. CVI.

An act for making and maintaining a navigation From Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the town of Sleaford, in the county of Lincoln, along the course of Sleaford Mill Stream and Kyme Eau, to the river Witham, at or near Chapped Hill in the same county, and for making necessary cuts for better effecting the said navigation.

1792.] Anno regni tricesimo secundo Georgii III. c. 107 — 110. 685

CAP. CVII.

An act for enlarging and improving the canal called Tattershall Canal, from the river Witham to the town of Tattershall, and extending the same into the river Bain, and for making the said river Bain navigable from thence to or into the town of Horncastle, all in the county of Lincoln; and also for amending and rendering complete the navigable communication between the said river Witham and the Fosdyke Canal, through the high bridge in the city of Lincoln.

CAP. CVIII.

An act for dividing, allotting and enclosing the commons and waste grounds, within the town or hamlet of March, in the manor and parish of Doddington, in the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge; and for altering and amending an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain fen lands, low grounds, and commons, in the townships or hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the parish of Upwell, in the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

CAP. CIX.

An act for dividing, enclosing, draining, and improving the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the several townships or hamlets of Hessle, Anlaby and Tranby, in the county of the town of Kingston upon Hull; and for making a compensation in lieu of tithe for certain ancient enclosed lands within the said several townships or hamlets, and also within the township or hamlet of Wooferton, otherwise Wolfreton in the same county.

CAP. CX.

An act for dividing and enclosing certain parts of the common, moors or tracts of waste land, called Hexhamshire, and Allendale Common, and also certain town fields within the regality or manor of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland, and for stinting the depasturing of the other parts of the said commons, moors, or waste land.

END OF VOL. XXXVII

[Index Removed.]

